award received	Mary Lasker is a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1969, the Four Freedoms Award 1987 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 1989.	Mary Lasker	Presidential Medal of Freedom	Congressional Gold Medal
award received	On 3 May 2006, UNESCO awarded the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize to May Chidiac in recognition of her courage in defending and promoting freedom of the press.	May Chidiac	UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize
award received	Edward John Mott VC DCM (4 July 1893 -- 20 October 1967) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Edward John Mott	Victoria Cross
award received	Flight Lieutenant Stanley Gilbert Pickard DFM was a Royal Air Force pilot active in World War II. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal.	Stanley Gilbert Pickard	Distinguished Flying Medal
award received	Nicolas Joseph Maison, 1er Marquis Maison (19 December 1771 -- 13 February 1840) was a Marshal of France and Minister of War.	Nicolas Joseph Maison	Marshal of France
award received	Professor Nalini Anantharaman (born 26 February 1976) is a French mathematician who has won major prizes including the Henri Poincaré Prize in 2012.	Nalini Anantharaman	Henri Poincaré Prize
award received	Franz Frauscher (20 February 1920 -- 17 June 1990) was a Hauptscharführer, in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Franz Frauscher	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Our Day was selected for the National Film Registry by the Librarian of Congress in 2007 as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	Our Day	National Film Registry
award received	Alongside her mother, Paolina Kolonits (née Holka), and Ilona's two sisters, Margit and Paola, Ilona Kolonits was awarded the Righteous Among the Nations title by Yom HaShoah) posthumous in 2007 in recognition of saving the lives of numerous people during the Second World War.	Ilona Kolonits	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Wu Shaobin (Chinese: 吴少斌; born 4 February 1969) is a Singaporean chess Grandmaster.	Wu Shaobin	Grandmaster
award received	Lewis and The Last Battle won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject.	The Last Battle	Carnegie Medal
award received	James Robb Church (January 1, 1866 -- May 18, 1923) was a United States Army Assistant Surgeon received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Spanish--	James Robb Church	Medal of Honor
award received	From 1996 to 2000, he was an associate professor at UM. In 2000 Guan became a professor (Halvor Christensen Collegiate Professor in Life Sciences, 2003--2007) at UM. In 1998, Kun-Liang Guan was rewarded a MacArthur Fellowship, with a grant of $230,000 over five years.	Kun-Liang Guan	MacArthur Fellowship
award received	Despite Porter's claim that after the publication of Ship of Fools she would not win any more prizes in America, in 1966 she was awarded the Pulitzer Prize and the U.S. National Book Award for The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter.	Katherine Anne Porter	National Book Award
award received	George Mason Lovering (January 10, 1832 -- April 2, 1919) was a Union Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for meritorious service during the American Civil War.	George Mason Lovering	Medal of Honor
award received	Björn Thorfinnsson (born 25 October 1979, Iceland) is a chess player and International Master.	Björn Thorfinnsson	International Master
award received	George W. Harris (March 6, 1835 -- January 30, 1920 or 1921) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House.	George W. Harris	Medal of Honor
award received	On 25 February 1963 Yad Vashem decided to give Johann Pscheidt the medal of Righteous Among the Nations.	Johann Pscheidt	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Elisabeth Pähtz (sometimes spelled Paehtz; born January 8, 1985, in Erfurt) is a German chess player who holds the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Elisabeth Pähtz	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Lauris Elms was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1974, awarded the Queen's Jubilee Medal in 1977, and appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM).	Lauris Elms	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Mónica Spear Mootz (1 October 1984 -- 6 January 2014) was a Venezuelan actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Venezuela 2004.	Mónica Spear	Miss Venezuela
award received	Anne Haast (born 1 July 1993) is a Dutch chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM) since 2015.	Anne Haast	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Chirukandath Manoj Arjun Vishnuvardhan (born 21 August 1990), generally known as Arjun Vishnuvardhan, is an Indian chess player who is an International Master in the United States of America.	Arjun Vishnuvardhan	International Master
award received	Herbert Schramm (13 October 1913 -- 1 December 1943) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II.	Herbert Schramm	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Bertha Tammelin was given the Litteris et Artibus in 1885.	Bertha Tammelin	Litteris et Artibus
award received	Sibusiso, you have done us proud!'' (In 2006 Vilane was awarded the Order of Ikhamanga (Bronze) by President Mbeki. He can sign his name 'Sibusiso Vilane, OIB'.)	Sibusiso Vilane	Order of Ikhamanga
award received	By decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Ukrainian SSR dated May 3, 1954 Nikolay Dobrokhotov was awarded the Order of Lenin and by decree dated July 19, 1958 he was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.	Nikolay Dobrokhotov	Order of Lenin
award received	Primate of the Artsakh Diocese Archbishop Pargev Martirosyan conferred the highest Honorary Title of the ``Hero of Artsakh''	Pargev Martirosyan	Hero of Artsakh
award received	Sydney G. Gumpertz (October 24, 1879 - February 16, 1971) was a United States Army First Sergeant and recipient to the highest military decoration for valor in combat -- the Medal of Honor -- during World War I.	Sydney G. Gumpertz	Medal of Honor
award received	Arnolds Spekke has received the Latvian Order of the Three Stars as well as French, Polish and Swedish orders.	Arnolds Spekke	Order of the Three Stars
award received	István Csom (born June 2, 1940, Sátoraljaújhely, Hungary) is a Hungarian chess Grandmaster and International Arbiter.	István Csom	Grandmaster
award received	Fritz Eckstein (27 January 1923 -- 4 April 1979) was an Unterscharführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Fritz Eckstein	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Order of the Republic (Moldova) Artist al Poporului Laureat al Premiului de Stat Festivalul-Concurs Naţional al Interpreţilor Cântecului Popular ``Nicolae Sulac'' ``Nicolae Sulac'' School	Nicolae Sulac	Order of the Republic
award received	IEEE Edison Medal in 1982 Fellow, IEEE Fellow, Franklin Institute http://articles.philly.com/1989-11-21/news/26137551_1_leeds-northrup-technical-papers-david-cohn Pi Lambda Phi 2010 Membership directory ``Nathan Cohn''.	Nathan Cohn	Edison Medal
award received	Alfred Philippi (3 August 1903 -- 15 June 1994) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Alfred Philippi	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Wing Commander Eric James Brindley Nicolson VC DFC (29 April 1917 -- 2 May 1945) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	James Brindley Nicolson	Victoria Cross
award received	Michel A. J. Georges was awarded the Wolf Prize in Agriculture in 2007 along with Ronald L. Phillips of the University of Liège ``for groundbreaking discoveries in genetics and genomics, laying the foundations for improvements in crop and livestock breeding, and sparking important advances in plant and animal sciences''.	Michel A. J. Georges	Wolf Prize in Agriculture
award received	Awarded the Order of the Red Banner after destroying German tank, Nina Onilova was mortally wounded in a German attack during the Battle of Sevastopol.	Nina Onilova	Order of the Red Banner
award received	Max Schäfer (17 January 1907 -- 16 May 1987) was a Standartenführer (Colonel) in the Waffen-SS, during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Max Schäfer	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Edith Hauer-Frischmuth (born 1913 in Vienna; died 2004 in Altaussee) was an Austrian Righteous Among the Nations.	Edith Hauer	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Kai Bräundle-Schmidt (19 June 1917 -- 14 August 1991) was a highly decorated 'Major of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Kai Bräundle-Schmidt	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Salvat Etchart (1924 - 1985 Bordeaux) was a French writer, winner of the 1967 Prix Renaudot.	Salvat Etchart	Prix Renaudot
award received	Mr. Zhao won the 1998 Golden Leopard at the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland.	Mr. Zhao	Golden Leopard
award received	26 April 1917 -- 2nd Lt. (temp. Capt.) Christopher Joseph Quintin Brand, RFC, Spec. Res. -- awarded the Military Cross:	Quintin Brand	Military Cross
award received	In 1987 the Catalan Government awarded Cavall Fort with the Creu de Sant Jordi and in 2011 with the Premi Nacional de Cultura (National Culture Award).	Cavall Fort	Creu de Sant Jordi
award received	Alfons Bialetzki (born 29 September 1919) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Alfons Bialetzki	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Rosina Raisbeck was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1977 New Years Honours.	Rosina Raisbeck	Member of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Pedro del Valle helped the Marine Corps in the capture of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, in 1916, for which he was awarded his first Legion of Merit.	Pedro del Valle	Legion of Merit
award received	He showed his work at the Holly Solomon Gallery, NYC, in 1976, and in 1979 Thornton Willis won a Guggenheim Fellowship for painting.	Thornton Willis	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Amina Dagi (born Amina Mirzakhanova (Russian: Амина Мирзаханова), born 12 February 1995) is a Russian-Austrian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Austria 2012.	Amina Dagi	Miss Austria
award received	Kim Dae-jung (Korean pronunciation: (kimdɛdʑuŋ); 6 January 1924 -- 18 August 2009) was the 8th President of South Korea from 1998 to 2003, and the 2000 Nobel Peace Prize recipient.	Kim Dae-jung	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	David George Ouellet (June 13, 1944 -- March 6, 1967) was a US Navy seaman, and received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War.	David George Ouellet	Medal of Honor
award received	Jana Krivec (born May 30, 1980) is a Slovene chess player, Woman Grandmaster.	Jana Krivec	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Capt. (A./Maj.) Fred Parkinson Holliday, DSO, MC (Can. Eng) is awarded the Air Force Cross.	Fred Parkinson Holliday	Air Force Cross
award received	Monica Lin Brown (born 24 May 1988) is a United States Army medic who became the first woman during War in Afghanistan and only the second woman since World War II to receive the Silver Star, the United States' third-highest medal for valor.	Monica Lin Brown	Silver Star
award received	Agnes Jekyll was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1918 for her public works.	Agnes Jekyll	Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Günther Konopacki (10 October 1921 -- 23 June 1987) was a highly decorated Rittmeister in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Günther Konopacki	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
constellation	Arp 116 (APG 116) is a pair of interacting galaxies composed of elliptical galaxy Messier 60 and spiral galaxy NGC 4647, located in the Virgo Constellation, lying about 60 million light years away, in the Virgo Cluster, at right ascension 12h 43m 36.1s declination +11° 34′ 02`` .	Arp 116	Virgo
constellation	HAT-P-5b is a transiting extrasolar planet located approximately 1100 light-years away in the constellation of Lyra, orbiting the star HAT-P-5.	HAT-P-5b	Lyra
continent	Booth Peninsula (66°6′S 101°13′E) is a rocky peninsula, 4 nautical miles (7 km) long and 1 nautical mile (2 km) wide, of Antarctica, which projects west from the coast 3 nautical miles (6 km) southwest of Remenchus Glacier.	Booth Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Hovdeskar Gap (71°47′S 11°39′E) is a gap just east of Mount Skarshovden at the head of Skarsbrotet Glacier, in the Humboldt Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Hovdeskar Gap	Antarctica
continent	Kirton Island is a small coastal island of the Robinson Group, lying 6 kilometres (3 nmi) west of Cape Daly, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica, and about 3 kilometres (1.5 nmi) south of Macklin Island.	Kirton Island	Antarctica
continent	Lauff Island is a small island lying 4 kilometres (2 nmi) north of Cape Dart, Siple Island, off the Bakutis Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Lauff Island	Antarctica
continent	Simpson Nunatak is a nunatak, 1,165 metres (3,822 ft), rising 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) northwest of Mount Roberts, on the south margin of Aitkenhead Glacier, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Simpson Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Hamm Peak (69°43′S 74°8′E) is a small rock peak just back from the coast of Antarctica, standing close south of Strover Peak and 6 nautical miles (11 km) west-northwest of Mount Caroline Mikkelsen.	Hamm Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hassage (75°51′S 72°29′W) is a prominent isolated mountain, 1,120 metres (3,670 ft) high, located 12 nautical miles (22 km) southwest of Mount Horne in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hassage	Antarctica
continent	Mount Mullen is a double-peaked mountain 4.0 kilometres (2.5 mi) east-southeast of Mount Milton in the south Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Mullen	Antarctica
continent	Gregory Glacier (64°8′S 60°48′W) is a glacier flowing into Cierva Cove north of Breguet Glacier, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Gregory Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ko-iwa Rock (68°42′S 40°33′E) is a small rock exposure 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) west of Oku-iwa Glacier on the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Ko-iwa Rock	Antarctica
continent	Early Bluff (75°13′S 113°57′W) is a high bluff on the south side of the Kohler Range in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Early Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Van der Veen Ice Stream (83°50′S 130°00′W), formerly Ice Stream B1, is a large southeastern tributary to the Whillans Ice Stream in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Van der Veen Ice Stream	Antarctica
continent	Krasheninnikov Peak (71°41′S 12°40′E) is a peak, 2,525 metres (8,280 ft) high, on the south side of the Svarthausane Crags in the Südliche Petermann Range of the Wohlthat Mountains, Antarctica.	Krasheninnikov Peak	Antarctica
continent	Logie Glacier (85°18′S 175°20′W) is a tributary glacier, about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long and 2 nautical miles (4 km) wide, flowing west through the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica to enter Shackleton Glacier just northeast of Vickers Nunatak.	Logie Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Lake Jabs is a small lake next east of Club Lake in the central part of Breidnes Peninsula, Vestfold Hills, Antarctica.	Lake Jabs	Antarctica
continent	Miziya Peak (Vrah Miziya \'vr&h 'mi-zi-ya\) is the 604 m summit of Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Miziya Peak	Antarctica
continent	Odbert Island is a rocky island, 2.4 km (1.5 mi) long, between Ardery Island and Robinson Ridge in the Windmill Islands of Antarctica.	Odbert Island	Antarctica
continent	The Amazon River (US /ˈæməzɒn/ or UK /ˈæməzən/; Spanish and Portuguese: Amazonas) in South America is the largest river by discharge of water in the world, and the second in length.	Amazon River	South America
continent	Leander Glacier (71°56′S 167°41′E) is a tributary glacier in the Admiralty Mountains of Antarctica, draining the area west of Mount Black Prince and flowing south between Shadow Bluff and the McGregor Range to enter Tucker Glacier.	Leander Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Robbery Beaches are beaches extending along the north side of Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica between Essex Point to the west and Nedelya Point to the east.	Robbery Beaches	Antarctica
continent	Haban Spur (73°18′S 163°0′E) is a bold rock spur 3 miles (5 km) north of Scarab Peak, extending northeast from the east central part of Tobin Mesa in the Mesa Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Haban Spur	Antarctica
continent	Melville Peak (62°1′S 57°41′W) is a prominent peak surmounting Cape Melville, the eastern cape of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands off Antarctica.	Melville Peak	Antarctica
continent	Kvarsnes Bay (67°3′S 56°49′E) is a small bay at the southwest side of Kvarsnes Foreland, in the southern part of Edward VIII Bay, Antarctica.	Kvarsnes Bay	Antarctica
continent	Fisher Point is a rock coastal point on the east margin of the Darley Hills, in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Fisher Point	Antarctica
continent	The Gruber Mountains (German: Otto-von-Gruber-Gebirge) are a small group of mountains consisting of a main massif and several rocky outliers, forming the northeast portion of the Wohlthat Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Gruber Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Manning Island is an island in the vicinity of Antarctica.	Manning Island	Antarctica
continent	The Morrison Hills (84°12′S 168°40′E) are a series of rugged east--west trending hills between Garrard Glacier and Hewson Glacier in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica.	Morrison Hills	Antarctica
continent	Brunei (i/bruːˈnaɪ/, broo-NYE), officially the Nation of Brunei, the Abode of Peace (Malay: Negara Brunei Darussalam, Jawi: نڬارا بروني دارالسلام‎), is a sovereign state located on the north coast of the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia.	Brunei	Asia
continent	Sevtopolis Peak (Vrah Sevtopolis \'vr&h sev-to-'po-lis\) is an ice-covered peak of elevation 300 m in Dryanovo Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Sevtopolis Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mizukuguri Cove (69°11′S 39°38′E) is a cove in the east side of Lützow-Holm Bay, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mizukuguri Cove	Antarctica
continent	Elliot Peak (84°31′S 164°4′E) is the summit peak of a conspicuous northeast trending basalt ridge, rising 1 nautical mile (2 km) northwest of Tempest Peak, in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica.	Elliot Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mawson Corridor (67°0′S 63°0′E) is a sea passage between grounded icebergs on the approach to Mawson Station at Holme Bay, Antarctica.	Mawson Corridor	Antarctica
continent	Crandall Peak (71°27′S 168°41′E) is a mostly snow-covered peak, 1,840 metres (6,040 ft) high, located mid-way along the west wall of Pitkevitch Glacier in the Admiralty Mountains, a major mountain range lying in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Crandall Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Hidden Lake Formation is a Late Cretaceous geologic formation in Antarctica.	Hidden Lake Formation	Antarctica
continent	Glandaz Point (65°5′S 63°59′W) is a point forming the south side of the entrance to Deloncle Bay in Kiev Peninsula, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Glandaz Point	Antarctica
continent	Felton Head (67°17′S 46°59′E) is a flat-topped, dark brown headland with a sheer seaward side, standing 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) east of Harrop Island on the coast of Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Felton Head	Antarctica
continent	Britten Inlet (72°36′S 72°30′W) is an ice-filled inlet and the only inlet on Monteverdi Peninsula indenting the southwest side of the Peninsula, south Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Britten Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Mitchell Peninsula (66°20′S 110°32′E) is a rocky peninsula, 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) long and 2 nautical miles (4 km) wide, lying between O'Brien Bay and Sparkes Bay at the east side of the Windmill Islands, Antarctica.	Mitchell Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Pa Tio Tio Gap (76°25′S 161°57′E) is a glacier-filled gap at 1,000 m. It trends east-west between Robertson Massif and Endeavour Massif in Kirkwood Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Pa Tio Tio Gap	Antarctica
continent	Sigmen Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Сигмен, ``Lednik Sigmen'' \'led-nik 'sig-men\) is a 2.2 km long and 2 km wide glacier draining the northwest slopes of Brugmann Mountains on Liège Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Sigmen Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Copperstain Ridge (71°27′S 164°22′E) is a ridge about 3 nautical miles (6 km) long which descends north-northeast from Mount Freed, in the Bowers Mountains, a major mountain range situated within Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Copperstain Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Chapanov Peak (Bulgarian: Чапанов връх, ``Chapanov Vrah'' \cha-'pa-nov 'vr&h\) is the rocky, partly ice-free peak rising to 600 m in Metlichina Ridge on Oscar II Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Chapanov Peak	Antarctica
continent	League Rock (67°46′S 69°4′W) is a distinctive rounded rock lying southwest of Box Reef, off the south end of Adelaide Island, Antarctica.	League Rock	Antarctica
continent	Mount Bowen is a peak in the Prince Albert Mountains, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Bowen	Antarctica
continent	Douglas Gap (71°5′S 167°44′E) is a glacier-filled gap, 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) wide, between the Hedgpeth Heights and the Quam Heights in the Anare Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Douglas Gap	Antarctica
continent	Haffner Glacier (71°28′S 169°24′E) is a small glacier discharging into Berg Bay along the north coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Haffner Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Meister (74°14′S 162°47′E) is a mountain, 2,520 metres (8,270 ft) high, on the west side of Priestley Glacier, surmounting the north end of Nash Ridge of the Eisenhower Range, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Meister	Antarctica
continent	Canada Glacier is a small glacier flowing south-east into the northern side of Taylor Valley in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Canada Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Union Glacier (79°45′S 082°30′W), is a large, heavily crevassed glacier which receives the flow of several tributaries and drains through the middle of the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Union Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Bardarevo Hill (Bulgarian: Бърдаревски хълм, ``Bardarevski Halm'' \bar-'da-rev-ski 'h&lm\) is the ice-covered hill rising to 660 m in the north part of Marescot Ridge on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Bardarevo Hill	Antarctica
continent	Wiens Peak is a peak in Antarctica at the east end of Elliott Ridge in southern Neptune Range, Pensacola Mountains.	Wiens Peak	Antarctica
continent	Biser Point (Bulgarian: нос Бисер, ``Nos Biser'' \'nos 'bi-ser\) is the narrow rocky point next north of the terminus of Rusalka Glacier and forming the east side of the entrance to Dimitrov Cove on the northwest coast of Velingrad Peninsula on Graham Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Biser Point	Antarctica
continent	Kloa Point (66°38′S 57°19′E) is a prominent coastal point projecting from the east side of Edward VIII Plateau, 5.6 kilometres (3 nmi) north of Cape Gotley, Antarctica.	Kloa Point	Antarctica
continent	Belozem Hill (Halm Belozem \'h&lm be-lo-'zem\) is the northeasternmost of a chain of hills along Bulgarian Beach on Hurd Peninsula in the east of Livingston Island, South Shetland Islands in Antarctica.	Belozem Hill	Antarctica
continent	Targovishte Glacier (Lednik Targovishte \'led-nik t&r-'go-vi-shte\) is situated in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, east of Zheravna Glacier and southwest of Musala Glacier.	Targovishte Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ambalada Peak (75°57′S 158°23′E) is a rock peak, 2,160 metres (7,090 ft) high, standing 2 nautical miles (4 km) southeast of Griffin Nunatak in the Prince Albert Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Ambalada Peak	Antarctica
continent	Neny Fjord is a fjord which is 10 miles long in an east-west direction and 5 miles wide, between Red Rock Ridge and Roman Four Promontory on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Neny Fjord	Antarctica
continent	Byway Glacier (66°30′S 65°12′W) is a glacier flowing west from Slessor Peak and joining Erskine Glacier just southwest of Aleksandrov Peak in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Byway Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Gray Spur (85°10′S 90°29′W) is a rock spur between Aaron Glacier and Counts Icefall on the east side of the Ford Massif, in the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica.	Gray Spur	Antarctica
continent	Kellogg Glacier (71°51′S 62°41′W) is a glacier about 9 nautical miles (17 km) long at the base of Condor Peninsula on the east side of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Kellogg Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Cape Lamb (63°54′S 57°37′W) is a cape which forms the southwestern tip of Vega Island in the James Ross Island group, Antarctica.	Cape Lamb	Antarctica
continent	Germany (/ˈdʒɜːrməni/; German: Deutschland (ˈdɔʏtʃlant)), officially the Federal Republic of Germany (German: Bundesrepublik Deutschland, listen ), is a federal parliamentary republic in West-Central Europe.	Germany	Europe
continent	Kinter Nunatak (74°55′S 71°19′W) is the southernmost of the Sky-Hi Nunataks in eastern Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Kinter Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Abbot Ice Shelf is an ice shelf 250 mi (400 km) long and 40 mi (60 km) wide, bordering Eights Coast from Cape Waite to Pfrogner Point in Antarctica.	Abbot Ice Shelf	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gleaton (72°11′S 168°27′E) is a mountain, 2,130 metres (7,000 ft) high, that overlooks Tucker Glacier from the north, standing near the end of the ridge just north of Helman Glacier, in the Admiralty Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Gleaton	Antarctica
continent	Knight Nunatak (69°23′S 158°52′E) is a lone coastal nunatak 4 nautical miles (7 km) south-southeast of Cape Kinsey and 3 nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Mount Conrad in the Goodman Hills of Antarctica.	Knight Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Flower is a mountain with two summits, the highest at 1,465 metres (4,800 ft), standing 6.5 nautical miles (12 km) inland from Carse Point and George VI Sound, on the west coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mount Flower	Antarctica
continent	Boulton Peak (64°6′S 60°42′W) is a peak at the southeast side of Curtiss Bay, about 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of Cape Andreas in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Boulton Peak	Antarctica
continent	Since a prominent mountain does not rise from the bluffs, and because the name Mount Reeves is in use elsewhere in Antarctica, the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (1965) recommended that the original name be amended and that the entire line of bluffs be designated as Reeves Bluffs.	Reeves Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	Amundsen Icefall (85°28′S 166°42′W) is a steep and turbulent icefall where the Axel Heiberg Glacier descends from the polar plateau between Mount Fridtjof Nansen and Mount Don Pedro Christophersen, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Amundsen Icefall	Antarctica
continent	Mount Petinos (74°25′S 132°43′W) is a mountain (500 m) located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) east-southeast of Worley Point in the northwest part of Shepard Island off the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Petinos	Antarctica
continent	Andersen Harbor (64°19′S 62°56′W) is a small bay in the Melchior Islands, Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica, formed by the concave west side of Eta Island and the north end of Omega Island.	Andersen Harbor	Antarctica
continent	Cape Peremennyy (66°12′S 105°24′E) is an ice point on the coast of Antarctica 45 miles west-northwest of Merritt Island.	Cape Peremennyy	Antarctica
continent	Mansergh Wall is an ice-covered cliff, 4 nautical miles (7 km) long, running east--west between Mansergh Snowfield and the head of Errant Glacier in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Mansergh Wall	Antarctica
continent	Academia Peak (Vrah Akademiya \'vr&h a-ka-'de-mi-ya\) is a peak rising to approximately 1,130 m in the Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Academia Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Stroschein is a mountain in Antarctica, 1,020 m, standing 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of Weber Ridge in the Anderson Hills in northern Patuxent Range, Pensacola Mountains.	Mount Stroschein	Antarctica
continent	Lettau Peak (77°57′S 162°30′E) is a triangular peak, 2,455 metres (8,050 ft) high, 1 nautical mile (2 km) west-northwest of Fogle Peak in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lettau Peak	Antarctica
continent	Yordanov Nunatak (Bulgarian: Йорданов нунатак, ``Yordanov Nunatak'' \yor-da-'nov 'nu-na-tak\) is the rocky peak rising to 800 m on the coast of Borima Bay, between Jorum Glacier and Minzuhar Glacier on Oscar II Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Yordanov Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Smokinya Cove (Bulgarian: залив Смокиня, ``Zaliv Smokinya'' \'za-liv smo-'ki-nya\) is the 3.5 km wide cove on Prince Gustav Channel indenting for 2.2 km the southeast coast of Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Smokinya Cove	Antarctica
continent	Matador Mountain (85°10′S 176°50′W) is a prominent, ice-free mountain, 1,950 metres (6,400 ft) high, standing at the south side of the mouth of Gallup Glacier, Antarctica, where the latter enters Shackleton Glacier.	Matador Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Sierra Leone (i/sɪˈɛərə lɪˈoʊni, -lɪˈoʊn/), officially the Republic of Sierra Leone, is a country in West Africa.	Sierra Leone	Africa
continent	Mountaineer Range is the range of mountains lying between the Mariner and Aviator Glaciers in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mountaineer Range	Antarctica
continent	Crescent Bay (71°37′S 170°4′E) is a cove in the northeast side of Duke of York Island in Robertson Bay, northern Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Crescent Bay	Antarctica
continent	The Chari River, or Shari River, is a 949 kilometres (590 mi) long stream, flowing in Central Africa.	Chari River	Africa
continent	Mason Glacier (78°53′S 161°41′E) is a glacier draining the eastern slopes of the Worcester Range, Antarctica, immediately south of Bareface Bluff, and flowing east into Skelton Glacier.	Mason Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Huckle is a mainly ice-covered mountain, 2,500 metres (8,200 ft) high, near the northern end of the Douglas Range in eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Huckle	Antarctica
continent	Wilson Hills (69°40′S 158°30′E) is a group of scattered hills, nunataks and ridges that extend NW-SE for about 110 kilometres (68 mi) between Matusevich Glacier and Pryor Glacier in Antarctica.	Wilson Hills	Antarctica
continent	Bromwich Terrace (79°28′S 157°13′E) is a high relatively flat ice-capped area of about 7 square miles (18 km2), in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.	Bromwich Terrace	Antarctica
continent	Onogur Islands (Bulgarian: Оногурски острови, ``Onogurski ostrovi'' \o-no-'gur-ski 'os-tro-vi\) is the group of nine islands and some islets and rocks adjacent to the northwest coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Onogur Islands	Antarctica
continent	Algae Lake (66°18′S 100°48′E) is a narrow, winding lake, 9 nautical miles (17 km) long and between 0.2 and 1 nautical mile (0.4 and 1.9 km) wide, extending in an east--west direction in the ice-free Bunger Hills of Antarctica.	Algae Lake	Antarctica
continent	Ferrell Buttress (79°57′S 159°2′E) is a distinctive rock buttress, about 900 metres (3,000 ft) high, near the east end of Cranfield Icefalls, on the south side and near the terminus of Darwin Glacier in Antarctica.	Ferrell Buttress	Antarctica
continent	Peacock Sound is an ice-filled sound, 216 kilometres (134 mi) long and 64 km (40 mi) wide, separating Thurston Island from the Eights Coast of Ellsworth Land in Antarctica.	Peacock Sound	Antarctica
continent	Lagrelius Point (63°55′S 58°17′W) is a low, ice-free point on the northwest side of James Ross Island, Antarctica, 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) south of Carlson Island.	Lagrelius Point	Antarctica
continent	The Ingrid Christensen Coast is that portion of the coast of Antarctica lying between Jennings Promontory, in 72°33′E, and the western end of the West Ice Shelf in 81°24′E. It is located in the western half of Princess Elizabeth Land, just east of the Amery Ice Shelf.	Ingrid Christensen Coast	Antarctica
continent	Helen Glacier Tongue (66°33′S 94°0′E) is a glacier tongue which extends seaward from Helen Glacier on the coast of Antarctica.	Helen Glacier Tongue	Antarctica
continent	Madrid Dome (Bulgarian: купол Мадрид, ``Kupol Madrid'' \'ku-pol ma-'drid\) is the ice dome rising to 1650 m at the southwest extremity of Aristotle Mountains on Oscar II Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Madrid Dome	Antarctica
continent	Grotto Island is a narrow island 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) long with a serrated coastline, lying 0.1 nautical miles (0.2 km) north of Galindez Island in the Argentine Islands, Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Grotto Island	Antarctica
continent	Crutch Peaks is a dark, rocky ridge extending 900 m in north-south direction and rising to 275 m in the north extremity of Dryanovo Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Crutch Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Hélène Island is a small rocky island 370 metres (0.2 nmi) northwest of Ifo Island marking the west end of the Géologie Archipelago in Antarctica.	Hélène Island	Antarctica
continent	Gateway Nunatak (77°1′S 160°15′E) is a prominent nunatak near the head of Mackay Glacier, standing 9 nautical miles (17 km) west of Mount Gran, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Gateway Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Burkett Nunatak (72°42′S 162°14′E) is a nunatak, 2,180 metres (7,150 ft) high, standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) east of Minaret Nunatak, in the Monument Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Burkett Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Hargreaves Glacier (69°46′S 74°20′E) is a glacier 2 nautical miles (4 km) west of Mount Caroline Mikkelsen on the Ingrid Christensen Coast of Antarctica.	Hargreaves Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Mackellar Islands, also MacKellar Islets, are a group of about 30 small islands and rocks lying 3 kilometres (1.5 nmi) north of Cape Denison in the center of Commonwealth Bay, Antarctica.	Mackellar Islands	Antarctica
continent	The Dunedin Range (71°24′S 167°54′E) is a northwest-trending mountain range, 37 km (23 mi) long and 3 to 6 km (2 to 4 mi) wide, located 8 km east of Lyttelton Range in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Dunedin Range	Antarctica
continent	Cape Mikhaylov (66°54′S 118°32′E) is an ice-covered point about 42 nautical miles (78 km) east of Totten Glacier, Wilkes Land, Antarctica.	Cape Mikhaylov	Antarctica
continent	Horseshoe Harbour (67°36′S 62°52′E) is a harbour in Holme Bay, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica, formed by the horseshoe-shaped rock projections of West Arm and East Arm.	Horseshoe Harbour	Antarctica
continent	Ferrer Point is a point projecting 700 m into the south part of Discovery Bay, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica with an adjacent ice-free area of 24 hectares (59 acres).	Ferrer Point	Antarctica
continent	Ravelin Ridge is a ridge which extends north-south and rises to 1400 m (Jerez Peak) in northern Clarence Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Ravelin Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kinntanna Peak (71°53′S 8°21′E) is a sharp peak, 2,725 metres (8,940 ft) high, about 1 nautical mile (2 km) north of Holtanna Peak in the eastern part of Fenriskjeften Mountain in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kinntanna Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Ethelwulf (70°2′S 69°34′W) is a mainly ice-covered mountain, 2,590 metres (8,500 ft) high, standing between Mount Egbert and Mount Ethelred at the head of Tumble Glacier, in the Douglas Range of northeast Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Ethelwulf	Antarctica
continent	The Fringe Rocks (66°4′S 65°55′W) are a group of rocks forming the western limit of the Saffery Islands, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Fringe Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Honkala Island is a rocky island, 1.4 kilometres (0.75 nmi) long, at the southeast side of Burnett Island, in the Swain Islands of Antarctica.	Honkala Island	Antarctica
continent	Tufts Pass (69°25′S 70°35′W) is a pass extending in an east-west direction between the Rouen Mountains and the Elgar Uplands in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Tufts Pass	Antarctica
continent	Haffner Pass (69°47′S 71°22′W) is a pass running northeast--southwest and rising to about 500 metres (1,600 ft) between Gilbert Glacier and Mozart Ice Piedmont in northern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Haffner Pass	Antarctica
continent	The Elephant Rocks in Antarctica are a group of three prominent rocks connected by shoals, located between Torgersen Island and the north-west entrance to Arthur Harbour, off the south-west coast of Anvers Island.	Elephant Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The Hydrographer Islands are a prominent group of small islands in the bay just south of Sakellari Peninsula, Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Hydrographer Islands	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lacey (70°11′S 64°43′E) is a high, pyramidal, brown rock mountain with two sharp peaks, standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) west of Mount Béchervaise in the Athos Range, Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Lacey	Antarctica
continent	Quaver Nunatak (71°0′S 70°17′W) is a small nunatak rising to about 250 m, lying in the northernmost exposure of the Walton Mountains, situated in the central portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Quaver Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Manoury Island is an island lying 3 kilometres (1.5 nmi) south of Gand Island at the north end of Schollaert Channel, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Manoury Island	Antarctica
continent	Harter Nunatak (81°14′S 84°54′W) is a small, relatively isolated nunatak lying 4 nautical miles (7 km) northeast of Mount Tidd at the northeast side of the Pirrit Hills in Antarctica.	Harter Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Waesche is a large and prominent mountain of volcanic origin, standing immediately SW of Mount Sidley and marking the southern end of the Executive Committee Range in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Waesche	Antarctica
continent	High Nunatak (80°3′S 82°35′W) is an isolated nunatak 4 nautical miles (7 km) east of the Liberty Hills in the Heritage Range of the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	High Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Honnør Glacier (69°23′S 39°50′E) is a glacier flowing to the east side of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica, to the north of the Byvågåsane Peaks.	Honnør Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hobbs Peak (77°53′S 163°55′E) is a prominent peak, 1,510 metres (4,950 ft) high, on the divide between Hobbs Glacier and Blue Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hobbs Peak	Antarctica
continent	Liston Nunatak (70°54′S 63°45′W) is a large nunatak immediately northwest of Heintz Peak in the Welch Mountains of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Liston Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Pomorie Point (Nos Pomorie \'nos po-'mo-ri-e\) is a point on the coast of McFarlane Strait forming the north side of the entrance to Lister Cove, Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Pomorie Point	Antarctica
continent	Liberty Rocks is a group of four prominent adjacent rocks lying at the north entrance to Nelson Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and extending 430 by 120 m (470 by 131 yd).	Liberty Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Togo (i/ˈtoʊɡoʊ/), officially the Togolese Republic (French: République Togolaise), is a country in West Africa bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north.	Togo	Africa
continent	Hanson Peak (71°21′S 170°18′E) is a small peak, 1,255 metres (4,120 ft) high, 4 nautical miles (7 km) south of Cape Adare in the northern part of Adare Peninsula, Antarctica.	Hanson Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Ohio Range (84°45′S 114°00′W) is a mountain range in the Transantarctic Mountains of Antarctica.	Ohio Range	Antarctica
continent	Cape Lloyd (61°7′S 54°1′W) is a cape which forms the north end of Clarence Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica, on the north side of the entrance to Kutela Cove.	Cape Lloyd	Antarctica
continent	Balan Ridge (Bulgarian: хребет Балан, ``Hrebet Balan'' \'hre-bet ba-'lan\) is the ridge rising to 800 m (2,600 ft) in the Sofia University Mountains on Alexander Island in Antarctica.	Balan Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Rossman (79°47′S 82°48′W) is a prominent wedge-shaped, ice-free mountain, 1,450 m, located at the north end of the Enterprise Hills between Union and Henderson Glaciers, in the Heritage Range in Antarctica.	Mount Rossman	Antarctica
continent	Flynn Glacier (81°31′S 159°21′E) is a glacier about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long, draining eastward from Mount Nares in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica, and entering Starshot Glacier south of Kelly Plateau.	Flynn Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The McKinzie Islands are a group of small islands in the northeastern extremity of Cranton Bay, Antarctica.	McKinzie Islands	Antarctica
country	Świba (ˈɕfiba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Świba	Poland
country	The Magdalena River Valley (Spanish: El Valle del Río Magdalena) is a valley in Colombia located within the Colombian Andes mountain ranges.	Magdalena River Valley	Colombia
country of origin	A Time for Drunken Horses (Central Kurdish: کاتێک بۆ مەستیی ئەسپەکان, Persian: زمانی برای مستی اسب‌ها‎‎, Zamani barayé masti asbha, Kurdish: Demek jibo hespên serxweş‎ ) is a 2000 Iranian (Kurdish/Persian) film directed by Bahman Ghobadi and produced in Iran.	A Time for Drunken Horses	Iran
country of origin	Silence in Dreamland (Spanish: Silencio en la tierra de los sueños) is a 2013 Ecuador drama film directed by Tito Molina.	Silence in Dreamland	Ecuador
creator	Saint Luke Drawing the Virgin is an oil and tempera on oak panel painting attributed to the Early Netherlandish artist Rogier van der Weyden.	Saint Luke Drawing the Virgin	Rogier van der Weyden
creator	The Fairy Feller's Master-Stroke is a painting by English artist Richard Dadd.	The Fairy Feller's Master-Stroke	Richard Dadd
creator	Go Set a Watchman is a novel by Harper Lee published on July 14, 2015, by HarperCollins in the United States and William Heinemann in the United Kingdom.	Go Set a Watchman	Harper Lee
creator	Violon et raisins (Violins and Grapes) is a 1912 painting by Pablo Picasso.	Violon et raisins	Pablo Picasso
creator	Valdemar Atterdag holding Visby to ransom, 1361 is a historical painting (oil on canvas, signed in 1882) by the Swedish historical painter Carl Gustaf Hellqvist (1851 -- 1890).	Valdemar Atterdag holding Visby to ransom, 1361	Carl Gustaf Hellqvist
creator	The Finding of Erichthonius is a fragment of a larger painting by Peter Paul Rubens, produced around 1632 or 1633.	The Finding of Erichthonius	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	The Situation Room is a photograph taken by White House photographer Pete Souza in its namesake, the White House Situation Room, at 4:06 pm on May 1, 2011.	Situation Room	Pete Souza
creator	Law & Order is an American police procedural and legal drama television series, created by Dick Wolf and part of the Law & Order franchise.	Law & Order	Dick Wolf
creator	Evening Mood (Humeur Nocturne) is a painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau in 1882, now in the collection of the Havana's Museum of Fine Arts, in Cuba.	Evening Mood	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	Mary Magdalen in Ecstasy (1606) is a painting by the Italian artist Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio (1571-1610).	Mary Magdalen in Ecstasy	Caravaggio
creator	Kelewan is one of the fictional worlds described by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts.	Kelewan	Raymond E. Feist	Janny Wurts
creator	Not Going Out is a British television sitcom that has aired on BBC One since 2006, currently starring Lee Mack, Sally Bretton and Katy Wix.	Not Going Out	Lee Mack
creator	Lying Cow is the name of two oil paintings created by Vincent van Gogh around 1882 when he was living at The Hague.	Lying Cow	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy (also known as Billy & Mandy) is an American animated television series created by Maxwell Atoms for Cartoon Network, and the fourteenth of the network's Cartoon Cartoons.	The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy	Maxwell Atoms
creator	The San Marco Altarpiece (also known as Madonna and Saints) is a painting by the Italian early Renaissance painter Fra Angelico, housed in the San Marco Museum of Florence, Italy.	San Marco Altarpiece	Fra Angelico
creator	Goethe in the Roman Campagna is a painting from 1787 by Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein, a German Neoclassical painter, depicting Johann Wolfgang von Goethe whilst the writer was travelling in Italy.	Goethe in the Roman Campagna	Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein
creator	Phantom 2040 is a French-American animated science fiction television series loosely based on the comic strip hero The Phantom, created by Lee Falk.	Phantom 2040	Lee Falk
creator	The BBC Nine O'Clock News was the flagship BBC News programme.	BBC Nine O'Clock News	BBC News
creator	Wainy Days is an internet video series starring David Wain that is hosted on the website, My Damn Channel.	Wainy Days	David Wain
creator	Porthos, Baron du Vallon de Bracieux de Pierrefonds is a fictional character in the novels The Three Musketeers, Twenty Years After and The Vicomte de Bragelonne by Alexandre Dumas, père.	Porthos	Alexandre Dumas
creator	In 1956, a writer from the Perry Mason radio show, Irving Vendig, created a retooled idea for daytime television--and The Edge of Night was born.	The Edge of Night	Irving Vendig
creator	The Portrait of Pietro Aretino is a portrait of the Renaissance poet Pietro Aretino by Titian, painted around 1545, possibly for Cosimo I de' Medici.	Portrait of Pietro Aretino	Titian
creator	The O'Reilly Factor, originally titled The O'Reilly Report from 1996 to 1998 and often called The Factor, is an American cable television news and talk show on the Fox News Channel hosted by political commentator Bill O'Reilly, who often discusses current controversial political issues with guests.	The O'Reilly Factor	Bill O'Reilly
creator	Shearing the Rams is an 1890 painting by the Australian artist Tom Roberts.	Shearing the Rams	Tom Roberts
creator	Absolutely Fabulous, also known as Ab Fab, is a BBC television sitcom created by, written by and starring Jennifer Saunders.	Absolutely Fabulous	Jennifer Saunders
creator	Pumuckl was invented by Ellis Kaut for a radio play series of the Bavarian Radio in 1961.	Pumuckl	Ellis Kaut
creator	The Portinari Altarpiece or Portinari Triptych (c. 1475) is an oil on wood triptych painting by the Flemish painter Hugo van der Goes representing the Adoration of the Shepherds.	Portinari Altarpiece	Hugo van der Goes
creator	A holiday at Mentone is an 1888 painting by the Australian artist Charles Conder.	A holiday at Mentone	Charles Conder
creator	Portrait of a Man with a Medal of Cosimo the Elder, also known as Portrait of a Youth with a Medal, is a tempera painting by Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli.	Portrait of a Man with a Medal of Cosimo the Elder	Sandro Botticelli
creator	The Fairy with Turquoise Hair (Italian: La Fata dai Capelli Turchini) is a fictional character in Carlo Collodi's 1883 book The Adventures of Pinocchio.	The Fairy with Turquoise Hair	Carlo Collodi
creator	The Without Without Title is a painting of Slobodan Peladić made in 1989.	Without Without Title	Slobodan Peladić
creator	Sine Totoo (The Best of Serbisyong Totoo) is a documentary news and public affairs television show in the Philippines aired every Saturday evenings by GMA Network.	Sine Totoo	GMA Network
creator	The Shepherdess (French: Pastourelle) is a painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau completed in 1889.	The Shepherdess	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	The Portrait of a Man with a Roman Medal is a painting by the German-born Flemish artist Hans Memling, dating to c. 1480 and housed in the Royal Museum of Fine Arts, Antwerp, Belgium.	Portrait of a Man with a Roman Medal	Hans Memling
creator	The Rocky Mountains, Lander's Peak is an 1863 landscape oil painting by the German-American painter Albert Bierstadt.	The Rocky Mountains, Lander's Peak	Albert Bierstadt
creator	Every Beating Second is a sculpture designed by artist Janet Echelman.	Every Beating Second	Janet Echelman
creator	The Secret Life of the American Teenager (often shortened to Secret Life) is an American teen drama television series created by Brenda Hampton.	The Secret Life of the American Teenager	Brenda Hampton
creator	La mujer de Judas or The Wife of Judas is a telenovela produced by RCTV in Venezuela in 2002.	La mujer de Judas	RCTV
creator	Play It Again, Charlie Brown is the seventh prime-time animated TV specials based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	Play It Again, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Buster Brown was a comic strip character created in 1902 by Richard F. Outcault.	Buster Brown	Richard F. Outcault
creator	The Honeysuckle Bower (ca. 1609) is a self-portrait of the Flemish Baroque painter Peter Paul Rubens and his first wife Isabella Brant.	Honeysuckle Bower	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	Gare Montparnasse (The Melancholy of Departure) (Italian: La stazione di Montparnasse) (1914) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico.	Gare Montparnasse (The Melancholy of Departure)	Giorgio de Chirico
creator	Independence Day, Volume 1 is the debut mixtape by American singer D. Woods.	Independence Day, Volume 1	D. Woods
creator	The Garden of Eden with the Fall of Man or The Earthly Paradise with the Fall of Adam and Eve is a 1617 painting by Peter Paul Rubens (figures) and Jan Brueghel the Elder (flora and fauna).	The Garden of Eden with the Fall of Man	Peter Paul Rubens	Jan Brueghel the Elder
creator	The Reverend Robert Walker Skating on Duddingston Loch, better known by its shorter title The Skating Minister, is an oil painting allegedly by Sir Henry Raeburn in the National Gallery of Scotland in Edinburgh.	The Skating Minister	Henry Raeburn
creator	Better Call Saul is an American television crime drama series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould.	Better Call Saul	Vince Gilligan	Peter Gould
creator	Two Venetian Ladies is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Vittore Carpaccio.	Two Venetian Ladies	Vittore Carpaccio
creator	The Young Sick Bacchus (Italian: Bacchino Malato), also known as the Sick Bacchus or the Self-Portrait as Bacchus, is an early self-portrait by the Baroque artist Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, dated between 1593 and 1594.	Young Sick Bacchus	Caravaggio
creator	Wand (Wall) is an oil painting by Gerhard Richter executed in 1994.	Wand (Wall)	Gerhard Richter
creator	World Business Report is a television business news programme produced by BBC News and shown on BBC World News and the BBC News channel on weekdays.	World Business Report	BBC World News
creator	The Conversion of Mary Magdalene is an oil painting, an early work by the Italian Renaissance artist based in Venice, Paolo Veronese (1528--1588).	The Conversion of Mary Magdalene	Paolo Veronese
creator	William Rush and His Model is the name given to several paintings by Thomas Eakins, one set from 1876--77 and the other from 1908.	William Rush and His Model	Thomas Eakins
creator	A Young Man in a Fur Cap and a Cuirass (probably a Self Portrait) is a 1654 portrait painting by Carel Fabritius.	Young Man in a Fur Cap	Carel Fabritius
creator	Bear Surprise (often dubbed just ``Surprise!'') is a watercolor painting by American painter/musician John Lurie, the style of which has been described as primitivist and naïve.	Bear Surprise	watercolor painting
creator	Erastus B. Wolcott is a public art work by American artist Francis Herman Packer, located in Lake Park on the east side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Erastus B. Wolcott	Francis Herman Packer
creator	The Changi Murals are a set of five paintings of biblical theme painted by Stanley Warren, a British bombardier and prisoner-of-war (POW) interned at the Changi Prison, during the Japanese occupation of Singapore in World War II (WWII).	Changi Murals	Stanley Warren
creator	Madonna of the Dry Tree (or Our Lady of the Barren Tree) is a small oil-on-oak panel painting dated c. 1462-5 by the Early Netherlandish painter Petrus Christus.	Madonna of the Dry Tree	Petrus Christus
creator	White Center (Yellow, Pink and Lavender on Rose) is an abstract painting by Mark Rothko completed in 1950.	White Center (Yellow, Pink and Lavender on Rose)	Mark Rothko
creator	Argenteuil Basin with a Single Sailboat is an oil on canvas autumn scene of the basin at Argenteuil, painted by French Impressionist artist Claude Monet in 1874.	Argenteuil Basin with a Single Sailboat	Claude Monet
creator	Salvation Mountain was created by local resident Leonard Knight (1931--2014).	Salvation Mountain	Leonard Knight
creator	Portrait of Jan Six is a 1654 painting by the Dutch painter Rembrandt van Rijn.	Portrait of Jan Six	Rembrandt
creator	Rhythm 0 (1974) was a six-hour work of performance art by Serbian artist Marina Abramović in Studio Morra, Naples.	Rhythm 0	Marina Abramović
creator	The Silver Brumby is an Australian animated children's television series written by Jon Stephens and Judy Malmgren based on Elyne Mitchell's Silver Brumby books.	The Silver Brumby	Elyne Mitchell
creator	No. 61 (Rust and Blue) is a 1953 painting by the Russian-American Abstract expressionist artist Mark Rothko.	No. 61 (Rust and Blue)	Mark Rothko
creator	Landscape at Collioure is a painting by Henri Matisse from 1905, part of the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.	Landscape at Collioure	Henri Matisse
creator	S-Files is a defunct show business-oriented television talk show show in the Philippines aired every Sunday afternoons by GMA Network.	S-Files	GMA Network
creator	Alex Cross is a fictional character created by author James Patterson.	Alex Cross	James Patterson
creator	Comics Unleashed is a half-hour comedic talk show produced by the Entertainment Studios production company (formerly CF Entertainment) and hosted by Byron Allen, with John Cramer as announcer and DJ Cobra (or sometimes DJ A1) providing music support.	Comics Unleashed	Byron Allen
creator	Blazing Dragons is the title of a popular British animated series, the brainchild of Monty Python's Terry Jones.	Blazing Dragons	Terry Jones
creator	Reds Legends of Crosley Field is a group of bronze sculptures by artist Tom Tsuchiya, located at the main entrance of Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Reds Legends of Crosley Field	Tom Tsuchiya
creator	El caballero de la mano en el pecho, variously translated into English as The Gentleman with His Hand at His Breast, Gentleman with his Hand on his Chest or The Nobleman with his Hand on his Chest, is an oil painting by El Greco.	El caballero de la mano en el pecho	El Greco
creator	The Annunciation of San Giovanni Valdarno is a painting by Fra Angelico, painted in 1430 to 1432 in tempera on panel.	Annunciation of San Giovanni Valdarno	Fra Angelico
creator	Third Girl is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in November 1966 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company the following year.	Third Girl	Agatha Christie
creator	Three Musicians is the title of two similar collage and oil paintings by Spanish artist Pablo Picasso.	Three Musicians	Pablo Picasso
creator	Self-portrait with Sir Endymion Porter is a self-portrait by Anthony van Dyck, showing him with his patron Sir Endymion Porter.	Self-portrait with Sir Endymion Porter	Anthony van Dyck
creator	The Vision of the Blessed Hermann Joseph or The Mystical Engagement of the Blessed Hermann Joseph to the Virgin Mary is a 1629-30 painting by the Flemish Baroque painter Anthony van Dyck.	The Vision of the Blessed Hermann Joseph	Anthony van Dyck
creator	Heads of Six of Hogarth's Servants is an oil-on-canvas painting by William Hogarth from c. 1750-5.	Hogarth's Servants	William Hogarth
creator	A Just View of the British Stage or Three Heads are Better than One is an unsigned 1724 engraving attributed to the English artist William Hogarth.	A Just View of the British Stage	William Hogarth
date of birth	Inger Berggren (born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm) is a Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson.	Inger Berggren	23 February 1934
date of birth	Georgios Tziallas (Greek: Γεώργιος Τζιάλλας, born 14 July 1987 in Ioannina) is a Greek rower.	Georgios Tziallas	14 July 1987
developer	Shattered Union is a turn-based tactics video game developed by PopTop Software and published by 2K Games in 2005.	Shattered Union	PopTop Software
developer	Ogg is a free, open container format maintained by the Xiph.Org Foundation.	Ogg	Xiph.Org Foundation
developer	Ghost Manor is a horror video game that was released by Xonox in 1983 for the Atari 2600 and the Vic-20.	Ghost Manor	Xonox
developer	Originally, Far Manager was written by Eugene Roshal (the creator of WinRAR), but since 2000 the development is carried on by a team called the Far Group.	Far Manager	Eugene Roshal
developer	Since November 2007 OpenLayers is an Open Source Geospatial Foundation project.	OpenLayers	Open Source Geospatial Foundation
developer	Space Bomber (スペースボンバー) is a shoot 'em up arcade game released in 1998 by Japanese company Psikyo.	Space Bomber	Psikyo
developer	Windows Live Writer, developed by Microsoft, is a desktop blog-publishing application that is part of the Windows Live range of products.	Windows Live Writer	Microsoft
developer	Soul Reaver 2 is an action-adventure game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Eidos Interactive.	Soul Reaver 2	Crystal Dynamics
developer	Xalan is a popular open source software library from the Apache Software Foundation, originally created by IBM under the name LotusXSL, that implements the XSLT 1.0 XML transformation language and the XPath 1.0 language.	Xalan	Apache Software Foundation
developer	Tecmo World Cup '93 is a soccer arcade game released in 1993 by Tecmo for the Sega Master System.	Tecmo World Cup '93	Sega
developer	Little Computer People, also called House-on-a-Disk, is a life simulation game released in 1985 by Activision for the Commodore 64, Sinclair ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST and Apple II. An Amiga version was released in 1987.	Little Computer People	Activision
developer	Conflict Catcher was a popular utility software application for the Mac OS, written by Jeff Robbin and published by Casady & Greene.	Conflict Catcher	Casady & Greene
developer	Space Duel is an arcade game released in 1982 by Atari Inc. It is a direct descendant of the original Asteroids, with asteroids replaced by colorful geometric shapes like cubes, diamonds, and spinning pinwheels.	Space Duel	Atari
developer	Automobili Lamborghini is a 1997 racing video game developed and published by Titus Software for the Nintendo 64.	Automobili Lamborghini	Titus Software
developer	Hockey Allstar Shootout is a WiiWare game developed and produced by Big Blue Bubble.	Hockey Allstar Shootout	Big Blue Bubble
developer	Tron 2.0 is a first-person shooter computer game developed by Monolith Productions.	Tron 2.0	Monolith Productions
developer	JumpStart Advanced 2nd Grade is a personal computer game created by Knowledge Adventure.	JumpStart Advanced 2nd Grade	Knowledge Adventure
developer	Wik and the Fable of Souls is a game developed by Reflexive Entertainment.	Wik and the Fable of Souls	Reflexive Entertainment
developer	Grand Slam Tennis (EA SPORTS グランドスラム テニス) is a tennis video game, developed by EA Canada, and was initially released for the Wii on June 8, 2009.	Grand Slam Tennis	EA Canada
developer	Redline Racer (Suzuki Alstare Extreme Racing for the European and North American Dreamcast release, European Game Boy Color release and Microsoft Windows re-release) is a racing game that was developed by Criterion Games and published by Ubisoft for Microsoft Windows.	Redline Racer	Criterion Games
developer	Farming Simulator is a farming simulation video game series developed by Giants Software.	Farming Simulator	Giants Software
developer	The Journey Down is an episodic adventure video game for Linux, Mac OS X, Microsoft Windows, and iOS by Skygoblin.	The Journey Down	Skygoblin
developer	Gunship 2000 is a helicopter combat flight simulator and is the sequel to Gunship by MicroProse.	Gunship 2000	MicroProse
developer	Resistance 2 is a science fiction first person shooter video game developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 3.	Resistance 2	Insomniac Games
developer	Scribblenauts Unlimited is an emergent action puzzle video game developed by 5th Cell and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment for the Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, Microsoft Windows, iOS and Android.	Scribblenauts Unlimited	5th Cell
developer	Tencent QQ, popularly known as QQ, is an instant messaging software service developed by Chinese company Tencent Holdings Limited.	Tencent QQ	Tencent Holdings
developer	Spellbound! is an educational computer game made and distributed by The Learning Company aimed at teaching spelling, vocabulary, and language development to children ages 7 to 12.	Spellbound!	The Learning Company
developer	Vigilante 8 is a vehicular combat video game developed by Luxoflux and published by Activision, originally released on the PlayStation in 1998.	Vigilante 8	Luxoflux
developer	TouchTone is a 2015 puzzle video game for iOS devices by Mikengreg, a two-person indie game development team made up of Mike Boxleiter and Greg Wohlwend.	TouchTone	Mikengreg
developer	Sid Meier's Civilization V is a 4X video game in the Civilization series developed by Firaxis Games, released on Microsoft Windows in September 2010, OS X on November 23, 2010, and Linux/SteamOS on June 10, 2014.	Civilization V	Firaxis Games
developer	Sajin no Kusari (メタルサーガ ～砂塵の鎖～ Metaru Sāga Sajin no Kusari, Metal Saga: Chain of Sandstorm), is a post-apocalyptic role-playing video game developed by Success and published by Atlus Software and Success.	Metal Saga	Success
developer	Wings of Glory is a World War I combat flight simulator video game for the PC DOS, developed by Origin Systems and published by Electronic Arts in 1994.	Wings of Glory	Origin Systems
developer	GTK+ was subsequently adopted for maintenance by the GNOME Foundation, which uses it in the GNOME desktop environment.	GTK+	GNOME Foundation
developer	Cash Register POS, also known as DHPOS after its creator Dale Harris, is a free Point of sale software program written in QuickBasic.	DHPOS	Dale Harris
developer	Call of Duty 3 is a 2006 first-person shooter video game developed by Treyarch and published by Activision.	Call of Duty 3	Treyarch
developer	Lords of the Realm II is a computer game published by Sierra Entertainment and developed by Impressions Games.	Lords of the Realm II	Impressions Games
developer	Clandestiny, published in 1996 by Virgin Games and developed by Trilobyte, is a video-based puzzle computer game.	Clandestiny	Trilobyte
developer	Space Marauder (known as Burai Senshi Color in Japan) is a horizontal scrolling shooter developed and published by KID in Japan and Agetec in North America for the Game Boy Color.	Space Marauder	KID
developer	As with all games in the series, Wipeout 64 was developed by Liverpudlian developer Psygnosis and was published by Midway Games - marking the first and only time in the Wipeout series where one of the games were not published by Psygnosis or SCE Studio Liverpool (as they are known after 2001).	Wipeout 64	SCE Studio Liverpool
developer	Advent Rising is an action-adventure third-person shooter video game developed by GlyphX Games and published by Majesco Entertainment.	Advent Rising	GlyphX
developer	FIFA 97 (also known as FIFA Soccer 97) is a video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts based on the game of football (soccer).	FIFA 97	EA Canada
developer	Quadrel is a puzzle video game developed by Loriciels and released during June 1991.	Quadrel	Loriciels
developer	Dawn of Magic is an action role-playing computer game developed by SkyFallen Entertainment and released by Deep Silver in April, 2007.	Dawn of Magic	SkyFallen Entertainment
developer	For the game's 10th anniversary in December 2011, War Drum Studios ported Grand Theft Auto III to several iOS and Android devices.	Grand Theft Auto III	War Drum Studios
developer	NASCAR Rumble is a racing game by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation.	NASCAR Rumble	Electronic Arts
developer	Tetris Friends is an online Tetris game developed by Tetris Online, Inc. Registered users are able to compare their scores with their friends and with the entire community.	Tetris Friends	Tetris Online, Inc.
developer	Bulls vs Lakers and the NBA Playoffs is a basketball video game developed by Electronic Arts and released in 1992 exclusively for the Sega Mega Drive.	Bulls vs Lakers and the NBA Playoffs	Electronic Arts
developer	Mega Man Battle Network 2, known as Battle Network Rockman EXE 2 (バトルネットワーク ロックマンエグゼ2 Batoru Nettowāku Rokkuman Eguze Tsū) in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance (GBA) handheld game console.	Mega Man Battle Network 2	Capcom
developer	SimSafari is a construction and management simulation game released by Maxis on March 15, 1998.	SimSafari	Maxis
developer	Raging Fighter, known in Japan as Outburst (アウトバースト) is a 1993 fighting video game developed and published by Konami for the Nintendo Game Boy.	Raging Fighter	Konami
developer	Linus Spacehead's Cosmic Crusade is a video game released in 1992 by Codemasters for the NES.	Linus Spacehead's Cosmic Crusade	Codemasters
developer	Metal Mutant is a side-scrolling action-adventure game developed and published for MS-DOS, Amiga and Atari ST by Silmarils and released in 1991.	Metal Mutant	Silmarils
developer	Knights Contract (ナイツコントラクト) is an action-adventure video game developed by Game Republic, and published by Namco Bandai Games.	Knights Contract	Game Republic
developer	Demon Chaos known in Japan as Ikusagami (戦神, lit. ``War God''), is a video game co-developed by Genki and Now Production for the PlayStation 2 (PS2) home game console.	Demon Chaos	Genki
developer	Space Manbow is a shoot 'em up video game developed and published by Konami for the MSX2 and MSX2+ home computers in 1989.	Space Manbow	Konami
developer	Tiger Woods PGA Tour 14 is a golfing simulation video game that is a part of the PGA Tour series and was developed at EA Tiburon.	Tiger Woods PGA Tour 14	EA Tiburon
developer	Arx Fatalis is a partially open source first-person role-playing video game for the Xbox and Microsoft Windows, released on November 2002 by Arkane Studios, a video game developer based in Lyon, France.	Arx Fatalis	Arkane Studios
developer	Grand Prix Legends (nicknamed GPL) is a computer racing simulator developed by Papyrus Design Group and published in 1998 by Sierra Entertainment.	Grand Prix Legends	Papyrus Design Group
developer	Disney Friends is a simulation and adventure video game released in 2007 by Amaze Entertainment for the Nintendo DS loosely based on several animated Disney films.	Disney Friends	Amaze Entertainment
developer	Rally Bike - known in Japan as Dash Yarou (ダッシュ野郎 lit. ``Dash Rascal''), is a 1988 racing arcade game developed by Toaplan and published by Taito.	Rally Bike	Toaplan
developer	Betrayal at Krondor is a DOS-based role-playing video game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra On-Line in the summer of 1993.	Betrayal at Krondor	Dynamix
developer	Hay Day is a freemium mobile farming game developed and published by Supercell.	Hay Day	Supercell
developer	The Astyanax, known in Japan as The Lord of King (ザ・ロード・オブ・キング), is a side-scrolling action game developed by Aicom released for the arcades by Jaleco.	The Astyanax	Aicom
developer	Battle Gear 4 is an arcade racing game by Taito Corporation released in July 2005.	Battle Gear 4	Taito Corporation
developer	Corpse Killer is a game released for the Sega-CD, Sega-CD 32X, 3DO, Sega Saturn, Windows 95 and Macintosh computers that features live action full motion video in a format similar to other games developed by Digital Pictures.	Corpse Killer	Digital Pictures
developer	Haml was originally introduced by Hampton Catlin with its initial release in 2006 and the work was taken ahead by a few other people.	Haml	Hampton Catlin
developer	Princess Waltz is a Japanese eroge adventure game produced by Pulltop and distributed in English by Peach Princess.	Princess Waltz	Pulltop
developer	3 in Three is a 1989 computer game by Cliff Johnson.	3 in Three	Cliff Johnson
developer	Rise of the Argonauts is a 2008 action role-playing game developed by Liquid Entertainment and published by Codemasters for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.	Rise of the Argonauts	Liquid Entertainment
developer	EXACTO, an acronym of EXtreme ACcuracy Tasked Ordnance, is a sniper rifle being developed for DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency) by Lockheed Martin and Teledyne Scientific & Imaging in November 2008.	EXACTO	Lockheed Martin	Teledyne
developer	Later versions were developed by Haage & Partner (AmigaOS 3.5 and 3.9) and then Hyperion Entertainment (AmigaOS 4.0-4.1).	AmigaOS	Haage & Partner	Hyperion Entertainment
developer	Age of Booty is a downloadable real-time strategy video game created by Certain Affinity and published by Capcom.	Age of Booty	Certain Affinity
developer	Pepsi Invaders (also known as Coke Wins) is a video game for the Atari 2600 platform, based on the popular Space Invaders.	Pepsi Invaders	Atari
developer	The Misadventures of Tron Bonne, known in Japan as Tron ni Kobun (トロンにコブン, lit. ``Tron and Henchmen''), is an action-adventure game that was developed and published by Capcom for the PlayStation.	The Misadventures of Tron Bonne	Capcom
developer	Dinosaur'us is a platform and role-playing video game developed by RFX Interactive and published by Electronic Arts.	Dinosaur'us	RFX Interactive
developer	BS2000 (renamed BS2000/OSD in 1992) is a mainframe computer operating system developed by Fujitsu Technology Solutions.	BS2000	Fujitsu
developer	Tetris Dekaris or Giant Tetris is an arcade game released in Japan by Sega that features a giant version of the classic game Tetris.	Tetris Dekaris	Sega
developer	Forza Motorsport 3 is a racing video game developed for Xbox 360 by Turn 10 Studios.	Forza Motorsport 3	Turn 10 Studios
director	The Crimson City (1928) is an American silent drama film produced by Warner Bros. written by Anthony Coldeway and directed by Archie Mayo.	The Crimson City	Archie Mayo
director	Is Spiritualism a Fraud? (AKA: The Medium Exposed) is a 1906 British short silent drama film, directed by Walter R. Booth (also credited to J.H. Martin), featuring a medium exposed as a fake during a séance.	Is Spiritualism a Fraud?	Walter R. Booth
dissolved or abolished	Vindhya Pradesh was merged into Madhya Pradesh in 1956, following the States Reorganisation Act.	Vindhya Pradesh	1956
dissolved or abolished	The Second Polish Republic, also known as the Second Commonwealth of Poland or interwar Poland, refers to the country of Poland between the First and Second World Wars (1918--1939).	Second Polish Republic	1939
dissolved or abolished	Colonial Brazil (Portuguese: Brasil Colonial) comprises the period from 1500, with the arrival of the Portuguese, until 1815, when Brazil was elevated to a kingdom alongside Portugal as the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves.	Colonial Brazil	1815
dissolved or abolished	From its founding in 1701 to 1918, the Order of the Black Eagle was awarded 407 times, with 57 of these installations during the reign of Friedrich I (1701--1713).	Order of the Black Eagle	1918
dissolved or abolished	Emporiki Autokiniton was seriously affected by problems largely connected with the labor unrest of the 1980s in Greece and production was eventually terminated in 1985, after a failed attempt to produce a jeep and a 2-tonne truck type of own development.	Emporiki Autokiniton	1985
dissolved or abolished	Bank of Boston had a venerable history dating back to 1784, but the merged BankBoston was short-lived, being acquired by Fleet Bank in 1999.	BankBoston	1999
dissolved or abolished	The Lohara dynasty were Hindu rulers of Kashmir between 1003 and approximately 1320.	Lohara dynasty	1320
dissolved or abolished	The kingdom was conquered in 1925 by the neighbouring Sultanate of Nejd under a resurgent House of Saud, creating the Kingdom of Hejaz and Nejd.	Kingdom of Hejaz	1925
dissolved or abolished	Young Poland (Polish: Młoda Polska) was a modernist period in Polish visual arts, literature and music, covering roughly the years between 1890 and 1918.	Young Poland	1918
dissolved or abolished	On March 10, 2010, American Eagle Outfitters announced it would close down its 28 Martin + Osa stores and online store.	Martin + Osa	2010
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Algeciras was a medieval taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain, that existed from 1035 to 1058.	Taifa of Algeciras	1058
dissolved or abolished	The Haarlem schutterij refers to a collective name for the voluntary civic guard of Haarlem, from medieval times up to the Batavian Revolution in 1794, when the guilds of Haarlem were disbanded.	Haarlem schutterij	1794
dissolved or abolished	The Parliament of Northern Ireland was the Home Rule legislature of Northern Ireland, created under the Government of Ireland Act 1920, which sat from 7 June 1921 to 30 March 1972, when it was suspended with the introduction of Direct Rule.	Parliament of Northern Ireland	30 March 1972
dissolved or abolished	On June 21, 1995, seven of the remaining Woodward & Lothrop locations were sold to J. C. Penney and the rest plus the Wanamaker's locations were sold to Lord & Taylor.	Woodward & Lothrop	1995
dissolved or abolished	Hollywood Video ceased operations in May 2010, when Movie Gallery, its parent company, declared Chapter 7 bankruptcy.	Hollywood Video	2010
dissolved or abolished	Empresa de Transporte Aéreo del Perú S.A., usually known as Aeroperú, was a Peruvian airline, serving as flag carrier of Peru from 1973 to 1999.	Aeroperú	1999
dissolved or abolished	Greater Hesse (German: Groß-Hessen) was the provisional name given for a section of German territory created by the US military administration in at the end of World War II. It was formed by the Allied Control Council on 19 September 1945 and became the modern German state of Hesse on 1 December 1946.	Greater Hesse	1946
dissolved or abolished	In 1971 it merged with Dassault to form Avions Marcel Dassault-Breguet Aviation.	Breguet Aviation	1971
dissolved or abolished	Tafnit merged into Likud when Dayan joined the party in mid-2008.	Tafnit	2008
dissolved or abolished	In July 2002, a judge in Youngstown approved the sale of Phar-Mor Inc.'s $141 million in assets and inventory.	Phar-Mor	2002
dissolved or abolished	During the Thirty Years' War the House of Schaumburg had no male heir, and the county was divided into Schaumburg (which became part of Hesse-Kassel) and the County of Schaumburg-Lippe (1640).	Schaumburg	1640
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Tejada was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed only from 1146 to 1150 when it was conquered by the Almohads.	Taifa of Tejada	1150
dissolved or abolished	The World Football League (WFL) was a short-lived American football league that played in 1974 and part of 1975.	World Football League	1975
dissolved or abolished	With falling sales and important figures leaving the company, Software 2000 filed for bankruptcy in 2002.	Software 2000	2002
dissolved or abolished	Founded in 1994 by filmmakers Todd Phillips (Road Trip, Old School) and Andrew Gurland, the New York Underground Film Festival was an annual event that occurred each March at Anthology Film Archives in New York City from 1994 through 2008.	New York Underground Film Festival	2008
dissolved or abolished	In October 2014 the Tajikistan General Authority of Civil Aviation revoked East Air's Air Operator's Certificate (AOC) and the airline went out of business.	East Air	2014
dissolved or abolished	On 26 October 2012, Lufthansa announced that it would terminate its contract with Augsburg Airways (which by then served 35 destinations from Munich Airport with its fleet of 15 aircraft) at the end of the 2013 summer season.	Augsburg Airways	2013
dissolved or abolished	The Soviet Union Olympic football team was the national football team of USSR from 1959 to 1990 in the Soviet Union.	Soviet Union Olympic football team	1990
dissolved or abolished	As a result, South Kasai remained on relatively good terms with the new Congolese government from 1961.	South Kasai	1961
dissolved or abolished	Clann na Talmhan ((ˈkl̪ˠan̪ˠ n̪ˠə t̪ˠal̪ˠuːnˠ), English: Family/Children of the land, but formally known as the National Agricultural Party) was an Irish agrarian political party active between 1939 and 1965.	Clann na Talmhan	1965
dissolved or abolished	Russian America (Russian: Русская Америка, Russkaya Amerika) was the name of the Russian colonial possessions in the Americas from 1733 to 1867.	Russian America	1867
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Yugoslavia (Kraljevina Jugoslavija, Serbian Cyrillic: Краљевина Југославија, ``Kingdom of South Slavia) was a state in Southeast Europe and Central Europe, that existed during the interwar period (1918--1939) and first half of World War II (1939--1943).	Kingdom of Yugoslavia	1943
dissolved or abolished	Team Bianchi was a makeshift team that was put together from the remnants of the Coast team in time for the 2003 Tour de France.	Team Bianchi	2003
dissolved or abolished	Swedish Ingria (Swedish: Svenska Ingermanland, land of Ingaevones) was a dominion of the Swedish Empire from 1583 to 1595 and then again from 1617 to 1721, when it was ceded to the Russian Empire in the Treaty of Nystad.	Swedish Ingria	1721
dissolved or abolished	The Securus was a German automobile manufactured only in 1906.	Securus	1906
dissolved or abolished	Army Group F was disbanded 25 March 1945.	Army Group F	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Holy Roman Empire (Latin: Sacrum Romanum Imperium, German: Heiliges Römisches Reich) was a multi-ethnic complex of territories in central Europe that developed during the Early Middle Ages and continued until its dissolution in 1806.	Holy Roman Empire	1806
dissolved or abolished	In 1890, Cromartyshire was merged with Ross-shire into the administrative county of Ross and Cromarty.	Cromartyshire	1890
dissolved or abolished	The airline changed its name to Nordic European Airlines - NEA at the end of 1996, but by the next year the airline was in financial difficulties and operations were suspended March 1998, with the international business of the airline in receivership.	Nordic European Airlines	1998
dissolved or abolished	On July 15, 2009 Nucleosys was announced to be disbanding.	Nucleosys	2009
dissolved or abolished	Johnnie & Jack were an American country music duo composed of Johnnie Wright (1914--2011) and Jack Anglin (1916--1963).	Johnnie & Jack	1963
dissolved or abolished	The Free Anti Revolutionary Party (in Dutch: Vrij-Antirevolutionaire Partij, VAR) was a Dutch conservative Reformed political party, which existed from 1898 to 1903.	Free Anti Revolutionary Party	1903
dissolved or abolished	The Royal Hungarian Army (Hungarian: Magyar Királyi Honvédség, German: Königlich Ungarische Armee) was the name given to the land forces of the Kingdom of Hungary in the period from 1922 to 1945.	Royal Hungarian Army	1945
dissolved or abolished	Biafra, officially the Republic of Biafra, was a secessionist state in then southeastern Nigeria that existed from 30 May 1967 to 1970, taking its name from the Bight of Biafra (the Atlantic bay to its south).	Biafra	1970
dissolved or abolished	The Free State of Fiume (pronounced (ˈfjume)) was an independent free state which existed between 1920 and 1924.	Free State of Fiume	1924
dissolved or abolished	Team Fakta was a Danish professional road bicycle racing team, which was active in the seasons 1999 to 2003.	Team Fakta	2003
dissolved or abolished	Daimler announced in November 2011 that Maybach would cease to be a brand by 2013 and manufactured the last Maybach vehicle in December 2012.	Maybach	2013
dissolved or abolished	In 2003 BAE Systems Marine was split into separate submarine and surface ship units;	BAE Systems Marine	2003
dissolved or abolished	The Free Republic of Schwarzenberg (German: Freie Republik Schwarzenberg) is a term now used for an unoccupied area in Western Saxony that existed for several weeks after the German capitulation on May 8, 1945.	Free Republic of Schwarzenberg	1945
dissolved or abolished	Its largest, and oldest, division was the Danners 5 & 10 chain of five and dime stores, which it closed in 1985.	Danners	1985
educated at	Edward Strong graduated from Stanford University in 1925, and went on to receive a master's and doctorate in philosophy from Columbia University in 1929 and 1937, respectively.	Edward Strong	Stanford University	Columbia University
educated at	After graduating in 1976, Gabriela von Habsburg studied philosophy for two years at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.	Gabriela von Habsburg	Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
father	Gungsong Gungtsen (Wylie: gung srong gung btsan) was the only known son of Songtsän Gampo (605 or 617? -- 649), the first Tibetan Emperor.	Gungsong Gungtsen	Songtsän Gampo
father	Preben Gylche (30 January 1927 -- 27 February 1945) was a member of the Danish resistance executed by the German occupying power and son of Karl Paul Kristian Gylche.	Preben Gylche	Karl Paul Kristian Gylche
founder	Imperium Europa (``Empire Europe'' in Latin) is a far-right Maltese political party, founded in 2000 by Norman Lowell, who is also its leader.	Imperium Europa	Norman Lowell
founder	Stroukoff Aircraft was an American manufacturer of experimental military transport aircraft, established in 1954 by Michael Stroukoff.	Stroukoff Aircraft	Michael Stroukoff
founder	After being purchased by King Ludwig II of Bavaria the former Herrenchiemsee monastery was converted into a royal residence known as the Old Palace (Altes Schloss), while the king built Herrenchiemsee Palace also known as the New Palace (Neues Schloss), the largest of his palaces.	Herrenchiemsee	Ludwig II of Bavaria
founder	The Canadian Battlefields Memorials Commission was a special commission established by the House of Commons of Canada, on the recommendations of the British Battle Exploits Memorials Committee.	Canadian Battlefields Memorials Commission	House of Commons
founder	The Mackintosh is named after its Scottish inventor Charles Macintosh, though many writers add a letter k (this variant spelling ``Mackintosh'' is now standard ).	Mackintosh	Charles Macintosh
founder	Dogme 95 was an avant-garde filmmaking movement started in 1995 by the Danish directors Lars von Trier and Thomas Vinterberg, who created the ``Dogme 95 Manifesto'' and the ``Vow of Chastity'' (Danish: kyskhedsløfter).	Dogme 95	Lars von Trier	Thomas Vinterberg
founder	Dahn yoga (also known as Dahn Hak or Dahnhak) is a Korean physical exercise system and business founded in 1985 by Ilchi Lee.	Dahn yoga	Ilchi Lee
founder	The Casa di Riposo per Musicisti is a home for retired opera singers and musicians in Milan, northern Italy, founded by the Italian composer Giuseppe Verdi in 1896.	Casa di Riposo per Musicisti	Giuseppe Verdi
founder	Aardvark-Vanaheim is a Canadian independent comic book publisher founded in 1977 by Dave Sim and Deni Loubert.	Aardvark-Vanaheim	Dave Sim	Deni Loubert
founder	ResPublica (from the Latin phrase, res publica meaning 'public thing') is a British independent public policy think tank, founded in 2009 by Phillip Blond.	ResPublica	Phillip Blond
founder	The Hasegawa school (長谷川派, -ha) was a school (style) of Japanese painting founded in the 16th century by Hasegawa Tōhaku and disappearing around the beginning of the 18th century.	Hasegawa school	Hasegawa Tōhaku
founder	International Day of the Girl Child is an international observance day declared by the United Nations; it is also called the Day of the Girl and the International Day of the Girl.	International Day of the Girl Child	United Nations
founder	Founded in 1945 by Gerry Livingston as an export packaging company, Livingston International began under the name Livingston Lumber & Manufacturing Ltd. Over the first few decades, the company grew as it became heavily involved in warehousing and transportation.	Livingston International	Gerry Livingston
founder	Yedioth Ahronoth was established in 1939 by an investor named Gershom Komarov.	Yedioth Ahronoth	Gershom Komarov
founder	Steve Endean, who had worked with a previously established Gay Rights National Lobby from 1978, established the Human Rights Campaign Fund political action committee in 1980.	Human Rights Campaign	Steve Endean
founder	MSD Capital is the investment vehicle owned and controlled by Michael Dell and his family.	MSD Capital	Michael Dell
founder	Davis Entertainment is an American independent film production company, founded by John Davis in 1984.	Davis Entertainment	John Davis
founder	Founder of the Chinese business and finance magazine, Caijing, Hu Shuli was the editor-in-chief for 11 years.	Hu Shuli	Caijing
founder	Packet Tracer is a cross-platform visual simulation program designed by Cisco Systems that allows users to create network topologies and imitate modern computer networks.	Packet Tracer	Cisco Systems
founder	In 1987, Newfoundland businessman Craig Dobbin headed a group that purchased Okanagan Helicopters and Toronto Helicopters and merged them with his own company, Sealand Helicopters to form Canadian Helicopters.	Canadian Helicopters	Craig Dobbin
founder	Syco Music, also known as Syco Records is a British record label founded by Simon Cowell.	Syco Music	Simon Cowell
founder	The organization was founded in 2003 by Thomas Naylor (1936-2012), a former Duke University economics professor and co-author of the 1997 book Downsizing the U.S.A. A 2010 Time article featured the Second Vermont Republic as one of the ``Top 10 Aspiring Nations''.	Second Vermont Republic	Thomas Naylor
founder	The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation (KFF), or just Kaiser Family Foundation, is a U.S.-based non-profit organization, headquartered in Menlo Park, California.	Kaiser Family Foundation	Henry J. Kaiser
founder	Johnson Publishing Company, Inc. is an American publishing company founded in November 1942 by John H. Johnson.	Johnson Publishing Company	John H. Johnson
founder	Astra International is an Indonesian conglomerate company, founded in 1957 basing on a small trading business operated by brothers Tjia Kian Tie and William Soeryadjaya.	Astra International	William Soeryadjaya
founder	In 1993, the HPI Groupe is founded by Hervé du Plessix, and since then he is the President of the company.	HPI Groupe	Hervé du Plessix
founder	Algebris was founded by Davide Serra (from Genoa), a former analyst with Morgan Stanley, and Frenchman Eric Halet, a fund manager for Wellington Investments, in early 2006.	Algebris	Davide Serra
founder	The Korean Friendship Association (Spanish: Asociación Coreana de Amistad), headed by Spanish citizen Alejandro Cao de Benós de Les y Pérez, is a Spain based commercial organisation working in the tourism sector for North Korea.	Korean Friendship Association	Alejandro Cao de Benós de Les y Pérez
founder	The Hawthornden Prize is a British literary award that was established in 1919 by Alice Warrender.	Hawthornden Prize	Alice Warrender
founder	The Association française pour l'information scientifique or AFIS (English: French Association for Scientific Information) is an association regulated by the French law of 1901, founded under the leadership of Michel Rouzé in November 1968.	Association française pour l'information scientifique	Michel Rouzé
founder	The International Best Dressed List was founded by fashionista Eleanor Lambert in 1940 as an attempt to boost the reputation of American fashion at the time.	International Best Dressed List	Eleanor Lambert
founder	The idea was first articulated by Martin Dent, a retired lecturer in politics at the University of Keele, who with his friend, retired diplomat William Peters, linked the biblical Jubilee to a modern debt relief programme and founded the Jubilee 2000 campaign in the early 1990s.	Jubilee 2000	Martin Dent	William Peters
founder	The Geffen Film Company (also known as The Geffen Company, The Geffen Film Company, Inc., and later Geffen Pictures) was a film distributor and production company founded by David Geffen, the founder of Geffen Records, and future co-founder of DreamWorks.	The Geffen Film Company	David Geffen
founder	The Association Arcadie, or simply Arcadie, was a French homophile organization established in the early 1950s by André Baudry, an ex-seminarian and philosophy professor.	Arcadie	André Baudry
founder	The Xeric Foundation was established by Peter Laird, co-creator of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.	Xeric Foundation	Peter Laird
founder	DEREVO is a physical theatre company founded by Anton Adasinsky in 1988 in St. Petersburg (former Leningrad), Russia, later in Prague, Czech Republic and now based in Dresden, Germany since 1996.	DEREVO	Anton Adasinsky
founder	The Royal Doulton company began as a partnership between John Doulton, Martha Jones, and John Watts, with a factory at Vauxhall Walk, Lambeth, London trading as Jones, Watts & Doulton in 1815.	Royal Doulton	John Doulton
founder	In 2008, the team started a collaboration with Pete Lomas, MD of Norcott Technologies and David Braben, the co-author of the seminal BBC micro game Elite, and formed the Raspberry Pi Foundation.	Raspberry Pi Foundation	David Braben
founder	Tundra Publishing was a Northampton, Massachusetts-based comic book publisher founded by Kevin Eastman in 1990.	Tundra Publishing	Kevin Eastman
founder	Berry and Wollstonecraft was an Australian business partnership established in 1819 between Alexander Berry and Edward Wollstonecraft.	Berry and Wollstonecraft	Alexander Berry	Edward Wollstonecraft
founder	Caliber Comics or Caliber Press is an American comic book publisher founded in 1989 by Gary Reed.	Caliber Comics	Gary Reed
founder	World AIDS Day is one of the eight official global public health campaigns marked by the World Health Organization (WHO), along with World Health Day, World Blood Donor Day, World Immunization Week, World Tuberculosis Day, World No Tobacco Day, World Malaria Day and World Hepatitis Day.	World AIDS Day	World Health Organization
founder	This was first publicly acknowledged by WWE's owner Vince McMahon in 1989 to avoid taxes from athletic commissions.	WWE	Vince McMahon
founder	The company was founded by Richard Warren Sears and Alvah Curtis Roebuck in 1886; it was previously based in the Sears Tower in Chicago, and is currently headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois.	Sears	Alvah Curtis Roebuck
founder	Elfin Sports Cars Pty Ltd is the current name of the car company which was founded by Garrie Cooper.	Elfin Sports Cars	Garrie Cooper
founder	Tundra Books was founded in 1967 by May Cutler, a Montreal-based writer and editor.	Tundra Books	May Cutler
founder	Reagan Youth is an American punk rock band formed by singer Dave Rubinstein (Dave Insurgent) and guitarist Paul Bakija (Paul Cripple) in Queens, New York in early 1980.	Reagan Youth	Dave Rubinstein
founder	The Tongmenghui, also known as the Chinese United League, United League, Chinese Revolutionary Alliance, Chinese Alliance and United Allegiance Society, was a secret society and underground resistance movement founded by Sun Yat-sen, Song Jiaoren, and others in Tokyo, Japan, on 20 August 1905.	Tongmenghui	Sun Yat-sen	Song Jiaoren
headquarters location	Permeon Biologics, Inc. is a privately held pharmaceutical and biotechnology company in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Permeon Biologics	Cambridge
headquarters location	Anglo American plc is a multinational mining company based in Johannesburg, South Africa and London, United Kingdom.	Anglo American plc	London
inception	Chengdu Neusoft University (CSU, Chinese: 成都东软学院) was founded by Neusoft Corporation and Yida Group in 2003 and is located in Dujiangyan, Chengdu, Sichuan province, China.	Chengdu Neusoft University	2003
inception	Warburg Dillon Read was an investment bank created by the Swiss Bank Corporation (``SBC''), following its 1997 acquisition of S. G. Warburg & Co. which it merged with Dillon, Read & Co., a firm it had acquired in 1995.	Warburg Dillon Read	1997
inception	The Golden Seals are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 1999 and based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	The Golden Seals	1999
inception	Although it can date back to 1859, Pentair was founded in August 1966 as Pentair Industries, Inc., with the name derived from Greek root word ``penta-'' alluding to the companies five founders, and went public several months later.	Pentair	1966
inception	Art&Music Recording was born in 2009 as a Dance record label focused on Progressive House, Electro House, House Music, Future House, Deep house, EDM.	Art&Music Recording	2009
inception	Karben as a unified city was founded in 1970, comprising some smaller villages (Klein-Karben, Gross-Karben, Okarben, Kloppenheim, Rendel, Burg-Gräfenrode, and Petterweil).	Karben	1970
inception	Mastercastle is a heavy metal band formed in 2008 in Italy by the guitar player Pier Gonella and the singer Giorgia Gueglio.	Mastercastle	2008
inception	The Classical Theatre of Harlem is a professional theatre company founded in 1999 at the Harlem School for the Arts.	Classical Theatre of Harlem	1999
inception	Elisabethpol Governorate was created in 1868 from parts of Baku Governorate and Tiflis Governorate.	Elisabethpol Governorate	1868
inception	Rock N Growl Records is a record label founded in 2009 by Axel Wiesenauer based in Berglen, Germany.	Rock N Growl Records	2009
inception	Sunten Electric Equipment Co., Ltd. is a S.A. manufacturing corporation of the People's Republic of China, founded in 1988.	Sunten	1988
inception	Plisskën Festival is an annual music festival in Athens, Greece that started in December 2010.	Plisskën Festival	2010
inception	Václav Havel Award for Human Rights is an international award established in 2013 by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Václav Havel Library and Charta 77 Foundation, annually honouring outstanding civil society human rights activities.	Václav Havel Award for Human Rights	2013
inception	Caustic Eye Productions is a small Charleston, West Virginia based record label and promotions company that was started in August of 2001 by Rod Lanham.	Caustic Eye Productions	2001
inception	The Kominas are a punk-rock band formed in 2005 by Pakistani-Americans living in Boston.	The Kominas	2005
inception	New York Collaborates for Autism (NYCA) is a non-profit organization founded in 2003 to address the needs of people with autism and their families.	New York Collaborates for Autism	2003
inception	Founded in 1991, Hayward Medical Communications has a portfolio of journals targeted at healthcare professionals and patients.	Hayward Medical Communications	1991
inception	Mechanical Poet is a Russian metal band formed in Moscow in 2002.	Mechanical Poet	2002
inception	Nine Lashes is an American Christian rock band from Birmingham, Alabama formed in 2006.	Nine Lashes	2006
inception	Workers' Awaaz was founded in June 1997 by a group of South Asian women activists and domestic workers.	Workers' Awaaz	1997
inception	In-Flight Safety is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2003.	In-Flight Safety	2003
inception	The Rand School of Social Science was formed in New York City by adherents of the Socialist Party of America in 1906.	Rand School of Social Science	1906
inception	505 Games Ltd. is a global publisher of video games founded in 2006, and is a subsidiary of Italian company Digital Bros. S.p.A. The company publishes games globally for leading platforms along with console and handheld systems from Sony, Nintendo, and Microsoft, as well as for mobile devices and social networks.	505 Games	2006
inception	Massimo Volume is an Italian rock group formed in Bologna in 1992.	Massimo Volume	1992
inception	Megalodon Collective (initiated 2014 in Trondheim, Norway) is a jazz septet based in Trondheim, with Norwegian and Swedish musicians.	Megalodon Collective	2014
inception	Pont Aven School of Contemporary Art (PASCA) is an art school founded in 1993 by art historian Caroline Boyle-Turner as an international fine arts program for advanced under-graduate and post-graduate studies.	Pont Aven School of Contemporary Art	1993
inception	Anstey Hill Recreation Park is a 362-hectare (890-acre) protected area established in 1989 and located approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Adelaide, South Australia.	Anstey Hill Recreation Park	1989
inception	The radio station was launched as Radio Cidade in 1992 and changed its name to Cidade FM in 2004.	Cidade FM	1992
inception	The Hong Kong Alliance of Chinese and Expatriates (Chinese:香港中外聯盟) was a small political party in Hong Kong set up in 1994.	Hong Kong Alliance of Chinese and Expatriates	1994
inception	In 2010, Schneider formed Lord Huron as a solo project, recording his first few EPs entirely on his own and steadily adding members to help play in live shows, most of whom he had known since childhood.	Lord Huron	2010
inception	Minecode was established in 2001 as Syntegral, LLC. In 2003, Syntegral, LLC changed its name to Minecode.	Minecode	2001
inception	Sandell Perkins was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1986, shortly before it merged with Travis & Arnold in 1988 to form Travis Perkins.	Travis Perkins	1988
inception	VfV 06 Hildesheim was formed on 1 July 2003 in a merger of the football department of VfV Hildesheim and Borussia 06 Hildesheim.	VfV 06 Hildesheim	2003
inception	AIG/Lincoln is an international real estate development company that was established in 1997 as a strategic partnership between AIG Global Real Estate Investment Corporation and Lincoln Property Company of Dallas, Texas.	AIG/Lincoln	1997
inception	Kelowna Packers 1985 - 1989 Kelowna Spartans 1989 - 1995	Kelowna Spartans	1985
inception	The Fondation Napoléon is a foundation, registered as a French non-profit organisation (reconnue d'utilité publique) on 12 November 1987.	Fondation Napoléon	1987
inception	Astro Awani started broadcasting on 6 September 2007 as part of the revamp of Astro's news division.	Astro Awani	2007
inception	Stolberg-Rossla emerged as a partition of Stolberg-Stolberg in 1706.	Stolberg-Rossla	1706
inception	The New York Woodwind Quintet is an ensemble-in-residence at the Juilliard School in New York City, originally appointed in 1987.	New York Woodwind Quintet	1987
inception	From 2001 to 2011, the Electrofringe Festival was presented as a five-day annual festival in Newcastle, NSW as part of a group of festivals which come together under the banner of This is Not Art (TiNA).	Electrofringe	2001
inception	Republican Party of Crimea (Ukrainian: Республіканська партія Криму, Respublikanska partiya Krymu; Russian: Республиканская партия Крыма, Respublikanskaya partiya Kryma) was a regional separatist political party of Ukraine, that was created in 1992 based on the Republican Movement of Crimea and fought for the incorporation of Crimea into the Russian Federation.	Republican Party of Crimea	1992
inception	Aerfer was an Italian manufacturing company created in 1955 by the merger of IMAM and Officine Ferroviarie Meridionali.	Aerfer	1955
inception	Beta Chi Theta (ΒΧΘ, also Beta Chi) is a nationally recognized cultural interest fraternity, established in 1999 at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).	Beta Chi Theta	1999
inception	The inaugural Maha Music Festival was held on Saturday, August 29, 2009 at Lewis & Clark Landing.	Maha Music Festival	2009
inception	Channel Six Dundee was a Restricted Service Licence television station operated by the Scottish city of Dundee between 2001 and 2002.	Channel Six Dundee	2001
inception	The Duel in the Pool is a swimming event that began in 2003.	Duel in the Pool	2003
inception	In 1909, CNoR incorporated the Duluth, Winnipeg and Pacific Railway, and construction started to achieve access south from Virginia, Minnesota to Duluth, Minnesota.	Duluth, Winnipeg and Pacific Railway	1909
inception	Survation have been conducting research surveys since 2007.	Survation	2007
inception	Spiritual Frontiers Fellowship or SFF was founded by Arthur Ford in 1956.	Spiritual Frontiers Fellowship	1956
inception	Kartel Records is a Malaysian hip-hop record label, dealing predominantly in Hip-Hop/R&B music, founded by rapper/entrepreneur Joe Flizzow in 2005.	Kartel Records	2005
inception	The Noël Coward Society was founded in 1999 to study and promote and enjoy the many aspects of Cowards achievements.	Noël Coward Society	1999
inception	Crioestaminal - Saúde e Tecnologia, SA, was founded in 2003, becoming the first umbilical cord blood bank in the Iberian Peninsula.	Crioestaminal	2003
inception	Formed in 1990 and named after pressure defense in basketball (and some other team sports), Presing were, together with Darkwood Dub and Kanda, Kodža i Nebojša, representatives of the so-called NeoBeo sound, alternative, guitar-based rock music produced in Belgrade in early 1990s.	Presing	1990
inception	Order of the Republika Srpska (Serbian: Orden Republike Srpske, Орден Републике Српске) is the decoration established in Republika Srpska in 1993.	Order of the Republika Srpska	1993
inception	The G20 Research Group was founded by John Kirton in February 2008 as a global network of scholars, students and professionals in the academic, research, business, non-governmental and other communities who follow the work of the G20.	G20 Research Group	2008
inception	From 2002 to 2006, Le Vieux-Longueuil borough stood for what used to be the city of Longueuil from 1969 to 2002.	Le Vieux-Longueuil	2002
inception	PTV4 (Paikallistelevisio) was a Finnish television channel which operated from 1990 to 1997.	PTV4	1990
inception	London-Sire Records was an American-based record label owned by Warner Music Group, created in 1999 with the merging of Sire Records and London Records.	London-Sire Records	1999
inception	After a series of relocations, the team moved to Hartford in 1997 as the Hartford Wolf Pack.	Hartford Wolf Pack	1997
inception	Off the Wall Comedy Empire (also known as Off the Wall Comedy Basement) is a comedy club started by American-born comedian David Klmnick and Jeremy Man Saltan in Jerusalem, Israel, in November 2004.	Off the Wall Comedy Empire	2004
inception	The Diplomats (popularly known as Dipset), are an American hip hop group founded in 1997 by Cam'ron and Jim Jones, in Harlem, New York City.	The Diplomats	1997
inception	The Ottawa Community Housing Corporation is the result of a merger between Ottawa Housing and City Living which took place in 2004.	Ottawa Community Housing Corporation	2004
inception	Kittitian Hill was founded in 2006 by Val Kempadoo, a Trinidad based entrepreneur and leader in sustainability.	Kittitian Hill	2006
inception	The Women's Orchestra of Auschwitz, or the Girls' Orchestra of Auschwitz, was a female orchestra at Auschwitz concentration camp, which was created in June 1943 by a Polish music teacher, Mrs. Zofia Czajkowska, by order of the SS. The members were young female prisoners.	Women's Orchestra of Auschwitz	1943
inception	The Kongu Arts and Science College is an arts and science college in Nanjanapuram, Erode, Tamil Nadu, India, founded in 1994.	Kongu Arts and Science College	1994
inception	Southwest Human Development was founded in 1981 with six staff members, a small budget of $150,000 and a single support program, serving 175 families.	Southwest Human Development	1981
inception	Burning River Roller Derby was started as Burning River Roller Girls in 2006.	Burning River Roller Derby	2006
inception	Designated Model AT-300 Air Tractor, the new aircraft first flew in 1973.	Air Tractor	1973
inception	In January 1992, President Robert Mugabe granted Africa University's Charter by official proclamation.	Africa University	1992
inception	The Asylum Street Spankers, formed in Austin, Texas in 1994, were a band whose music was rooted in early 20th century American musical forms.	Asylum Street Spankers	1994
inception	It was incorporated in early 1980 as Oberoi Constructions which later changed to Oberoi Realty Limited.	Oberoi Realty	1980
inception	Boomdizzle is a record label and social networking and music website founded by rapper LL Cool J in 2008.	Boomdizzle	2008
inception	Lewis Food Town, Inc., doing business as Food Town Grocery Stores, is a chain of grocery stores located in Greater Houston, founded in 1994.	Lewis Food Town	1994
inception	The Adelaide Festival Awards for Literature were established in 1986 and are an initiative of the Government of South Australia, managed through Arts SA. They are granted biennially to the judged-best authors in Australian children's literature, fiction, innovation, non-fiction and poetry.	Adelaide Festival Awards for Literature	1986
inception	Warner Music Vision is a music video company formed in 1991 to make music videos from artists and bands on Warner Bros. Records, Maverick Records, Sire Records, Atlantic Records and other Warner Music Group artists and to release them on video.	Warner Music Vision	1991
inception	The Arab Youth Philharmonic Orchestra is the first pan-Arab youth orchestra, created in 2006.	Arab Youth Philharmonic Orchestra	2006
inception	Birgenair was a Turkish charter airline company established in 1988 with headquarters in Istanbul, Turkey.	Birgenair	1988
inception	Founded in 2003 by Yosef Martin, Merchandize Liquidators initially focused on brokering goods from buyers to private sellers.	Merchandize Liquidators	2003
inception	LA Opera (also known as Los Angeles Opera), which was inaugurated in 1986 with a production of Verdi's Otello starring Plácido Domingo, traces its roots back to the Los Angeles Civic Grand Opera, which was formed in 1948.	Los Angeles Opera	1986
inception	As a result, the Federation of Indian Rationalist Associations was launched on February 7, 1997 at Palakkad, Kerala.	Federation of Indian Rationalist Associations	1997
inception	The company was formed in 2001 by the merger of Atom Corporation and Shockwave.com, Inc. Viacom acquired Atom Entertainment in August 2006 for about $200M.	Atom Entertainment	2001
inception	The Tears were an English rock band, formed in 2004 by ex-Suede bandmates Brett Anderson and Bernard Butler.	The Tears	2004
inception	Established as the Welsh Hockey Union in 1996, by the merger of the Welsh Hockey Association (founded 1896) and the Welsh Women's Hockey Association (founded 1897), it rebranded as Hockey Wales in 2011.	Hockey Wales	1996
inception	Capella de Ministrers is an early music group formed in 1987 in Valencia, Spain by its director, the Valencian musicologist Carles Magraner (viola da gamba).	Capella de Ministrers	1987
inception	BEN Television (Bright Entertainment Network) is a British television channel launched in 2003, aimed mainly at expatriate Africans living in Europe and north Africa.	BEN Television	2003
inception	The National Dental Board of Anesthesiology (NDBA) is an American professional association established in 2001 by the American Dental Society of Anesthesiology.	National Dental Board of Anesthesiology	2001
inception	The label itself began issuing new recordings under the Warner Classics banner in 1991.	Warner Classics	1991
inception	The American College of Radiology (ACR), founded in 1923, is a non-profit professional medical association composed of diagnostic radiologists, radiation oncologists, interventional radiologists, nuclear medicine physicians, and medical physicists.	American College of Radiology	1923
inception	In 1991, Doyle and South-Young were merged, creating the current South-Doyle High School.	South-Doyle High School	1991
inception	Bizzarrini worked since 1964 for Iso Rivolta and developed three models:	Bizzarrini	1964
inception	Phase 4 Films traces its history to Telegenic, a family-oriented film distributor founded in 1996.	Phase 4 Films	1996
inception	Kettleman's Bagel Co. is a privately owned Montreal-style bagel bakery started in 1993.	Kettleman's Bagel Co.	1993
inception	The Armenian General Benevolent Union (AGBU, Armenian: Հայկական Բարեգործական Ընդհանուր Միություն, ՀԲԸՄ, Haykakan Baregortsakan Endhanur Miutyun) is a non-profit Armenian organization established in Cairo, Egypt in 1906.	Armenian General Benevolent Union	1906
inception	The Museum für Moderne Kunst (English: Museum of Modern Art), or short MMK, in Frankfurt, Germany, was founded in 1981.	Museum für Moderne Kunst	1981
inception	Rock TV is an Italian Music TV channel based in Milan, Italy, devoted to Rock, Alternative rock, Heavy metal, Punk rock launched in Italy on SKY Italia channel 718 in 2001.	Rock TV	2001
inception	The Oregon High Desert Grotto was first created in 1989 by Dan Best.	Oregon High Desert Grotto	1989
inception	Blissfields is an annual music festival in Hampshire, England founded by Paul and Mel Bliss in 2001 at Bradley Farm, Bradley, near Alresford.	Blissfields	2001
inception	WBAK came on the air March 7, 1986 as WWFX, a contemporary hit radio station known as ``The Fox'' and owned by Sunnie Silverman, who sold the station to Bruce Mittman, owner of WICE in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, that December.	WBAK	1986
inception	The General German Workers' Association (German: Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiter-Verein, ADAV) was a German political party initiated on 23 May 1863 in Leipzig, Kingdom of Saxony by Ferdinand Lassalle.	General German Workers' Association	1863
inception	TVP Seriale is a public series channel available on cable, satellite and DSL, It was launched in December 2010.	TVP Seriale	2010
inception	AVT Khyber or Khyber TV is a Pakistani-operated Pashto satellite television station in Pakistan, which was launched in July 2004.	AVT Khyber	2004
inception	The predecessor of Energistics was formed in October 1990 by five founding sponsor oil companies:	Energistics	1990
inception	Earthwatch Institute is an international non-profit organization that was founded by Robert A. Citron as Educational Expeditions International in 1971 near Boston (USA).	Earthwatch Institute	1971
inception	DIA-style.com, launched in 2012, is based in London and is part of the DIA Digital a group of online businesses.	DIA-style.com	2012
inception	The community was formed in 1997 with the purchase of 280 acres (1.1 km2) of land in North East Missouri by the Dancing Rabbit Land Trust.	Dancing Rabbit	1997
inception	Automatic Press / VIP is an independent publishing house founded in 2005.	Automatic Press / VIP	2005
inception	The Formula Crane 45 was a single-seater racing series held at Autopolis in 1991 and 1992.	Formula Crane 45	1991
inception	The Armenian American Wellness Center, in Armenia, is a humanitarian project of the Armenian American Cultural Association (AACA), a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization incorporated in Arlington, Virginia in February 1995.	Armenian American Wellness Center	1995
inception	Research psychiatrist E. Fuller Torrey, M.D., founded the Treatment Advocacy Center in 1998 as a function of the National Association on Mental Illness (NAMI).	Treatment Advocacy Center	1998
inception	The Grandes Heures de Rohan (French = The Grand Hours of Rohan; Bibliothèque Nationale, Paris, M.S. Latin 9471; commonly known as The Rohan Hours) is an illuminated manuscript book of hours, painted by the anonymous artist, the Rohan Master, between 1430 and 1435, in the Gothic style.	Rohan Hours	1430
inception	Dødheimsgard (also known as DHG) is a Norwegian extreme metal band formed in 1994.	Dødheimsgard	1994
inception	The Ripps are an English alternative pop punk band from Coventry that formed in 2003.	The Ripps	2003
inception	The Toilet Böys formed in 1995 and their first show was as opening act for Deborah Harry, who performed with her own band at the rock club, Don Hill's, in NYC.	Toilet Böys	1995
inception	The Bruton Museum Society was formed in 1989 and involved the community and local schools in the development of the collection of local artefacts.	Bruton Museum	1989
inception	Month of Photography Asia (also known as MOPA and MOPAsia) was an international festival of photography in Singapore from 2002 to 2011.	Month of Photography Asia	2002
inception	The team was established in 1928 as Werks-TuS Helene Altenessen and in 1934 merged with TuS Sälzer-Amalie Essen to form Turn- und Sportverein Helene Altenessen .	TuS Helene Altenessen	1928
inception	The Bitola Zoo, is a zoo in Bitola, Macedonia, founded on 1 May 1950 with the help of the Skopje's, Zagreb's, Belgrade's and Subotica's zoos.	Bitola Zoo	1950
inception	Cold Cold Hearts was a punk rock band formed in Washington, D.C. in 1995.	Cold Cold Hearts	1995
inception	General Foods Corporation organized a prize management structure and in 1986 announced the founding of the General Foods World Food Prize.	World Food Prize	1986
inception	The Porsche Carrera Cup Germany, also known as Porsche Carrera Cup Deutschland, between 1986-1989 as Porsche 944 Turbo Cup; is a one-make racing series by Porsche based in Germany.	Porsche Carrera Cup Germany	1986
inception	Formula Future Fiat was an open wheel racing founded in 2010 by Felipe Massa and his family.	Formula Future Fiat	2010
inception	J Brand was co-founded by Jeff Rudes in 2004 on the premise of creating the perfect fitting jean that was classic, sophisticated and timeless.	J Brand	2004
inception	Unterwalden was one of the three participants in the foundation of the Old Swiss Confederacy, named in the Pact of Brunnen of 1315 with Uri and Schwyz.	Unterwalden	1315
inception	The International Latin Music Hall of Fame (ILMHF) was an annual event established in 1999 and held in New York City to honor artists who have largely contributed to the Latin music genre.	International Latin Music Hall of Fame	1999
inception	The 4Syte TV Music Video Awards were established in 2009 by 4syte Tv to celebrate and award the best music videos in Ghana.	4Syte TV Music Video Awards	2009
inception	RichGirl was formed with the help of Rich Harrison, and signed to his label Richcraft, and Jive Records in 2007.	RichGirl	2007
inception	In 2002, after a one-year hiatus, the festival moved to Lausanne with the support of the Swiss Film Archive, for the first official edition of the Lausanne Underground Film and Music Festival, drawing 4,000 spectators.	Lausanne Underground Film and Music Festival	2002
inception	The Pyramid Party of India was founded on 25 February 1999 by Brahmarshi Patriji.	Pyramid Party of India	1999
inception	The Friends Committee on National Legislation (FCNL) is a lobbying organization in the public interest founded in 1943 by members of the Religious Society of Friends.	Friends Committee on National Legislation	1943
inception	O.A.R. (short for Of a Revolution) is an American rock, jam band founded in 1996 in Rockville, Maryland.	O.A.R.	1996
inception	Construction of Pielisensuu Church was completed in 1960.	Pielisensuu Church	1960
inception	Hands-On Mobile is a wireless entertainment company, established in 2001.	Hands-On Mobile	2001
inception	The Google Founders' Award was a special award for entrepreneurial achievement awarded to groups at Google Inc. The awards are given in the form of stock grants, and the program was initiated in 2004 by Google founders Sergey Brin and Lawrence E. Page to reward groups.	Google Founders' Award	2004
inception	Burntwood Barbarians are a rugby league club founded in 2006, as part of the Burntwood Rugby Club Sports Association.	Burntwood Barbarians	2006
inception	The first version of CKEditor, under the name FCKeditor, was released in March 2003 by Frederico Caldeira Knabben, the creator of the editor and the project's Benevolent Dictator for Life.	CKEditor	2003
inception	The Asian Pacific American Medical Student Association (APAMSA), founded in 1995, is the nation's largest organization representing Asian Pacific American (APA) medical students.	Asian Pacific American Medical Student Association	1995
inception	The Corps Suevia Freiburg is one of the oldest German Student Corps, a Studentenverbindung or student corporation founded by 13 students at the Albert Ludwigs University of Freiburg on June 21, 1815.	Corps Suevia Freiburg	1815
inception	Caravan Pictures was founded by Roger Birnbaum and Joe Roth as a production company at Disney in 1992 to fill the Disney Studios' then yearly 50 to 60 production and distribution slots.	Caravan Pictures	1992
inception	Al-Aqsa Islamic Bank was established by Hamas in the Palestinian territories in 1997 to serve as the organization's financial arm.	Al-Aqsa Islamic Bank	1997
inception	Originally called the American Tap Dance Orchestra (ATDO), the American Tap Dance Foundation was founded in 1986 by tap dancers Brenda Bufalino, Tony Waag, and Charles ``Honi'' Coles.	American Tap Dance Foundation	1986
inception	Polite Sleeper was formed in the spring of 2007 by Jason Orlovich and Tim Wilson in Brooklyn, NY.	Polite Sleeper	2007
inception	In 2005, Lisa Arie founded Vista Caballo, LLC, her 160-acre ranch, along with her husband Jess Arie.	Vista Caballo	2005
inception	From 2001 to 2013, Extreme Talk broadcast over XM Satellite Radio.	Extreme Talk	2001
inception	The All-Workers Militant Front (Greek: Πανεργατικό Αγωνιστικό Μέτωπο, ΠΑΜΕ, Panergatiko Agonistiko Metopo, PAME) is a coordination centre within the Greek trade union movement, founded on the initiative of Communist Party of Greece trade-unionists in April 1999.	All-Workers Militant Front	1999
inception	Guru Nanak English School was established in 1990 and is managed by Managing Committee of Guru Nanak English School, Varanasi.	Guru Nanak English School, Varanasi	1990
inception	The International Refugee Organization (IRO) was founded on April 20, 1946 to deal with the massive refugee problem created by World War II. A Preparatory Commission began operations fourteen months previously.	International Refugee Organization	1946
inception	The Nobel Peace Center was opened in 2005 by HRH King Harald V of Norway in a ceremony attended by the royal families of Norway and Sweden.	Nobel Peace Center	2005
inception	Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf is the fourth borough of Berlin, formed in an administrative reform with effect from 1 January 2001, by merging the former boroughs of Charlottenburg and Wilmersdorf.	Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf	1 January 2001
inception	The Pin-Ups was an incarnation of the independent band The Pin-Up Girls formed in 1995 by Mondo C. Castro along with Keltscross members Pamela Aquino and Jennifer Tan.	The Pin-Ups	1995
inception	Founded in 2005 by Halli Villegas, Tightrope Books publishes mainly poetry and fiction, as well as non-fiction and anthologies.	Tightrope Books	2005
inception	The Erawan Shrine was built in 1956 as part of the government-owned Erawan Hotel to eliminate the bad karma believed caused by laying the foundations on the wrong date.	Erawan Shrine	1956
inception	The group was established in 1989 as Sleepy Kids; it was renamed in 1999 to Entertainment Rights and was focused on the creation and exploitation of major children's characters and brands.	Entertainment Rights	1989
inception	The September Concert Foundation was incorporated in April 2002 as a 501(c)(3) public charity, inspired a small army of volunteers, and on September 11th 2002 the first September Concert was born.	The September Concert	2002
inception	Slick Idiot was formed by former KMFDM members Günter Schulz and En Esch, following the 1999 breakup of KMFDM.	Slick Idiot	1999
inception	Doublemoon Records, founded in 1998 as an offshoot of Pozitif Productions, is an independent pioneering record label based in Istanbul, Turkey, dedicated to spreading the city's music around the world.	Doublemoon	1998
inception	The Beaverbrook Art Gallery, which opened in 1959 when its founder was 80 years old, was to be the last of these gifts.	Beaverbrook Art Gallery	1959
inception	On December 13, 1951, Bernard and Rita Jacobs put WFMT on the air at 105.9 Megacycles with a classical music/fine arts radio format.	WFMT	1951
inception	Club-Mate (German pronunciation: (ˈklʊp ˈmaːtə)) is a caffeinated carbonated mate-extract beverage made by the Loscher Brewery (Brauerei Loscher) near Münchsteinach, Germany, which originated in 1924.	Club-Mate	1924
inception	Skamander was a Polish group of experimental poets founded in 1918 by Julian Tuwim, Antoni Słonimski, Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz, Kazimierz Wierzyński and Jan Lechoń.	Skamander	1918
inception	Hour of 13 is an American doom metal band that formed in Hickory, North Carolina in 2006 and is currently signed to Earache Records.	Hour of 13	2006
inception	AB Bolinder-Munktell (BM) was a tractor and machines manufacturer founded in Eskilstuna, Sweden in 1932 through the merger of the mechanical companies Bolinder and Munktell.	Bolinder-Munktell	1932
inception	American Atheists was founded in 1963 by Madalyn Murray O'Hair as the Society of Separationists, after the legal cases Abington School District v. Schempp and Murray v. Curlett (1959) which were later consolidated.	American Atheists	1963
inception	Ahora Madrid (Spanish for Now Madrid) is a citizen platform of popular unity, formed as an instrumental party without organic internal life, in order to stand for the municipal elections of 2015 in the city of Madrid.	Ahora Madrid	2015
inception	Chepo F.C. was founded in 1999 under the name of Proyecto 2000, where it gathered young players from around the country aspiring to win a ticket to the Liga Panameña de Fútbol one day.	Chepo F.C.	1999
inception	The Safety Pharmacology Society was incorporated in 2001, at the time when the International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) was issuing ICH S7A a regulatory guidance covering safety pharmacology and writing ICH S7B which is more specific to potential effects of new drugs on cardiac repolarization.	Safety Pharmacology Society	2001
inception	Análise Social (Social Analysis) is a Portuguese peer-reviewed academic journal of social science, published quarterly since 1963 by the Social Sciences Institute of the University of Lisbon.	Análise Social	1963
inception	The Literacy for Life Foundation was formed in 2013 by three prominent Aboriginal leaders namely Pat Anderson, Donna Ah Chee and Jack Beetson, in partnership with leading international construction company Brookfield Multiplex, to drive the National Aboriginal Adult Literacy Campaign across Australia.	Literacy for Life Foundation	2013
inception	Criciúma Esporte Clube was founded on May 13, 1947, as Comerciário Esporte Clube; however the club folded due to a financial crisis in the 1960s.	Criciúma Esporte Clube	1947
inception	Fozzy is an American heavy metal band, formed in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1999 by lead singer Chris Jericho and guitarist Rich Ward.	Fozzy	1999
inception	Correctional Services Corporation (CSC), originally Esmor Correctional Corporation, was a correctional firm founded by James F. Slattery in 1987.	Correctional Services Corporation	1987
inception	The Communion of Reformed Evangelical Churches (CREC), formerly the Confederation of Reformed Evangelical Churches, was founded in 1998 as a body of churches that hold to Reformed (Calvinistic) theology.	Communion of Reformed Evangelical Churches	1998
inception	Ringfest was an annual outdoor music event in Cologne, Germany held for the first time in 1993 and halted in 2006.	Ringfest	1993
inception	Denzil were formed in Bournemouth during 1990 by singer/songwriter Denzil Thomas.	Denzil	1990
inception	The Boxing Writers Association of America (BWAA) was originally formed in 1926 as the Boxing Writers Association of Greater New York.	Boxing Writers Association of America	1926
inception	The Fraser Institute was founded in 1974 by Michael Walker, an economist from the University of Western Ontario, and businessman T. Patrick Boyle, then a vice-president of MacMillan Bloedel.	Fraser Institute	1974
inception	The London boroughs were all created at the same time as Greater London on 1 April 1965 by the London Government Act 1963 and are a type of local government district.	London boroughs	1 April 1965
inception	Atlantic Entertainment Group, also known as Atlantic Releasing Corporation, was an independent film production and distribution company founded by Tom Coleman and Michael Rosenblatt in 1974.	Atlantic Entertainment Group	1974
inception	The National Negro Labor Council (1950--1955) was an advocacy group dedicated to serving the needs and civil rights of black workers.	National Negro Labor Council	1950
inception	Formed in mid 1995, Death Vomit wrote their own death metal material and released a few demos including Spirit of Blasphemy (1998) and Eternally Deprecated (1999).	Death Vomit	1995
inception	In 1986, Arsan changed the institution's name and re-branded the organization as International Bank of Asia (IBA); (港基國際銀行).	International Bank of Asia	1986
inception	Sun Wizard are a band that formed in Vancouver in 2008 by James Younger, Malcolm Jack, and Francesco Lyon.	Sun Wizard	2008
inception	The Queens Historical Society, which was founded in 1968 after a merger with the Kingsland Preservation Commission, is dedicated to preserving the history and heritage of Queens, New York and interpreting the history of the borough as it relates to various historical periods.	Queens Historical Society	1968
inception	Poetic Pilgrimage is a British Muslim hip-hop duo founded in 2002.	Poetic Pilgrimage	2002
inception	The inaugural EVL's Prague Pro was held on 27 October 2012.	EVL's Prague Pro	2012
inception	Moving Shadow was an influential UK-based jungle/drum and bass record label which was started in 1990 by Rob Playford.	Moving Shadow	1990
inception	At an October, 2010 conference in Parabiago, Italy the members of the EAFA voted to change the organisations's name to AFL Europe, to fall in line with the Australian Football League.	AFL Europe	2010
inception	E-Comm was established under the Emergency Communications Corporations Act of 1997.	E-Comm	1997
inception	Saga Petroleum ASA was a Norwegian upstream petroleum company established in 1972 that was acquired by Norsk Hydro in 1999.	Saga Petroleum	1972
inception	The American Party of Florida (APF) was a political party in Florida, United States, that had its roots in an incident involving the Avon Park city council in July 2006.	American Party of Florida	2006
inception	The Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year (Italian: Migliore portiere) was a yearly award organized by the Italian Footballers' Association (AIC) since 1997 to 2010 as part of the Oscar del Calcio awards, given to the goalkeeper who has been considered to have performed the best over the previous Serie A season.	Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year	1997
inception	The Portrait of Kristóf Hegedűs is an 1844 painting by Hungarian painter Jozsef Borsos.	Portrait of Kristóf Hegedűs	1844
inception	The channel was launched on November 1, 2005 as Cinépop (stylized as cinépop until 2008) focusing on feature films from the 1950s to the present.	Cinépop	2005
inception	Phi Sigma Nu (ΦΣΝ) is a Native American fraternity founded on February 13, 1996 at the University of North Carolina at Pembroke.	Phi Sigma Nu	1996
inception	The Iraqi Turkmen Front (Turkish: Irak Türkmen Cephesi, Azerbaijani: İraq Türkman Cəbhəsi, Arabic: الجبهة التركمانية العراقي‎ Al-Jabhat Al-Turkmaniyah Al-Iraqi) is a political movement founded in 1995 which seeks to represent the Turkmen people of Iraq.	Iraqi Turkmen Front	1995
inception	Old HB, known as Hostess Brands from 2009 to 2013 and established in 1930 as Interstate Bakeries Corporation, was a wholesale baker and distributor of bakery products in the United States.	Old HB	1930
inception	The Business Innovation Center of Croatia (Croatian: Poslovno-inovacijski centar Hrvatske) or BICRO is an agency of the Croatian government formed in 1998 and responsible for allocating state funding for research and development projects.	Business Innovation Center of Croatia	1998
inception	The Bay County Sports Hall of Fame (est. 1990 in Bay City, Michigan) is a non-profit organization dedicated to residents and natives of Bay County who have achieved greatness in any sport.	Bay County Sports Hall of Fame	1990
inception	In 1888, a coal seam was discovered and a coal mine under the name of Brakpan Collieries was started.	Brakpan	1888
inception	Rock on the Range debuted in Columbus on May 19, 2007 and in Winnipeg on June 27, 2009.	Rock on the Range	2007
inception	BSRIA was formed in 1955 as the Heating and Ventilating Research Council, later to become the Heating and Ventilating Research Association.	BSRIA	1955
inception	The Tanaka Kikinzoku Group, founded 1885, is a Japanese manufacturer of precious metals materials focussing mainly on products for the electronics, semi conductor and automotive industries.	Tanaka Kikinzoku	1885
inception	Until 1999, KVHT aired the syndicated oldies program ``The Lost 45s'' with Barry Scott.	KVHT	1999
inception	The Special Immigration Appeals Commission (also known by the acronym SIAC) is a superior court of record in the United Kingdom established by the Special Immigration Appeals Commission Act 1997 that deals with appeals from persons deported by the Home Secretary under various statutory powers, and usually related to matters of national security.	Special Immigration Appeals Commission	1997
inception	It was formed in 1993 by the merger of Arthabaska, Saint-Victoire-d'Arthabaska and Victoriaville, with the name of the latter being used for the new merged city.	Victoriaville	1993
inception	In 2003 the So Cal Scorpions began their inaugural season in the city of Temecula, in Riverside County, as the first professional sports team in this city and county.	So Cal Scorpions	2003
inception	LAB Records (pronounced lab) is an independent record label operating from Manchester, England and founded by Mark Orr and Nathen McVittie in 2007.	LAB Records	2007
inception	False Bay High School is a private school in the Strand of the Western Cape province of South Africa, founded by Herman and Lisa Janse van Rensburg in January 1999.	False Bay High School	1999
inception	On January 27, 2001, Barefoot Manner made their first official appearance at the Pour House in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Barefoot Manner	2001
inception	Trans-Radio returned to AM radio in 1994 and launched DWRT-AM (990 kHz, Manila) in 1994, two years before DWRT-FM was sold.	DWRT-AM	1994
inception	1301PE is a gallery in Los Angeles founded by Brian D. Butler in 1992.	1301PE	1992
inception	The existence of Wild Flag was first announced by Carrie Brownstein via a blog post on National Public Radio's All Songs Considered blog, of which she was a contributor, in September 2010.	Wild Flag	2010
inception	In July 1987, Sears began selling the McKids line of children's clothing.	McKids	1987
inception	The Ateliers et Chantiers de France (ACF, Workshops and Shipyards of France) was a major shipyard that was established in Dunkirk, France in 1898.	Ateliers et Chantiers de France	1898
inception	Following the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 its railway system broke up into national railway systems of various former Soviet republics from which the independent Republic of Azerbaijan and the Azerbaijan Railways emerged that year.	Azerbaijan Railways	1991
inception	Incorporated in 1908, Great Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd claims to be the oldest and most established life insurance company in Singapore and Malaysia.	Great Eastern Life	1908
inception	Treateth stars in 2008, when the actual vocalist came in to the band.	Treateth	2008
inception	The PEN/Newman's Own First Amendment Award was an award presented annually from 1993 to 2006 to a U.S. resident who ``fought courageously, despite adversity, to safeguard the First Amendment right to freedom of expression as it applies to the written word.''	PEN/Newman's Own First Amendment Award	1993
inception	The Sree Vidyanikethan Educational Trust was established in 1993 by actor, film producer, Padma Shri recipient and former Rajya Sabha member Mohan Babu.	Sree Vidyanikethan Educational Trust	1993
inception	Undish was a Christian gothic metal band from Oborniki, Poland, formed in 1991.	Undish	1991
inception	The yard was established in 1952 as Gdanska Stocznia Remontowa.	Remontowa	1952
inception	The Youngstown SteelHounds were a professional ice hockey team that participated in the Central Hockey League (CHL) from the 2005--2006 season through the 2007--2008 season.	Youngstown SteelHounds	2005
inception	The University of Nova Gorica grew out of the School of Environmental Sciences founded in 1995 by the urban municipality of Nova Gorica and the Jožef Stefan Institute.	University of Nova Gorica	1995
inception	The Transnational Boxing Rankings Board is an all-volunteer initiative formed in October 2012 with the intention of providing boxing with authoritative top-ten rankings, identifying the singular world champion of every division by unbiased reasoning, and to insist on the sport's reform.	Transnational Boxing Rankings Board	2012
inception	Irkutsk State Linguistic University (Russian: Иркутский государственный лингвистический университет (ИГЛУ)) is a university in Irkutsk, Siberia in eastern Russia founded in 1948.	Irkutsk State Linguistic University	1948
inception	Later, in 1925, the Hurlingham Club Polo Committee was re-designated as the Hurlingham Polo Association.	Hurlingham Polo Association	1925
inception	The League of Lezhë (2 March 1444 -- ca. 1450) was a military alliance of feudal lords in Albania forged in Lezhë on 2 March 1444, initiated and organised under Venetian patronage with Skanderbeg as leader of the regional Albanian and Serbian chieftains united against the Ottoman Empire.	League of Lezhë	1444
inception	The Oyster Point Hotel (or simply ``Oyster Point'') opened in 1986 and was renovated in 2009.	Oyster Point Hotel	1986
inception	Goldfrapp are an English electronic duo from London, formed in 1999.	Goldfrapp	1999
inception	Uitenhage was founded on 25 April 1804 by landdrost (district magistrate) Jacob Glen Cuyler and named in honour of the Cape's Commissioner-General Jacob Abraham Uitenhage de Mist by the Dutch Cape Colony governor, Jan Willem Janssens.	Uitenhage	1804
inception	It was founded by sister Basilea Schlink a German theologian and intellectual who on March 30, 1947, with Erika Madauss founded The Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary in Darmstadt.	Evangelical Sisterhood of Mary	1947
inception	MatterHackers is an Orange County-based company founded in 2012 that supplies 3D printing materials and tools.	MatterHackers	2012
inception	The founder of Stop1984 started the project in 2001 as NGO which is documented in the community of Heise.de (German link).	Stop1984	2001
inception	Asia Pacific Yo-Yo Championships (AP) is Asia's most renowned and premier yo-yo competition organized by Spinworkx, a company based in Singapore since 2003.	Asia Pacific Yo-Yo Championships	2003
inception	Anime Pulse debuted on October 29, 2005.	Anime Pulse	2005
inception	The National Park of American Samoa was established on October 31, 1988 by Public Law 100-571 but the NPS could not buy the land because of traditional communal land system.	National Park of American Samoa	1988
inception	Established in 1994, the Cane River Creole National Historical Park serves to preserve the resources and cultural landscapes of the Cane River region.	Cane River Creole National Historical Park	1994
inception	New Galicia or West Galicia (Polish: Nowa Galicja or Galicja Zachodnia, German: Neugalizien or Westgalizien) was an administrative region of the Austrian Habsburg Monarchy, constituted from the territory annexed in the course of the Third Partition of Poland in 1795.	West Galicia	1795
inception	The Aruban Olympic Committee (Comité Olímpico Arubano) was established in 1985 after Aruba separated from the Netherlands Antilles.	Aruban Olympic Committee	1985
inception	Negative Format is the one-man EBM/trance band of Alex Matheu, started in 1996.	Negative Format	1996
inception	Alphabet Energy is a startup company founded in 2009 at the University of California, Berkeley by thermoelectrics expert Matthew L. Scullin and Peidong Yang.	Alphabet Energy	2009
inception	Istanbul Contemporary Art Museum (iS.CaM) is an independent, artist run museum established in Istanbul in 1997.	Istanbul Contemporary Art Museum	1997
inception	Cominform was a Soviet-dominated organization of Communist parties founded in September 1947 at a conference of Communist party leaders in Szklarska Poręba, Poland.	Cominform	September 1947
inception	The Democratic Colombia Party (Partido Colombia Demócrata) was a political party in Colombia founded in 2003.	Democratic Colombia Party	2003
inception	Nakhichevan-on-Don (Russian: Нахичевань-на-Дону, Naxičevan''-na-Donu), also known as New Nakhichevan (Armenian: Նոր Նախիջևան, Nor Naxiĵevan; as opposed to the ``old'' Nakhichevan), was a city near Rostov-on-Don, in southern Russia founded in 1779 by Armenians from Crimea.	Nakhichevan-on-Don	1779
inception	In 1976, Stallman wrote the first Emacs (``Editor MACroS''), and in 1984, began work on GNU Emacs, to produce a free software alternative to the proprietary Gosling Emacs.	GNU Emacs	1984
inception	It was founded in 1961 with the opening of a paper mill at Lake Baikal, called Baykalsk Paper and Pulp Mills.	Baykalsk	1961
inception	SK Slavia Prague (Czech: SK Slavia Praha, pronounced (ˈslavja ˈpraɦa)) is a Czech professional football club founded in 1892 in the city of Prague.	SK Slavia Prague	1892
inception	New Swabia was explored by Germany in early 1939 and named after that expedition's ship, the Schwabenland, itself named after the German region of Swabia.	New Swabia	1939
inception	Reinheimen National Park (Norwegian: Reinheimen nasjonalpark) is a national park in Norway that was established in 2006.	Reinheimen National Park	2006
inception	The Perpetrators are a Canadian rock / blues band formed in 1999 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	The Perpetrators	1999
inception	Avanti Air (named after the Italian word for ahead) started operations on 1 July 1994.	Avanti Air	1994
inception	Bikes to Rwanda was a non-profit international aid relief organization established in Portland, Oregon, United States in 2006 by Stumptown Coffee Roasters founder and CEO Duane Sorenson following a business trip to visit coffee growers' cooperatives in Rwanda.	Bikes to Rwanda	2006
inception	Şekerspor (1947-1958) Şeker Hilal (1958-1963) Şekerspor (1963-2005) Etimesgut Şekerspor (2005-2010) Beypazarı Şekerspor (2010-2012) Çamlıdere Şekerspor (2012-2013) Şekerspor (2013-2014) Tutap Şekerspor (2014-2015) Turanspor (2015-)	Turanspor	1947
inception	Kafkas University (Turkish: Kafkas Üniversitesi) is a public higher educational institution established on July 11, 1992, in Kars, Eastern Anatolia in Turkey.	Kafkas University	1992
inception	Sweethead is an American alternative rock group formed in 2008.	Sweethead	2008
inception	The first three stores opened in 1986 in Abbotsford, BC and operated under the brand ``Panagopoulos,'' which is the name the chain grew under, until it was rebranded as ``Panago'' in 2000.	Panago	1986
inception	The Industriales de Valencia was a baseball club who played from 1955 through 1968 in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League.	Industriales de Valencia	1955
inception	Launched in 2010, the LET Access Series provides players with an opportunity to compete and progress on to the LET.	LET Access Series	2010
inception	The Department of Education, Science and Training (also called DEST) was an Australian government department that existed between November 2001 and December 2007.	Department of Education, Science and Training	2001
inception	ARA is an organization originally founded as the Academic Research Alliance on February 18, 2001.	Academic Research Alliance	2001
inception	The penalty was sidestepped and the team returned to play after only one year by the dissolution of BVD and subsequent formation of Delbrücker SC in 1950 which began play in the second-class city circuit.	Delbrücker SC	1950
inception	Summer Sundae Fringe Festival (also called the Summer Sundae Fringe) was an annual music festival, running from 2006 to 2010 and held in Leicester, England, which focused on showcasing artistic talents and communities within the city of Leicester.	Summer Sundae Fringe Festival	2006
inception	Cuba Cuba are a Welsh pop-rock band from Cardiff, South Wales, formed in 2007.	Cuba Cuba	2007
inception	It was reorganized again in 1995 into the State United Venture Kavminvodyavia, more commonly known as KMV.	Kavminvodyavia	1995
inception	Starkers! is a monthly naked club night in London since 2003.	Starkers!	2003
inception	Georges had inherited the business from his father, Charles Mochet (1880--1934) under whose leadership it had, after the First World War, produced children's'' pedal cars and, between 1924 and 1934, the 'Vélocar' lightweight, pedal-powered, cycle-car.	Mochet	1924
inception	The Ecologist Union of Romania Party (Partidului Uniunea Ecologistă din România) was a short-lived political party in Romania, active between March and August 2012.	Ecologist Union of Romania Party	2012
inception	Altos Hornos de Vizcaya was an ironworks business that began in 1902 in Bilbao with the merger of three iron and steel businesses:	Altos Hornos de Vizcaya	1902
inception	The Karoo Gemeenskap Party (Afrikaans: Gemeenskap meaning ``community'') is a small South African regional political party which was formed in December 2010.	Karoo Gemeenskap Party	2010
inception	Aborym are an Italian industrial black metal band from Taranto, Apulia, formed in 1993.	Aborym	1993
inception	In 2001, Denny Stark won the first ever Pacific Coast League Pitcher of the Year Award.	Pacific Coast League Pitcher of the Year Award	2001
inception	The Hohenstein Institute was founded in 1946 by Prof. Dr.-Ing. Otto Mecheels, for whom the link between research and practical applications was of prime importance.	Hohenstein Institute	1946
inception	The Joy Formidable is a Welsh alternative rock band, formed in 2007 in North Wales and currently located in London, England.	The Joy Formidable	2007
inception	Founded in 1986, Le Magasin - Centre National d'Art Contemporain is housed in an industrial hall, built for the 1900 Paris World's Fair by the workshops of Gustave Eiffel.	Le Magasin	1986
inception	Graham-Paige was an American automobile manufacturer founded by brothers Joseph B. Graham (September 12, 1882--July 1970), Robert C. Graham (August 1885--October 3, 1967), and Ray A. Graham (May 28, 1887--August 13, 1932) in 1927.	Graham-Paige	1927
inception	Founded in 2008 by Phil Naro, Ed Bernard, William Hare, Troy Feener, Peter Murray, the band released its debut album Druckfarben in 2011.	Druckfarben	2008
inception	The Marianas Trench Marine National Monument is a United States National Monument created by President George W. Bush by the presidential proclamation no. 8335 on January 6, 2009.	Marianas Trench Marine National Monument	2009
inception	The Hamburg Blue Devils were formed in 1992 and began playing non-league football in September 1992.	Hamburg Blue Devils	1992
inception	In 1995, two East Auckland clubs, Pakuranga Town AFC and Howick AFC, amalgamated to form Fencibles United AFC.	Fencibles United	1995
inception	SurveyMonkey is an online survey development cloud-based (``software as a service'') company, founded in 1999 by Ryan Finley.	SurveyMonkey	1999
inception	The Breton Revolutionary Army was created in 1971 as the armed wing of the Front de Liberation Breton (FLB), in English known as the Breton Liberation Front.	Breton Revolutionary Army	1971
inception	Cab Calloway School of the Arts was established in the fall of 1992 after a group of Red Clay parents joined together to investigate what kind of school should be put in the failing Wilmington High School campus.	Cab Calloway School of the Arts	1992
inception	The International GTSprint Series was a grand tourer-style sports car racing founded in 2010 by FG Group, led by Maurizio Flammini, and afterwards by Superstars World of Racing SpA, a company managed by the same group.	International GTSprint Series	2010
inception	Sorry and the Sinatras are a punk rock influenced hard rock band based in both Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and London, United Kingdom, formed in 2007.	Sorry and the Sinatras	2007
inception	The Croatia Summit is an annual international conference held in Dubrovnik, Croatia since 2006 which focuses on Southeastern Europe.	Croatia Summit	2006
inception	The band was founded in 2003 by Tony Asta and Hiran Deraniyagala in Canton, MI, where the childhood best friends and neighbors formed the earliest beginnings of Battlecross while attending Salem High School.	Battlecross	2003
inception	The club was founded in 1993 as a leisure team for workers of the, at that time, car paint shop, Parrillas One.	Parrillas One	1993
inception	Stormcast is an melodic black metal band formed in Nicosia, Cyprus in 2007.	Stormcast	2007
inception	Also known as ``AKPsi'', Alpha Kappa Psi fraternity was founded on October 5, 1904 at New York University, and was incorporated on May 20, 1905.	Alpha Kappa Psi	1904
inception	Founded in 2004, European Group began its operations supplying investment-grade precious metals to localized brick and mortar retailers within the United Kingdom.	European Group	2004
inception	Flanary's 1993 Bay View Series consists of three granite rocks and one chunk of taconite iron ore.	Bay View Series	1993
inception	The Vietnam Film Festival (Vietnamese: Liên hoan phim Việt Nam), founded in 1970, is a film festival of Vietnam.	Vietnam Film Festival	1970
inception	Lawnmower Deth were formed in Ravenshead, Nottinghamshire, England in 1987 by Chris Flint and Joseph Whitaker School mates Pete Lee, Steve Nesfield and Chris Parkes, along with Gavin ``Paddy'' O’Malley from Colwick, Nottingham.	Lawnmower Deth	1987
inception	The Catskill Game Farm was opened in 1933 by Roland Lindemann and was still owned by the Lindemann family, as Catskill Game Farm Inc., at the time of its closing.	Catskill Game Farm	1933
inception	The National Book Festival is an annual American event in Washington, D.C. that the Library of Congress Center for the Book has organized since 2001.	National Book Festival	2001
inception	Lineo was a thin client and embedded systems company spun out of Caldera Thin Clients, on 20 July 1999.	Lineo	1999
inception	The Jewish National Fund (Hebrew: קרן קימת לישראל, Keren Kayemet LeYisrael) (abbreviated as JNF, and sometimes KKL) was founded in 1901 to buy and develop land in Ottoman Palestine (later British Mandate for Palestine, and subsequently Israel and the Palestinian territories) for Jewish settlement.	Jewish National Fund	1901
inception	The Allen Institute for Cell Science is a research institute established by Paul Allen in Seattle, Washington on 8 December 2014.	Allen Institute for Cell Science	2014
inception	Volga Group was established as Volga Resources in 2007, and renamed as Volga Group in June 2013.	Volga Group	2007
inception	SC Kobrin was originally founded in 1992 in the city of Brest as Brestbytkhim Brest.	SC Kobrin	1992
inception	The current club's predecessors have been active since 1945, after many mergers till 1954 when the Koło Sportowe Górnik was founded, which 3 years later, in 1957 became today's Klub Sportowy Górnik Konin, its registration is officially recognised as its founding date.	Górnik Konin	1957
inception	Exxótica is a Brazilian rock band born in 2001 in São Paulo, initially formed by Daniel Iasbeck (vocals/guitar) and ``Reverendo'' Marcelo Rossi (vocals/bass).	Exxótica	2001
inception	Jenny Saléns, established in May 2003, is a dansband from Sweden, scoring successes at the Swedish album chart.	Jenny Saléns	2003
inception	Sports Mogul Inc. is a United States computer game developer and publisher with 5 employees, founded in 1997 by Clay Dreslough.	Sports Mogul	1997
inception	Founded by Michael Ricci in 1995, All About Jazz is maintained by a volunteer staff of writers, editors, and musicians, and provides coverage of all genres of jazz from independent to major record label releases.	All About Jazz	1995
inception	The Rock*A*Teens began work on April 1, 1994 in Cabbagetown.	The Rock*A*Teens	1994
inception	Project Safe Childhood (PSC) is a Department of Justice initiative launched in 2006 that aims to combat the proliferation of technology-facilitated sexual exploitation crimes against children.	Project Safe Childhood	2006
inception	Harley-Davidson India commenced operations in August 2009 and appointed its first dealership in July 2010.	Harley-Davidson India	2009
inception	Skitliv (Norwegian and Swedish for Crap life) is a Norwegian black-/doom metal band founded in 2005 by former Mayhem vocalist Maniac and Shining vocalist Niklas Kvarforth.	Skitliv	2005
inception	Australian International Beer Awards (AIBA) is an annual brewing competition that commenced in 1992.	Australian International Beer Awards	1992
inception	SB LiMotive was a 50:50 joint company of Bosch and Samsung SDI founded in June 2008.	SB LiMotive	2008
inception	Jetcost was founded in 2006 in Paris, France, and was one of the first travel meta-search websites on the French market.	Jetcost	2006
inception	Timeless Festival was a community music festival in Huddersfield, Kirklees, which ran from 2002 to 2005.	Timeless Festival	2002
inception	On July 1, 1961 the Los Angeles City School District and the Los Angeles City High School District merged, forming the Los Angeles Unified School District.	Los Angeles Unified School District	1961
inception	QOOB was an Italian television channel owned by MTV Italy, launched in 2005 and permanently closed in 2009.	QOOB	2005
inception	Luggage Forward was created in 2004 and works in partnership with Federal Express, UPS, DHL and other smaller shippers in order to provide high quality shipping of luggage domestically and internationally.	Luggage Forward	2004
inception	The House of Guerlain was owned and managed by members of the Guerlain family from 1828 to 1994.	Guerlain	1828
inception	Cabramatta International Nines is a rugby league nines tournament held annually in Cabramatta, New South Wales, Australia it was first held in 2003.	Cabramatta International Nines	2003
inception	The Shaky Hands were a Portland, Oregon-based rock group, formed in 2003 by musician Paul Culp, of ``Lonesome Radio Heart'' and Colin Anderson.	The Shaky Hands	2003
inception	Terrabank, N.A. is a South Florida-based bank established in 1985 with local small business as its self-professed target customer.	Terrabank, N.A.	1985
inception	AWARE (Americans Well-informed on Automobile Retailing Economics) is a national nonprofit organization that was formed in 2005 to enhance consumer understanding of the vehicle financing process.	Americans Well-informed on Automobile Retailing Economics	2005
inception	Kol Zimrah is an independent minyan or chavurah founded in 2002, based in New York City and meeting primarily on Manhattan's Upper West Side.	Kol Zimrah	2002
inception	The Air Force District of Washington was constituted and activated, on 1 October 1985.	Air Force District of Washington	1 October 1985
inception	MicroUnity was founded in 1988 by John Moussouris, a physicist trained at Harvard and as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford who previously co-founded MIPS Computer Systems.	MicroUnity	1988
inception	Andover Town F.C. is a football club based in Andover, Hampshire, established in 2013.	Andover Town F.C.	2013
inception	The Freedom and Accord Party (Turkish: Hürriyet ve İtilâf Fırkası), formerly and also known as the Liberal Union or the Liberal Entente, was a liberal Ottoman political party active between 1911 and 1913, during the Second Constitutional Era.	Freedom and Accord Party	1911
inception	In 1935 he moved his base of operations to Santa Ana, California, and in 1950 he incorporated his syndicate as Freedom Newspapers, Inc. It was renamed Freedom Communications in 1993.	Freedom Communications	1950
inception	Dayseeker was formed in 2012 by vocalist Rory Rodriguez, guitarists Alex Polk and Gino Sgambelluri, bassist Andrew Sharp and drummer Mike Karle in Orange near San Diego, California.	Dayseeker	2012
inception	The Mr. T Experience (sometimes abbreviated MTX) is an American punk rock band formed in 1985 in Berkeley, California.	The Mr. T Experience	1985
inception	The first Sueño Verde took place in May 2005 in the eco village Matavenero.	Sueño Verde	2005
inception	The Wurzels were formed in 1966 as a backing group for, and by, singer/songwriter Adge Cutler.	The Wurzels	1966
inception	The American Institute for Free Labor Development (AIFLD) was founded in 1962 by the AFL-CIO in the western hemisphere.	American Institute for Free Labor Development	1962
inception	In 2007, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra launched its in-house record label, CSO Resound.	CSO Resound	2007
inception	Peace Action, was originally founded as SANE in 1957 by Lenore Marshall and Norman Cousins and others in response to the nuclear arms race and the Eisenhower administration's policies on the production and testing of nuclear weapons.	Peace Action	1957
inception	Jacksonville Historical Society (JHS) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in Jacksonville, Florida, begun by 231 charter members on May 3, 1929 at the Carling Hotel.	Jacksonville Historical Society	1929
inception	Secret Sphere is an Italian symphonic power metal band from Alessandria formed by guitarist Aldo Lonobile in July 1997.	Secret Sphere	1997
inception	Kingston Rudieska(킹스턴 루디스카) is a nine-piece South Korean ska band formed in 2004.	Kingston Rudieska	2004
inception	LO-MAX Records is a west London-based independent record label, founded in 2003 and specialising in rock music.	LO-MAX Records	2003
inception	Sinclair Vehicles Ltd was a company formed in March 1983 by Sir Clive Sinclair as a focus for his work in the field of electric vehicles.	Sinclair Vehicles	1983
inception	The Population Media Center is an international non-profit organisation, founded in 1998 by William Ryerson and headquartered in South Burlington, Vermont, USA.	Population Media Center	1998
inception	Iron Savior is a German power metal band that formed in Hamburg, Germany in 1996.	Iron Savior	1996
inception	Lyrical Assault is a Canadian hip hop group, formed in 2002 in Montreal.	Lyrical Assault	2002
inception	Started in April 2005, SpyFu shows the keywords that websites buy on Google Adwords as well as the keywords that websites are showing up for within search results.	SpyFu	2005
inception	The Athens Stock Exchange started trading in 1876.	Athens Stock Exchange	1876
inception	Girlpope (1992--2004) were a band from Buffalo, New York.	Girlpope	1992
inception	Bing & Grøndahl was a Danish porcelain manufacturer founded in 1853 by the sculptor Frederik Vilhelm Grøndahl and merchant brothers Meyer Hermann Bing and Jacob Herman Bing.	Bing & Grøndahl	1853
inception	Wahlströms was a dansband from Vadstena, Sweden, established in 1985.	Wahlströms	1985
inception	Chicago Coalition Against War & Racism (CCAWR) was formed in September 2001 to protest the imminent United States invasion of Afghanistan.	Chicago Coalition Against War & Racism	2001
inception	The Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia (German: Gebiet des Militärbefehlshabers in Serbien) was the area of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia that was placed under a military government of occupation by the Wehrmacht following the invasion, occupation and dismantling of Yugoslavia in April 1941.	Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia	1941
inception	In 2005 Motown Records was merged with the urban artists on Universal Records to create Universal Motown Records, headed by former CEO of Elektra Records Sylvia Rhone, and placed under the newly created umbrella division of Universal Motown Republic Group.	Universal Motown Records	2005
inception	The Mouldy Lovers are an Australian musical group with eight members, which formed in early 2010.	The Mouldy Lovers	2010
inception	Norwegian Air Shuttle (NAS) was founded on 22 January 1993 to take over the regional airline services produced by Busy Bee for Braathens in Western Norway.	Norwegian Air Shuttle	1993
inception	In July 2006, OpenDNS was launched by computer scientist and entrepreneur David Ulevitch, providing recursive DNS resolution to homes, schools, and businesses.	OpenDNS	July 2006
inception	In November 1991, Soliant Health was originally founded as Elite Medical by David Alexander, with the company initially specializing in travel healthcare.	Soliant Health	1991
inception	VfB Eppingen was established as a separate club devoted to football in 1921 and went on to win the local Gau title in 1925.	VfB Eppingen	1921
inception	Marathwada Statutory Development Board (MSDB) is a constitutional body created by Presidential Order in 1994 to develop Marathwada region of Maharashtra and to decrease regional imbalance in development within the state.	Marathwada Statutory Development Board	1994
inception	The World International Piano Competition is a classical piano competition in Santa Fe, New Mexico, which was first held in 2002, and has continued in 2004-2005, 2007-2008, 2010 and 2011.	World International Piano Competition	2002
inception	General National Maritime Transport Company, more commonly known as GNMTC, is a Libyan State Owned Company which was founded in 1975, with a total capital of 1.2 billion Libyan dinars.	General National Maritime Transport Company	1975
inception	The Buffalo International Film Festival was founded in 2003, and takes place in October of each year in Buffalo, New York.	Buffalo International Film Festival	2003
inception	Street Soul Productions (S.S.P) Is a record label established in 2005.	Street Soul Productions	2005
inception	The Western Wei (Chinese: 西魏; pinyin: Xī Wèi) followed the disintegration of the Northern Wei, and ruled northern China from 535 to 556.	Western Wei	535
inception	The station was assigned the WVRV call letters by the FCC on February 22, 2008.	WVRV	2008
inception	Safe Humane Chicago was founded in 2008, and is a nonprofit animal advocacy organization.	Safe Humane Chicago	2008
inception	Eleventyseven (stylized eleventyseven) was an American Christian punk band from Greenville, South Carolina which was formed in 2002.	Eleventyseven	2002
inception	The Liberal South East European Network (LIBSEEN) is a South East European alliance of liberal parties and think tanks in the region, founded in Skopje, Macedonia, in 2008.	Liberal South East European Network	2008
inception	The University of Luxembourg is the only university in Luxembourg, founded on 13 August 2003.	University of Luxembourg	2003
inception	Canal 3 Quimistan is a Christian television station channel that have been broadcasting since 2005 in Quimistan, Honduras.	Canal 3 Quimistan	2005
inception	The Mammal Society was formed in 1954, after an inaugural meeting was held at Birmingham University that year to discuss the need for such a Society.	The Mammal Society	1954
inception	Outta Sight Records, also known as Outta Sight Soul Essentials was formed in the UK in December 2006 as part of the Castle Music family of imprints within the Sanctuary Records Group.	Outta Sight Records	2006
inception	Although Celestial started operating short cruises out of Cyprus in the early 70s, Celestyal Cruises was officially established in 1986 as Louis Cruises when MV Princesa Marissa, its first owned cruise ship, was purchased.	Celestyal Cruises	1986
inception	L'École de la Cambre, more known as La Cambre, is a renowned architecture and visual arts school founded by Henry van de Velde in Brussels in 1926.	La Cambre	1926
inception	The Phi Beta Delta Society (ΦΒΔ) is an international honor society that was founded at California State University, Long Beach in 1986.	Phi Beta Delta	1986
inception	Human Rights Service (HRS) is a Norwegian foundation established in 2001.	Human Rights Service	2001
inception	The Democratic Party of the Philippines is a political party in the Philippines founded in 2010 by Dr. Ernesto G. Ramos.	Democratic Party of the Philippines	2010
inception	Future Media Architects (FMA) is an internet development company founded in 2002.	Future Media Architects	2002
inception	The Kavli Prize was established in 2005 through a joint venture between the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research, and The Kavli Foundation.	Kavli Prize	2005
inception	Gaijinworks is a United States video game publishing company founded by Victor Ireland in July 2006.	Gaijinworks	2006
inception	Furnaceface was a Canadian punk and ska-influenced indie rock band formed in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada which was active from 1989 to 1999.	Furnaceface	1989
inception	The channel was launched as The Paranormal Channel on 9 June 2008, and was rebranded as The Unexplained Channel on 10 August 2009.	Unexplained Channel	2008
inception	Snakk Media is a mobile advertising company founded by Derek Handley and Andrew Jacobs in 2010.	Snakk Media	2010
inception	Not Enough Rope were a five piece folk-rock band that came from Perth, starting in 1994 before their break-up in 2001.	Not Enough Rope	1994
inception	One World Project was a musical supergroup which recorded a song for the 2004 Asian Tsunami relief effort.	One World Project	2004
inception	The People Before Profit Alliance (PBPA) is an Irish political party formed in October 2005.	People Before Profit Alliance	2005
inception	The Foundation for International Business Administration Accreditation (FIBAA) is recognised accreditation body in all German speaking countries (Germany-Switzerland-Austria), FIBAA was founded in 2002 to accredit schools of business.	Foundation for International Business Administration Accreditation	2002
inception	The Toyboize, a boy band, were formed in February 1988 by Scottish pop svengali Rab Morrison who came up with the idea whilst relaxing on holiday in Sri Lanka.	Toyboize	1988
inception	CCB was founded on 1 October 1954 under the name of People's Construction Bank of China (Chinese: 中国人民建设银行; pinyin: Zhōngguó Rénmín Jiànshè Yínháng), and later changed to China Construction Bank on 26 March 1996.	China Construction Bank	1954
inception	The Bradford Thunderbirds was founded in 1999 Bradford Thunderbirds RLFC are an English professional Women's rugby league football team based in Bradford, they play in the Women's Rugby League Conference.	Bradford Thunderbirds	1999
inception	Flemish Eye is a record label started in 2003 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Flemish Eye	2003
inception	Although established in 1974, and founded as a separate company in 1988, Foot Locker is a successor corporation to the F. W. Woolworth Company (``Woolworth's''), as many of its freestanding stores were former Woolworth's locations.	Foot Locker	1974
inception	Parallax Software was started in 1993 by Matt Toschlog and Mike Kulas.	Parallax Software	1993
inception	Malawi Washington Association (MWA) was established in 1994 and is the first association in the United States that was organized to promote and retain Malawi and Malawian culture amongst Malawi's diaspora in the United States and Canada.	Malawi Washington Association	1994
inception	The Madison Museum of Bathroom Tissue was established in 1992, and closed in 2000.	Madison Museum of Bathroom Tissue	1992
inception	The Kingdom of Desmond originated in 1118, based on the Treaty of Glanmire, when the major parts of the prior Kingdom of Munster fractured into the Kingdom of Desmond and the Kingdom of Thomond (Irish: Tuadh-Mhumhain, meaning North Munster).	Kingdom of Desmond	1118
inception	Now a publicly traded Canadian company with global interests, Husky Energy was originally founded in 1938 in Cody, Wyoming, in the United States, as the Husky Refining Company.	Husky Energy	1938
inception	Rustic Overtones is a rock/jazz/funk band from Maine active from 1993--2002 and 2007--present.	Rustic Overtones	1993
inception	Kampfgeschwader 4 ``General Wever'' (KG 4) (Battle Wing 4) was a Luftwaffe bomber unit during World War II. The unit was formed in May 1939.	Kampfgeschwader 4	1939
inception	Kasowitz, Benson, Torres & Friedman is a New York law firm founded in 1993.	Kasowitz, Benson, Torres & Friedman	1993
inception	The Jack Awards began in 2004, and were broadcast on pay TV channel Channel (V) Australia.	Jack Awards	2004
inception	It opened in 1855 as Southwestern Normal School and took the name National Normal University in 1870.	National Normal University	1855
inception	Bitter Lemon Press is a small London-based independent publisher, set up by Francois von Hurter in 2003 which specialises in translated literary crime novels and romans noirs from abroad.	Bitter Lemon Press	2003
inception	In 1995, SP Telecom moved from San Francisco to Denver after acquiring Dallas-based Qwest Communications Corp., a digital microwave system owner, taking over its name and facilities.	Qwest	1995
inception	Dream Evil is a heavy metal band from Sweden, assembled and integrated by renowned musical producer Fredrik Nordström in 1999.	Dream Evil	1999
inception	Founded in February, 2002 as a nongovernmental bank, Parsian Bank now has 288 branches across Iran, 159 of which are in Tehran.	Parsian Bank	2002
inception	Founded in 1989 by Roger Connors and Tom Smith, Partners In Leadership has offices in Arizona, California, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Texas, and Utah.	Partners In Leadership	1989
inception	Solna Vikings was founded on 27 April 1999, when Solna IF announced that it would not continue playing.	Solna Vikings	1999
inception	Peruvian Airlines was founded in November 2007, receiving its Air Operator Certificate from Peru's aviation authority on August 7, 2008.	Peruvian Airlines	2007
inception	Red Sea Air had a fleet of BAC 1-11s The airline operated from 1988 to 2000.	Red Sea Air	1988
inception	The Petite Église (French: Little Church) was a group of French and Belgian Roman Catholics who separated from the main body of the Church in France following the Concordat of 1801 between Pope Pius VII and Napoleon Bonaparte.	Petite Église	1801
inception	2010 - Mourant du Feu & Jeune and Ozannes merge to form Mourant Ozannes.	Mourant Ozannes	2010
inception	Rotters Golf Club is an electro record label set up by DJ Andrew Weatherall in 2001.	Rotters Golf Club	2001
inception	Leprous is a Norwegian progressive metal band formed in 2001 in Notodden, Norway.	Leprous	2001
inception	The Professional Amigos of Comic Art Society (P.A.C.A.S. or PACAS, the Spanish word ``pacas'' meaning ``bundle of goods'') is a defunct American non-profit organization formed by several independent comic book and cartoon creators in 1995.	Professional Amigos of Comic Art Society	1995
inception	The company was restyled as ``Great Rail Journeys'' in 1994.	Great Rail Journeys	1994
inception	Bombshell Rocks is a band that was founded in 1995, in Västerås, Sweden.	Bombshell Rocks	1995
inception	The GlobalPort Batang Pier is a Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) team that first played in the 2012--13 PBA season.	GlobalPort Batang Pier	2012
inception	The Bancroft School of Massage Therapy, located in Worcester, Massachusetts, was founded in 1950 by Henry LaFleur, proprietor of the Bancroft Health Center, a facility specializing in Swedish massage and sports massage since 1938.	Bancroft School of Massage Therapy	1950
inception	Backcountry.com was founded in 1996 with a $2,000 out-of-pocket investment by lifetime friends Jim Holland and John Bresee.	Backcountry.com	1996
inception	The Society for Psychotherapy Research (SPR) is a learned society founded in 1970.	Society for Psychotherapy Research	1970
inception	Two Rivers Press was founded in 1994 by Peter Hay (1951--2003), a local artist.	Two Rivers Press	1994
inception	Origin Pacific Airways was established by Robert Inglis and Nicki Smith in 1996 and started operations in April 1997.	Origin Pacific Airways	1996
inception	SolarLEAP was founded in 2009 by Charles Watson, a young entrepreneur, during a gap year.	SolarLEAP	2009
inception	The Hartford Colonials, originally the New York Sentinels, were a professional American football team that played in the United Football League in its 2009 and 2010 seasons.	Hartford Colonials	2009
inception	The Association for Civil Rights in Israel (ACRI) (Hebrew: האגודה לזכויות האזרח בישראל; Arabic: جمعية حقوق المواطن في اسرائيل) was created in 1972 as a non-profit organization with the mission of protecting human rights and civil rights in Israel and the territories under its control.	Association for Civil Rights in Israel	1972
inception	The Ukrainian National Time Trial Championships is a road cycling competition held since 1997.	Ukrainian National Time Trial Championships	1997
inception	The Unity Alliance (Spanish: Alianza Unidad - AU) was a Nicaraguan electoral alliance of three center left and right parties in the Nicaraguan 1996 elections.	Unity Alliance	1996
inception	The crisis escalation led to the 1991--92 South Ossetia War.	South Ossetia	1991
inception	Digital Realty held its initial public offering in November 2004.	Digital Realty	2004
inception	CEPIC was founded in Berlin in 1993, where it still has its Head Office.	CEPIC	1993
inception	Pop Evil is an American rock band that was formed in North Muskegon, Michigan in 2001 by Leigh Kakaty.	Pop Evil	2001
inception	Íþróttabandalag Akraness (English: Akranes S.C) is an Icelandic sports club founded in 1946 and based in the town of Akranes, west Iceland.	Íþróttabandalag Akraness	1946
inception	The 12m² Sharpie was designed in 1931 by the Kroger Brothers.	12m² Sharpie	1931
inception	The most dramatic advance in the quality of German newspapers came in 1780, with the Neue Zürcher Zeitung.	Neue Zürcher Zeitung	1780
inception	Output Recordings was a British independent record label run by Trevor Jackson, between 1996 and 2006.	Output Recordings	1996
inception	The International Biennale Artists is a worldwide group of over 1200 artists, founded in 2009 by artist Elisha Ben Yitzhak.	International Biennale Artists	2009
inception	Southsound Radio started broadcasting in 2005.	Southsound Radio	2005
inception	The Ottawa Panhandlers' Union (French: Syndicat des clochards d'Ottawa) is a union for panhandlers formed in Ottawa, Canada in early 2003.	Ottawa Panhandlers' Union	2003
inception	Icade was created in 1954 as Société Centrale Immobilière de la Caisse des dépôts by Caisse des dépôts as a subsidiary.	Icade	1954
inception	The Comic Legends Legal Defense Fund is a Canadian nonprofit organization, created in 1987 to protect the free speech rights of comics creators, publishers, retailers, and readers, by helping to cover legal expenses in the defense of cases where its directors feel those issues are at stake.	Comic Legends Legal Defense Fund	1987
inception	My Jealous God were a British Indie music band from South London who had a recording career from 1989 to 1992, first on Rough Trade Records and then Fontana Records.	My Jealous God	1989
inception	E-Liner Airways Inc., better known as DBA (ELA Airlines), was established in 1993.	E-Liner Airways	1993
inception	In 1985, KJJJ-FM flipped to a gold-based Top 40 format known as ``The Fire Station, Arizona's 92 Fire FM'' with new KKFR call letters.	KKFR	1985
inception	Pentland Ferries was founded by its present managing director, Andrew Banks, in 1997.	Pentland Ferries	1997
inception	Bosphorus Airways was a Charter Airline from Turkey that operated for a brief period of time from 1992 to 1993.	Bosphorus Airways	1992
inception	The Peak District National Park became the first national park in the United Kingdom in 1951.	Peak District	1951
inception	Past events have included a robotics competition (2008), a mass robot dance that attracted significant media coverage (2009), a robot artwork exhibition, science fair (2010), the Robogals Science Challenge (2012-) and the Robogals Challenge in the UK (2015-).	Robogals	2008
inception	Rob McGlarry who worked as Senior and later Executive Vice-president of Business Affairs at MLB Network since 2009 was named the network's second President.	MLB Network	2009
inception	The Games Convention, sometimes called the Leipzig Games Convention and abbreviated as GC, was an annual video game event held in Leipzig, Germany, first held in 2002.	Games Convention	2002
inception	The Rogue Lounge, Providence, Rhode Island, 25 --27 April 1997 Terrastock 2:	Terrastock	1997
inception	Global University (GU; Arabic: الجامعة العالمية ‎) is an educational institution established in 1992.	Global University	1992
inception	Technomarket is the brand name of K&K Electronics, a Bulgarian company founded in 1992.	Technomarket	1992
inception	The City of Yarra was formed in 1994 as a result of the amalgamation of the former Cities of Richmond, Collingwood, Fitzroy and part of Carlton North, formerly part of the City of Melbourne and parts of Alphington and Fairfield, previously part of the former City of Northcote.	City of Yarra	1994
inception	CINN-FM began broadcasting in 1988.	CINN-FM	1988
inception	The Midwestern Junior C Hockey League formed in the summer of 2013 due to the realignment of the severely overlapping Southern Ontario Junior Hockey League and Niagara & District Junior C Hockey League.	Midwestern Junior C Hockey League	2013
inception	Bluebella is a British lingerie company founded in 2005 by entrepreneur Emily Bendell.	Bluebella	2005
inception	Nettech was started on December 26, 2002 by Dr. Swapan Purkait, Ph.D. from IIT Kharagpur, an MBA graduate from XIMB and a visiting faculty at Goa Institute of Management.	Nettech	2002
inception	Baba Nation was a Norwegian soul/funk band, founded in the city of Bergen by Jan Erik de Lange Gullaksen in 1990, then by the name Yee ''Ha Wanna Have A Baba.	Baba Nation	1990
inception	They first started playing under the name Neon Trees in late 2005 with five original members, Tyler Glenn and Chris Allen from California, and three veterans of the Utah music scene, bass player Mike Liechty, drummer Jason Gibbons and keyboardist Nathan Evans.	Neon Trees	2005
inception	Naiad Press was founded by partners Barbara Grier and Donna McBride in January 1973, along with Anyda Marchant and Muriel Crawford.	Naiad Press	1973
inception	Process Media is an independent publishing house, the result of a collaboration between Adam Parfrey of Feral House and Jodi Wille of Dilettante Press, founded in 2005 and headquartered in Port Townsend.	Process Media	2005
inception	Nordwind Airlines was founded in August 2008 by the Russian and Turkish branches of tour operator Pegas Touristik, initially operating three Boeing 757-200 aircraft.	Nordwind Airlines	2008
inception	The station was assigned the KFHL call letters on 2003-02-07.	KFHL	2003
inception	The Swiss Broadcasting Corporation (SRG SSR) is the Swiss public broadcasting association, founded in 1931.	Swiss Broadcasting Corporation	1931
inception	Con Anima was originally founded in 1995, and between that date and 1999 gave a number of concerts, mostly at St Mary's Chapel, Blairs, Aberdeen.	Con Anima	1995
inception	The company was established in 2006, following the bankruptcy of Kystlink AS.	Kystlink	2006
inception	Steep Hill Lab is a California based medical cannabis laboratory that opened in late 2007, making it the first medical cannabis lab in the United States.	Steep Hill Lab	2007
inception	The Bennetts Lane Big Band is an Australian large ensemble band playing jazz compositions and improvisations that was formed in 2001 to provide an avenue for original new work.	Bennetts Lane Big Band	2001
inception	Yad L'Achim was formed in 1950 with the stated goal of to ``help new immigrants to the newly born country, and to help them find a suitable religious framework.	Yad L'Achim	1950
inception	The Barking Dogs (often called Les Barking Dogs) is an Anglo-French alternative rock band formed in Paris in 1988 and separated at the end of 1996.	Barking Dogs	1988
inception	WVTT-CD first signed on March 7, 1986 as W20AB on channel 20 by Choice Olean Television, Inc. and was affiliated with the American Christian Television System (ACTS) and Tempo Television.	WVTT-CD	1986
inception	DC Divest was founded in March 2013 by a group of Washington, D.C. residents following a call to action by the non-profit environmental advocacy group 350.org.	DC Divest	2013
inception	Ruby Throat is a British neofolk musical duo formed in 2007 by former Daisy Chainsaw and Queenadreena vocalist KatieJane Garside and guitarist Chris Whittingham.	Ruby Throat	2007
inception	Acuff-Rose Music was an American music publishing firm formed in 1942 by Roy Acuff and Fred Rose in Nashville, Tennessee.	Acuff-Rose Music	1942
inception	Owings Mills Mall was developed by The Rouse Company and opened in July 1986 as Owings Mills Fashion Mall.	Owings Mills Mall	1986
inception	The Bat Motor Manufacturing Co. Ltd was a British motorcycle manufacturer that operated between 1902 and 1926.	Bat Motor Manufacturing Co.	1902
inception	Tourist Resorts (Kerala) Ltd or (TRKL) is a Government of Kerala undertaking under Kerala Tourism Department, established in August 1989 to promote tourism investment and to develop Tourism infrastructure in the Indian state of Kerala.	Tourist Resorts (Kerala)	1989
inception	Philippine American Women Writers and Artists also known as PAWWA was founded in 1991 by a group of seven Filipina writers in Southern California.	Philippine American Women Writers and Artists	1991
inception	God Is an Astronaut is an Irish post-rock band from the Glen of the Downs, County Wicklow, formed in 2002.	God Is an Astronaut	2002
inception	A.C. Temple were an alternative rock band from Sheffield, England, formed in 1985.	A.C. Temple	1985
inception	William Control is an American electronic music project founded in 2008 in Seattle, Washington.	William Control	2008
inception	ModCloth was launched as a website in 2002.	ModCloth	2002
inception	Mine's was started by Tsuzo Niikura in 1985.	Mine's	1985
inception	Sanctifica was a Swedish unblack metal band, formed in 1996, disbanded in 2003.	Sanctifica	1996
inception	Established in March 2010 by brothers Mike and Tom Oristian, LucyPhone was used 70,000 to 80,000 times per month by August 2010.	LucyPhone	2010
inception	The Socialist Revolutionary Party was established in 1902 out of the Northern Union of Socialist Revolutionaries (founded in 1896), bringing together numerous local socialist-revolutionary groups which had been established in the 1890s, most notably Workers' Party of Political Liberation of Russia created by Catherine Breshkovsky and Grigory Gershuni in 1899.	Socialist Revolutionary Party	1902
inception	Walt Mink were an American alternative rock power trio formed in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1989 by guitarist/singer/songwriter John Kimbrough, drummer Joey Waronker and bassist Candice Belanoff.	Walt Mink	1989
inception	The Achucarro Basque Center for Neuroscience is a BERC research center devoted to neuroscience and created by Ikerbasque -- the Basque Foundation for Science and the University of the Basque Country (UPV/EHU) in mid-2012.	Achucarro Basque Center for Neuroscience	2012
inception	Pact for San Marino (Italian: Patto per San Marino) was a centrist coalition of parties for the 2008 general election in San Marino.	Pact for San Marino	2008
inception	The King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery was prior to the visit of King George VI on 24 October 1947 named The Riding Troop, Royal Horse Artillery.	King's Troop, Royal Horse Artillery	1947
inception	The International Penal and Penitentiary Foundation in its current form was established in 1950 as a foundation officially based in Switzerland, and has been approved by the General Assembly of the United Nations.	International Penal and Penitentiary Foundation	1950
inception	The Center for Medical Progress (CMP) is a pro-life organization founded by David Daleiden in 2013.	The Center for Medical Progress	2013
inception	Level Platforms (LPI Level Platforms) was formed in 1999 as an international MSP serving SMBs.	Level Platforms	1999
inception	The name El Viaje de Rose is due to the fact that Ana saw a poster of the film Titanic when they were thinking about the name of the band The band was created in 2004 and Broncano's lyrics have frequent allusions to love and sotial problems.	El Viaje de Rose	2004
inception	Gentiva Health Services was founded on August 6, 1999, when Olsten Corporation split off its healthcare assets to form an independent, public company.	Gentiva Health Services	1999
inception	The Suicide Prevention Action Network USA (SPAN USA) is a 501(c)(3) organization that was founded in 1996 by Gerald and Elsie Weyrauch, whose 34-year-old daughter, Terri, died by suicide.	Suicide Prevention Action Network USA	1996
inception	Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) is a Japanese professional wrestling promotion founded on July 28, 1989 by Atsushi Onita that specialized in hardcore wrestling involving weapons such as barbed wire and fire.	Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling	1989
inception	West Highland College was formed in August 2010 from the merger of Lochaber College (founded in 1998) with Skye & Wester Ross College (dates to 2003).	West Highland College	2010
inception	In 1969 Sandton was promulgated as a municipality in its own right, but lost its status as an independent town after the re-organisation of South African local governments.	Sandton	1969
inception	Black Camaro is an American indie rock band that formed in Las Vegas, Nevada in 2001.	Black Camaro	2001
inception	The Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth (widely referred to as The Modern) was first granted a Charter from the State of Texas in 1892 as the ``Fort Worth Public Library and Art Gallery'', evolving through several name changes and different facilities in Fort Worth.	Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth	1892
inception	Before starting as a university, its predecessor institution was known as a Stamford college group established in 1994, later it was upgraded as private university of Bangladesh in 2002 and appeared as Stamford University Bangladesh.	Stamford University Bangladesh	1994
inception	Mahanagar Telephone Nigam was created by the Government of India in 1986 to oversee the telephone services of Delhi and Mumbai.	Mahanagar Telephone Nigam	1986
inception	The Leeds Brewery is an independent brewery established in June 2007 in Leeds, UK by former local radio presenter Michael Brothwell.	Leeds Brewery	2007
inception	Fars News Agency, a privately owned agency, was founded in 2003.	Fars News Agency	2003
inception	Britânia Sport Club were founded on November 19, 1914, when Leão Foot-Ball Club and Tigre Foot-Ball Club merged.	Britânia Sport Club	1914
inception	Founded in 1881 by fourteen of New York City's first ``environmental activists'', the Staten Island Museum houses artifacts and specimens from ancient to contemporary periods.	Staten Island Museum	1881
inception	Chris Air was a low-fares airline, based in Suceava, Romania which started up and ended in 2005.	Chris Air	2005
inception	DFA Records is an independent record label and production team, launched in September 2001 by Mo' Wax co-founder Tim Goldsworthy, musician James Murphy, and manager Jonathan Galkin.	DFA Records	2001
inception	Indus Air was established in 2004 and started operations on 14 December 2006.	Indus Air	2004
inception	Gustavson led a group called the Scalable Coherent Interface and Serial Express Users, Developers, and Manufacturers Association and maintained a web site for the technology starting in 1996.	Scalable Coherent Interface	1996
inception	The Colony of Tasmania (more commonly referred to simply as ``Tasmania'') was a British colony that existed on the island of Tasmania from 1856 until 1901, when it federated together with the five other Australian colonies to form the Commonwealth of Australia.	Colony of Tasmania	1856
inception	The Sparkletones formed in 1956 at Cowpens High School in Spartanburg when the group's members were between the ages of 13 and 16.	The Sparkletones	1956
inception	The Royal Crown Revue (RCR) is a band formed in 1989 in Los Angeles, California.	Royal Crown Revue	1989
inception	Wrox Press (established in 1992) is a computer book publisher, originally based in Birmingham, England.	Wrox Press	1992
inception	Company was formally established on July 3, 2006 as the result of a merger between CTC Communications and Choice One Communications along with their acquisition of Conversent Communications.	One Communications	2006
inception	In 2004, Josaka started an annual music showcase, held at Reading's South Street Arts Centre until 2006.	Josaka	2006
inception	The first YOTEL was opened in 2007 at London Gatwick, closely followed by one at Heathrow airport, with 46 and 32 'cabins', as they are named, at each, respectively.	YOTEL	2007
inception	Accuphase Laboratory, Inc. (originally known as Kensonic Laboratory, Inc.) is a Japanese high-end audio equipment manufacturer founded by former Kenwood engineer Jiro Kasuga in late 1972.	Accuphase	1972
inception	The Initiative for Interstellar Studies (I4IS) was originally founded in London in 2012 as a not-for-profit unincorporated organisation.	Initiative for Interstellar Studies	2012
inception	The bank's origins can be traced to 1862, when a group of businessmen led by John Paterson formed a bank in London, initially under the name Standard Bank of British South Africa.	Standard Bank	1862
inception	Aun Gallery was established in September 2009 to promote young Iranian artists and support their contribution to Iran's cultural scene.	Aun Gallery	2009
inception	Design Toscano, Inc. is an American-based multinational mail order catalog and electronic commerce company, founded by Michael Stopka in 1989.	Design Toscano	1989
inception	Kampfgeschwader 3 was formed on 1 May 1939 at Fürstenwalde in eastern Germany with Stab.	Kampfgeschwader 3	1939
inception	The Florida State League Hall of Fame was created in 2009 to honor the best players, managers, umpires and executives in the long history of the Florida State League.	Florida State League Hall of Fame	2009
inception	Wellwater Conspiracy was an American rock band that formed in Seattle, Washington in 1993.	Wellwater Conspiracy	1993
inception	In 2002, Kenan Sahin formed TIAX LLC, which acquired the assets, contracts, and staff of Arthur D. Little's Technology & Innovation business for $16.5 million.	TIAX	2002
inception	American artist Tony Smith created Tau (1/3) in 1961--62.	Tau (1/3)	1961
inception	Axerra Networks has been at the forefront of envisioning multiservice using Ethernet, IP and MPLS since before 1999.	Axerra Networks	1999
inception	In 2001, the Buffalo Ridge Rail Authority awarded the operational lease to Minnesota Southern Railway, owned by Brent Polanchek.	Minnesota Southern Railway	2001
inception	UTC Reading is a university technical college (UTC) that opened in Reading, Berkshire, England in September 2013.	UTC Reading	2013
inception	It was initially established in 1997 by the Wintter family.	Wintter	1997
inception	Morgan James Publishing is an American independent book publisher and distributor founded in 2003 in Virginia by David L. Hancock.	Morgan James Publishing	2003
inception	The Wilderness Fund is a Bulgarian non-governmental organization for the conservation, research and restoration of the environment established on 30 October 1989.	Wilderness Fund	1989
inception	The Rain or Shine Elasto Painters are a professional basketball team in the Philippine Basketball Association owned by Asian Coatings Philippines, Inc. It debuted in the league in the 2006--07 PBA season after acquiring the franchise rights of the Shell Turbo Chargers in 2006, which disbanded after the 2004--05 PBA season.	Rain or Shine Elasto Painters	2006
inception	The Community Development and Relief Agency (CODRA) is a Tanzanian Non-Governmental Organisation founded in 2001 to work with the poor or marginalised sections of society and to help them achieve sustainable socio-economic growth.	Community Development and Relief Agency	2001
inception	Philippe Kahn and Sonia-Lee founded LightSurf in 1998 shortly after Kahn created the first camera phone solution sharing pictures instantly on public networks in 1997.	LightSurf	1998
inception	Founded in 1940, it now operates under the Vitasoy International Holdings Limited.	Vitasoy	1940
inception	West 49 was established in 1995 by CEO Sam Baio, who opened three stores in Ontario, Canada.	West 49	1995
inception	Formed in 1998, Rumbleseat released four 7`` records before releasing the full length album, 'Rumbleseat Is Dead', which was released in 2005.	Rumbleseat	1998
inception	Ednaswap was a rock band from Los Angeles, United States, that existed between 1993 and 1998.	Ednaswap	1993
inception	Plateau Systems was founded in 1996 by Paul Sparta, Chairman and CEO, and Brad Cooper, Senior Vice President, Product Strategy -- both of whom still serve as Plateau executives.	Plateau Systems	1996
inception	Star Jalsha was officially launched on 8 September 2008 with Sujay Kutty as CEO and Kevin Vaz as President and General Manager of the channel.	Star Jalsha	2008
inception	In 1992, the Government of Pakistan opened up life insurance to the private sector and EFU was reorganized and EFU Life Assurance Ltd. was incorporated in 1992 as the first private sector life insurance company.	EFU Life	1992
inception	Khorugh State University was founded on August 5, 1992 by the decision of the Cabinet of the Ministers of the Rupublic of Tajikistan, and the same year in September started its first academic year.	Khorugh State University	1992
inception	The Irish Democratic Party is a minor Irish political party formed in 2013.	Irish Democratic Party	2013
inception	Tzukim was founded in 2001 on land vacated by the Bildad army camp.	Tzukim	2001
inception	It was founded in 1985 and is named after the nearby Shaharut Mountain.	Shaharut	1985
inception	Founded in 2011 by Silka and Matt Miesnieks, Dekko has raised $3.2 million in early funding rounds.	Dekko	2011
inception	Dr. Skovronsky established Avid Radiopharmaceuticals in July 2005 with the goal of finding a dye that could be injected into the body, would cross the blood--brain barrier and attach itself to amyloid protein deposits in the brain.	Avid Radiopharmaceuticals	2005
inception	Established in 2004, Real Matters was recognized as one of Canada's 50 Best Managed Companies.	Real Matters	2004
inception	The Pineapples from the Dawn of Time is an Australian psychedelic punk band that first formed in 1985 in Brisbane, broke up in 1988, and reconvened in 2000.	The Pineapples from the Dawn of Time	1985
inception	The Consenting Adult Action Network (CAAN) is a grassroots network of individuals in the United Kingdom that was formed in 2008 to protest and oppose laws restricting activities between consenting adults, most notably the criminalisation of possession of ``extreme pornography''.	Consenting Adult Action Network	2008
inception	The company was founded in 1948 by Ludwig Bölkow, who since 1955 with Emil Weiland had developed helicopters for Bölkow Entwicklungen KG.	Bölkow	1955
inception	The French Institute of Petroleum (in French: Institut français du pétrole, IFP) is a public research organisation in France founded in 1944 as Institute of Oil, Fuels and Lubricants (Institut du pétrole, des carburants et des lubrifiants).	French Institute of Petroleum	1944
inception	Eslah TV a local television station in Herat Province of Afghanistan launched in 2013.	Eslah TV	2013
inception	Lyca Productions is an Indian entertainment company, which was established by Subaskaran Allirajah in 2014.	Lyca Productions	2014
inception	3D Vision Records is an Ibiza, Spain based French psy-trance record label formed by Christof Drouillet and Talamasca in 1998.	3D Vision Records	1998
inception	PT. Sat Nusapersada Tbk (IDX: PTSN), established in 1990, is located at Batam Island, Indonesia.	Sat Nusapersada	1990
inception	The National Trust for Nature Conservation (NTNC), (राष्ट्रिय प्रकृति संरक्षण कोष) previously known as King Mahendra Trust for Nature Conservation is a Nepalese non-governmental organization working in the field of nature conservation.It was established in 1982 as an autonomous non profit organization by legislative law of Nepal.	National Trust for Nature Conservation	1982
inception	Kerry County Museum was developed as an initiative of Tralee Urban District Council in two phases between 1991 and 1992.	Kerry County Museum	1992
inception	Jaipur State was a princely state of India from 1128 to 1948.	Jaipur State	1128
inception	Current TV was an American television channel from August 1, 2005 to August 20, 2013.	Current TV	2005
inception	The San Antonio Gunslingers were a professional American football team based in San Antonio, Texas that played in the USFL in 1984 and 1985.	San Antonio Gunslingers	1984
inception	Rossana Gonzales and Gustavo Chapur led the initial broadcast of Crónica TV on January 3, 1994, and it became the first Argentine TV channel to broadcast 24 hours of news and live reports.	Crónica TV	1994
inception	Founded on June 11, 1994 by magazine publisher Robert E. Petersen, and his wife Margie, the $40-million Petersen Automotive Museum is owned and operated by the Petersen Automotive Museum Foundation.	Petersen Automotive Museum	1994
inception	Contently was founded in December 2010 by Joe Coleman, David Goldberg, and Shane Snow with the mission of ``making the media landscape better.''	Contently	2010
inception	The Torre PwC, formerly Torre Sacyr Vallehermoso, is a 52-floor, 236-metre-tall (774 ft) skyscraper, completed in 2008, located in Madrid, Spain.	Torre PwC	2008
inception	Given Imaging was founded in 1998 by Dr. Gabi Iddan and Dr. Gavriel Meron, initial funding for the company was provided by Elron Electronic Industries, Israel's leading technology holding company, in cooperation with Rafael Advanced Defense Systems.	Given Imaging	1998
inception	In March 2003, the Customs Service was dissolved to form part of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security as the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection and the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Division.	Customs and Border Protection	2003
inception	In 1993, WKQW AM founder Stephen Olszowka successfully applied for an FM license, giving birth to WKQW-FM.	WKQW-FM	1993
inception	Kroumata is a Swedish percussion ensemble founded in 1978 in Stockholm.	Kroumata	1978
inception	Stereo Skyline was an American pop rock band from East Meadow, New York, United States, which formed in 2006.	Stereo Skyline	2006
inception	Plasan (Hebrew: פלסן‎) (incorporated as Plasan Sasa Ltd. and formerly as Plasan Sasa (ACS) Ltd.) is an Israeli based vehicle manufacturer established in 1985.	Plasan	1985
inception	NovaLogic is a software developer and publisher established in 1985 and based in Calabasas, California.	NovaLogic	1985
inception	It was formed in 1979 by Andrew Fountaine as the National Front Constitutional Movement, a splinter group from the National Front.	Constitutional Movement	1979
inception	FC Nordjylland was the professional team of Danish football club Aalborg Chang from season 2001-02 until its liquidation at the end of season 2003-04.	FC Nordjylland	2001
inception	The PrimeTime Players have played independently in the Carolinas since 1991, competing in tournaments and pro-am leagues.	PrimeTime Players	1991
inception	The firm was founded in Ludwigsburg by Wilhelm Gutbrod in 1926.	Gutbrod	1926
inception	As of January 2008 WGMG along with sister stations WNGC, WPUP, WRFC, WGAU and WXKT (Washington, GA) were sold to Cox Radio/Cox Media Group in Atlanta.	WGMG	2008
inception	Touchstone Semiconductor was founded in 2010 by a group of semiconductor industry experts from Maxim Integrated Products, Linear Technology and Analog Devices.	Touchstone Semiconductor	2010
inception	The Gombey Liberation Party (GLP) is a grassroots political party in Bermuda that contested the 2003 general election.	Gombey Liberation Party	2003
inception	The Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art opened on March 23, 2007 at the Brooklyn Museum as the first public space of its kind in the country; it is a nexus for feminist art, theory, and activism.	Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art	2007
inception	Solidarity for LGBT Human Rights of Korea(Hangul: 행동하는 성소수자 인권연대; SLRK) is a comprehensive LGBT human rights and counselling group created in September 9, 1997, Seoul, South Korea.	Solidarity for LGBT Human Rights of Korea	1997
inception	1958 X-Rite was incorporated by seven engineers from Lear Siegler 1968 The company's first product, x-ray marking tape, was introduced 1968 X-Rite debuted silver recovery equipment for radiographic film.	X-Rite	1958
inception	Kronprinsen was the first high-rise in Sweden upon completion in 1964.	Kronprinsen	1964
inception	The paper was founded as La Nación Argentina on January 4, 1870, by former Argentine President Bartolomé Mitre and associates; until 1914, the managing editor was José Luis Murature, Foreign Minister of Argentina from 1914-1916.	La Nación	1870
inception	Palm Beach Lakes Community High School was established in 1989 after the closing of Twin Lakes High School (a merging of Palm Beach High School and Roosevelt High School) in downtown West Palm Beach.	Palm Beach Lakes Community High School	1989
inception	On August 1, 1927, the uyezds were abolished, and Bezhanitsky District was established, with the administrative center in the selo of Bezhanitsy.	Bezhanitsky District	1927
inception	Mailam Engineering College (Tamil: மயிலம் பொறியியல் கல்லூரி), a private engineering college, founded in 1998, in the Villupuram district, of Tamil Nadu, India.	Mailam Engineering College	1998
inception	In September 1892, Johann Kapsch (1845--1921) founded a precision engineering workshop in Vienna, with the state-owned and operated Post- und Telegraphenverwaltung (Mailing- and Telegraph-Administration) among its first clients.	Kapsch	1892
inception	The Impression 5 Science Center was founded by Marilynne Eichinger (1939- )in her basement in Lansing, Michigan, in 1972.	Impression 5 Science Center	1972
inception	Amity Lane was formed in 2005 by Kevin Palmer and Josh Moates, both members of the gold selling music group Trust Company.	Amity Lane	2005
inception	Democrats 66 was founded on 14 October 1966 by 44 people.	Democrats 66	14 October 1966
inception	Mobilize.org was founded in 2002 on the campus of University of California, Berkeley by David Smith, who as a Berkeley senior, started the school year like many students do -- working two jobs and living 45 minutes away from campus because affordable on-campus housing was hard to find.	Mobilize.org	2002
inception	Afric'Air Charter was an airline based in Benin that operated between 2002 and 2004.	Afric'Air Charter	2002
inception	Pigeon Religion were an American post-punk band formed in 2008 in Phoenix, Arizona.	Pigeon Religion	2008
inception	Picture Proud Ltd is a British company founded on 2004 by Ruth Beenham.	Picture Proud	2004
inception	Municipal Real Mamoré is a Bolivian football (soccer) club from Trinidad, founded in 2006 after the merge of Municipal Trinidad and Real Mamoré, the team won the 2nd division tournament in 2006 and won promotion to 1st division.	Municipal Real Mamoré	2006
inception	The Reverb Syndicate is an almost exclusively instrumental ``Spy-Fi'' surf band from Ottawa, Canada who have been playing since 2006.	The Reverb Syndicate	2006
inception	Herforder was then joined by SuS (16 June 1972) to play as SC Herford which delivered a remarkable turnaround performance in capturing the division in 1973 and advancing to the Amateurliga Westfalen (III).	SC Herford	1972
inception	Trio Beyond is an avant-jazz fusion organ trio, formed in 2003.	Trio Beyond	2003
inception	Slip-n-Slide Records is an American record label, founded in 1994 by Ted Lucas.	Slip-n-Slide Records	1994
inception	Sport Club Corinthians Alagoano, or Corinthians Alagoano, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Maceió in Alagoas, founded on April 4, 1991.	Sport Club Corinthians Alagoano	1991
inception	The 'Independent Transport Commission', as it was then christened, was formally launched at the Royal Society of Arts in October 1999.	Independent Transport Commission	1999
inception	The National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians (also known as American Indian Hall of Fame), established in 1952 in Anadarko, Oklahoma, is part of a complex representing American Indian life.	National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians	1952
inception	The Kurdistan Islamic Movement (Kurdish: بزووتنةوي ئيسلامي لة كوردستان, or: Bizûtinewey Îslamî le Kurdistan) is an Islamist group founded in 1979 by Shaykh Uthman Abd-Aziz and several other Sunni mullahs who were all part of the non-political ``Union of Religious Scholars'' (Yaketi Mamostayani Ayni Islami).	Kurdistan Islamic Movement	1979
inception	Tamil Entertainment Television officially launched on December 13, 2012 on Bell Fibe TV.	Tamil Entertainment Television	2012
inception	According to its website, the Academia Mexicana de Derechos Humanos is a non governmental, independent and plural organization founded in 1984 that has contributed in an active manner to the creation of a vigorous pro-human rights movement in Mexico.	Academia Mexicana de Derechos Humanos	1984
inception	Under the leadership of Dr. Sidney T. Hearn, the Marian University Marching Band took the field for the first time on September 19, 2009.	Marian University Marching Band	2009
inception	Although Raycom Media dates its birth to 1996, the core of the company was formed in 1992 when Atlanta native Bert Ellis formed Ellis Communications, which eventually controlled 13 television stations and two radio stations.	Raycom Media	1992
inception	Karavan (Urdu: کاروان, literal English translation: ``a group of travelers'') was a hard rock band from Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan, formed in 1997.	Karavan	1997
inception	The Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt, established in 1996, is beside its work as a classical symphony orchestra one of the leading crossover orchestras in Europe.	Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt	1996
inception	Fast Romantics are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2008 in Calgary, Alberta.	Fast Romantics	2008
inception	Major League Wrestling (MLW) was a professional wrestling promotion that operated from 2002 to 2004.	Major League Wrestling	2002
inception	Cancer Bats was founded in May 2004 by drummer Liam Cormier and guitarist Scott Middleton, a former member of Toronto heavy metal band At the Mercy of Inspiration.	Cancer Bats	2004
inception	The Governorate of New Castile (Gobernación de Nueva Castilla) was the gubernatorial region administered to Francisco Pizarro in 1528 by King Charles I of Spain, of which he was appointed governor.	Governorate of New Castile	1528
inception	International Burch University was established in 2008 in Sarajevo, capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with the goal of presenting a unique opportunity to rethink the very idea of a modern university and formulate a blueprint for the future.	International Burch University	2008
inception	Kurdmax Pepûle is a Kurdish language children television channel founded in 2014 in Iraqi Kurdistan.	Kurdmax Pepûle	2014
inception	The Algerian Red Crescent Society is an Algerian humanitarian volunteer organization founded in 1956.	Algerian Red Crescent Society	1956
inception	In April/May 1881, the three companies merged to form a new Lehigh and Hudson River Railroad and on April 1, 1882, the Warwick Valley Railroad joined, forming the Lehigh and Hudson River Railway (L&HR).	Lehigh and Hudson River Railway	1882
inception	SINOIAN is an Armenian fashion brand established in Germany in 2013.	SINOIAN	2013
inception	Downtown 81 (a.k.a. New York Beat Movie) is a film that was shot in 1980-1981.	Downtown 81	1980
inception	The Awkward Stage's debut album, Heaven Is for Easy Girls, was released on Mint Records in 2006 and quickly charted on Canadian campus radio and CBC Radio 3, which named the band's song ``We're Going for a Ride'' one of its Top 94 songs of 2006.	The Awkward Stage	2006
inception	The Weavers' Triangle Toll House museum was established in on 26 July 1980, and opened by Brian Redhead.	Weavers' Triangle	26 July 1980
inception	Benchmade started in California in 1979 as Bali-Song, changing its name in 1988 to the Pacific Cutlery Corporation.	Benchmade	1988
inception	Scared Records is an independent American record label founded in Atlanta in 1999, notable for re-releasing some ``lost'' Atlanta artists, especially from the punk and post punk era.	Scared Records	1999
inception	For the Royal League 2004-05 tournament, the twelve participating teams were initially placed into three groups.	Royal League	2004
inception	Founded as Air Zarco on 25 August 1993, the company adopted the trade name Air Madeira until 17 May 2000, when the Memorandum of Association was altered by deed, and the name of EuroAtlantic Airways --	EuroAtlantic Airways	1993
inception	The American Sailboat Hall of Fame was established in 1994 by Sail America to recognize ingenuity in designs by American boat builders.	American Sailboat Hall of Fame	1994
inception	Psi Chi (ΨΧ) is the International Honor Society in Psychology, which was founded in 1929 for the purposes of ``encouraging, stimulating, and maintaining excellence in scholarship, and advancing the science of psychology''.	Psi Chi	1929
inception	Dinar Líneas Aéreas was an Argentinan airline, based in Salta, which operated between the years 1992 and 2002.	Dinar Líneas Aéreas	1992
inception	The Siren Tower are a rock, folk and country band from Perth, Australia, formed in 2008 by former Heavy Weight Champ singer-guitarist Grant McCulloch and former Antistatic drummer Brody Simpson.	The Siren Tower	2008
inception	The National Youth Choir of Scotland (NYCoS) is a choir for young singers in Scotland, founded in 1996.	National Youth Choir of Scotland	1996
inception	Courage Marine Group Limited (short form:Courage Marine, SGX: E91, SEHK: 01145), founded in June 2001, is a Bermuda registered shipping company engaged in the ownership and operation of bulk carriers.	Courage Marine Group	2001
inception	From 1997 to 2001, the Bossier-Shreveport Mudbugs were members of the Western Professional Hockey League, until a 2001 merger between the WPHL with the Central Hockey League.	Bossier-Shreveport Mudbugs	1997
inception	The Haworth Pottery was established by Anne Shaw in 1971 in Haworth, West Yorkshire, England.	Haworth Pottery	1971
inception	The Abolition of Income Tax and Usury Party was a South African political party founded in 1994.	Abolition of Income Tax and Usury Party	1994
inception	This Is Art Recordings is a Leeds based record label set up in early 2003 to promote local artists.	This Is Art Recordings	2003
inception	The IIDA Women's Development Organisation NGO was founded in Mogadishu on 25 May 1991 by a group of Somali women activists led by Halima Abdi Arush.	IIDA Women's Development Organisation	1991
inception	U.S. Crush was a California punk band, formed in 1997 after frontman Denny Lake's former project Atomic Boy split up.	U.S. Crush	1997
inception	Forthnet S.A. is a Greek Internet Service Provider established in October 1995 by Minoan Lines SA and the Foundation for Research & Technology - Hellas (Ίδρυμα Τεχνολογίας και Έρευνας, Ι.Τ.Ε), also known as FORTH.	Forthnet	1995
inception	Library Video Company is an educational video distributor founded in 1985 by Andrew Schlessinger and based in West Conshohocken, Pennsylvania.	Library Video Company	1985
inception	KG is the parent company of Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, which was founded in 1885 by Albert Boehringer in Ingelheim am Rhein, Germany.	Boehringer Ingelheim	1885
inception	The merger terms were approved by the boards of Educational Television Association of Metropolitan Cleveland (owner of WVIZ) and Cleveland Public Radio (owner of WCPN) in October 2000, and Ideastream was officially formed in July 2001.	Ideastream	2001
inception	Last Tuesday was a Christian punk band formed in 1999 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.	Last Tuesday	1999
inception	Paul Weel Racing was an Australian motor racing team which competed in the V8 Supercars Championship Series between 1998 and 2008.	Paul Weel Racing	1998
inception	Founded by Linsay and John Knight in 2012, Pitt Street Poetry aims to publish poetry of lasting value and has published poetry in hardback, paperback and ebook formats.	Pitt Street Poetry	2012
inception	Viewbank College was founded on the site of Rosanna East High School in 1994, the result of a merger between it and Banyule High School.	Viewbank College	1994
inception	Daniel Baker College was founded April 5, 1889 in Brownwood, Texas and was named in memory of the Rev. Dr. Daniel Baker, a Presbyterian circuit-riding minister, who helped organize the first presbytery in Texas in 1840 and Austin College in 1849.	Daniel Baker College	1889
inception	Chief Executive and Clerk to the National Assembly for Wales is a position that relates to the National Assembly for Wales and the Assembly Commission and was created in February 2007 to reflect the growing powers of the National Assembly following the Government of Wales Act 2006.	Chief Executive and Clerk to the National Assembly for Wales	February 2007
inception	The Comando Especial Anti-Terrorista (Special Counter-Terrorism Command, CEAT) is a special operations unit and Executive Branch Security of El Salvador, created in 1985 during the El Salvadoran civil war and trained by United States Special Operations Forces.	Comando Especial Anti-Terrorista	1985
inception	South Baden (German: Südbaden), formed in December 1945 from the southern half of the former Republic of Baden, was a subdivision of the French occupation zone of post-World War II Germany.	South Baden	1945
inception	Count Raven are a doom metal band established in 1989 in Sweden.	Count Raven	1989
inception	Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (NYSE: GPI) is a Fortune 500 company, founded in 1995, and became public in 1997.	Group 1 Automotive	1995
inception	WebAIM has provided web accessibility solutions since 1999.	WebAIM	1999
inception	Criteria Studios is a music-recording studio in Miami, Florida, started in 1958 by musician Mack Emerman (né Maxwell Louis Emerman; 1923--2013).	Criteria Studios	1958
inception	Gassled was created on 20 December 2002 and it became operational on 1 January 2003.	Gassled	2002
inception	Bank Gospodarki Żywnościowej (BGŻ) is a Polish bank, founded in 1975.	Bank Gospodarki Żywnościowej	1975
inception	In 2007 they formed the punk rock band The Vulgarians, and in mid-2010 formed 2:54, named after part of a song by The Melvins (in Colette's words the ``point on 'History Of Bad Men' where the bass line turns doomy, and dreamy'').	2:54	2010
inception	Nonprofit VOTE, formerly the Nonprofit Voter Engagement Network (NVEN), is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, founded in 2005, that works to expand the role of America's nonprofits in promoting active civic participation and democracy.	Nonprofit VOTE	2005
inception	Thunderheist was founded in 2005 by Graham as an anonymous dance music side-project to his more hip-hop leanings as Metrix.	Thunderheist	2005
inception	Created by a Papal Decree in 1948 as the Fœderatio Universitatum Catholicarum it became the International Federation of Catholic Universities in 1965.	International Federation of Catholic Universities	1948
inception	Lorenzo Ruiz de Manila School (LRMS) is a private Catholic school for K-12 founded by Lydia C. Vicente in June, 1990.	Lorenzo Ruiz de Manila School	June, 1990
inception	Scholars Indian School, founded in 1999, is an English K-12 Medium School.	Scholars Indian School	1999
inception	The Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission (SCCRC) is an executive non-departmental public body of the Scottish Government, established by the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995 (as amended by the Crime and Punishment (Scotland) Act 1997).	Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission	1995
inception	The Sky Ryders Drum and Bugle Corps was an Open Class (since renamed ``World Class'') competitive junior drum and bugle corps from 1955 to 1994.	Sky Ryders Drum and Bugle Corps	1955
inception	Allot Communications was founded in 1996, by Michael Shurman and Yigal Jacoby, who served as chief executive and chairman until 2006.	Allot Communications	1996
inception	The Institute for Quantum Optics and Quantum Information (IQOQI) (German: Institut für Quantenoptik und Quanteninformation) is a child institute of the Austrian Academy of Sciences and was founded in November 2003.	Institute for Quantum Optics and Quantum Information	2003
inception	LLC ``Telekan'' was found in 1990.	Telekan	1990
inception	BCN Week is a cultural newsweekly started in 2006 by ex-pats in Barcelona.	BCN Week	2006
inception	Porsche SE was created in June 2007 by renaming the old Dr. Ing. h.c.	Porsche SE	2007
inception	In 1935, following the death of Sir Robert and his eldest son, Alfred ran the north west independently, although the legal separation was not completed until 1940, when Sir Alfred McAlpine & Son was formed.	Alfred McAlpine	1935
inception	The Geatish Society, or Gothic League (Götiska Förbundet) was created by a number of Swedish poets and authors in 1811, as a social club for literary studies among academics in Sweden, with a view to raising the moral tone of society through contemplating Scandinavian antiquity (EB 1911).	Geatish Society	1811
inception	The Texas Outlaws were an American indoor soccer team founded in 2008.	Texas Outlaws	2008
inception	On 19 May 2011, the Government of the Republic of Serbia adopted a bill on the Statute of the Information-communication institution AMRES - ``Academic network of Serbia''.	AMRES	19 May 2011
inception	Cullinane College was founded in 2003, through the combining of Sacred Heart College (founded in 1880 and operated by the Sisters of St Joseph of Nazareth) and St Augustines College (founded in 1944 and operated by the priests and brothers of the Society of Mary).	Cullinane College	2003
inception	The Authority was founded by Uziel Wexler and was established as a statutory corporation under the Jerusalem Development Authority Law 1988.	Jerusalem Development Authority	1988
inception	In 1978, following the abolition of private clubs by the Government of Québec, Zec Batiscan-Neilson was incorporated.	Zec Batiscan-Neilson	1978
inception	The Consortium of Higher Education LGBT Resource Professionals which was founded as the National Consortium of Directors of LGBT Resources in Higher Education originated in 1997 at the San Diego NGLTF Creating Change Conference.	Consortium of Higher Education LGBT Resource Professionals	1997
inception	Denel was established as a state-owned industrial company under the Ministry of Public Enterprises in April 1992.	Denel	1992
inception	The European Social Simulation Association was founded in 2003 on the basis of a manifesto signed by many social simulation researchers.	European Social Simulation Association	2003
inception	3T released their debut album Brotherhood in 1995.	3T	1995
inception	Think India was founded in 2006 by the students of Indian Institute of Science (IISc) Bangalore, Indian Institute of Management Bangalore, NLSIU Bangalore, NIMHANS and accompanied by other professional institutes' students of Bangalore.	Think India	2006
inception	Canadian Unitarian Universalist Women's Association (CUUWA) (established in May 2011) is a Canadian Unitarian Universalist women's rights organization that is an associate member of the Canadian Unitarian Council.	Canadian Unitarian Universalist Women's Association	2011
inception	Happy Happy Good Show was an improvisational comedy revue held at the Victory Gardens Studio Theater in Chicago during the summer of 1988.	Happy Happy Good Show	1988
inception	Axxis is a German heavy metal band that was founded in 1988.	Axxis	1988
inception	The Grammy Award for Best Traditional World Music Album was an honor presented to recording artists between 2004 and 2011 for quality traditional world music albums.	Grammy Award for Best Traditional World Music Album	2004
inception	Founded in the UK in 1998, Pharmalink Consulting now has offices across Europe, USA, Asia and Latin America, serving the Healthcare Industry.	Pharmalink Consulting	1998
inception	Founded in 1754, the Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum is one of the oldest museums in Europe.	Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum	1754
inception	Michou's first release was 2007's EP, Medea.	Michou	2007
inception	In 1960, Johnson established the ''Astro-Optical`` division of Valor, which would later become Celestron.	Celestron	1960
inception	1992-1995 FC Spartak Alagir 1999 FC Alagir	FC Alagir	1992
inception	Formerly called the European Poetry Translation Prize (1983--1997), the prize was relaunched in 2003, renamed in memory of the Romanian translator Corneliu M. Popescu, who died at age 19 in 1977 and was known as the Corneliu M Popescu Prize that year and in 2005.	Popescu Prize	2003
inception	XPL was designed in 1967 as a way to teach compiler design principles and as starting point for students to build compilers for their own languages.	XPL	1967
inception	RG Capital Radio was an Australian radio company, formed in 1995 by Reg Grundy with the acquisition of 90.9 Sea FM.	RG Capital	1995
inception	In 2015 Sarah Schkeeper started the Richmond Black Widows.	Richmond Black Widows	2015
inception	In 1993 Dong Hua Sao National Reserved Forest was declared, later renamed to Dong Hua Sao National Protected Area, covering the current area of 1,100 square kilometres (420 sq mi).	Dong Hua Sao National Protected Area	1993
inception	UXUS was founded in Amsterdam in 2003 by George Gottl, former Creative Director at Nike and Mandarina Duck, Oliver Michell, former architect at Rem Koolhaas'' Office for Metropolitan Architecture and Erika Gottl, founder of Napa Valley super-luxury wine brand, Merus.	UXUS	2003
inception	In 1999, UK technology entrepreneur Barrie Hadfield co-founded Workshare, a provider of client-server document comparison software.	Workshare	1999
inception	In 2006 the former chief financial officer of CMC Markets, Ajay Pabari, founded Spread Co, as a specialist provider of CFDs.	Spread Co	2006
inception	Well Hungarians (formed 1993 in Cahokia, IL near St. Louis, MO) are an American country music and rock music band.	Well Hungarians	1993
inception	Transmaçor was founded on 22 December 1987, from the merging of smaller operators that operated within the waters of the central group of Azorean islands.	Transmaçor	1987
inception	The Lovro and Lilly Matačić Foundation was founded in 1987 according to the will of both, with an aim to improve the skill of exceptionally gifted young conductors, in Croatia and abroad.	Lovro and Lilly Matačić Foundation	1987
inception	Joe Russo's Almost Dead is an American rock band formed in 2013 who plays mostly the music of the Grateful Dead as well as other covers.	Joe Russo's Almost Dead	2013
inception	The Pennsylvania Historical Association (PHA), founded in 1932, is a non-profit volunteer organization committed to promoting interest in Pennsylvania and Mid-Atlantic history.	Pennsylvania Historical Association	1932
inception	KKTV signed on the air on December 7, 1952.	KKTV	1952
inception	Sanglas was a Spanish motorcycle manufacturer which was founded in Barcelona (Poble Nou) in 1942 and ceased production in 1981.	Sanglas	1942
inception	Hyperwerks Entertainment was founded by Karl Altstaetter and Jamie Douraghy in 1997, it is mostly noted for its comic book series.	Hyperwerks	1997
inception	Atlas Blue was established on 28 May 2004 and started operations on 26 July 2004, with charter operations from Morocco to France using a single Boeing 737-400.	Atlas Blue	2004
inception	The Hermann-Böse-Gymnasium was founded in 1905 as a secondary school for boys at the instigation of the Senate of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen.	Hermann-Böse-Gymnasium	1905
inception	In 1964 under an act of Parliament, the Uganda Red Cross Constitution was adopted bringing into existence the Uganda Red Cross Society.	Uganda Red Cross Society	1964
inception	Following demerger from KPMG in 2000 and an IPO in 2001, the company was renamed BearingPoint Inc. in October 2002.	BearingPoint	2002
inception	The Abbott World Marathon Majors, originally known as the World Marathon Majors, is a championship-style competition for marathon runners that started in 2006.	World Marathon Majors	2006
inception	Marussia Motors (Russian: Маруся pronounced (mɐˈrusʲə)) was a Russian sports car manufacturer founded in 2007.	Marussia Motors	2007
inception	Phoenix Film & Television Productions Ltd. is a Production and Post-Production company based in London at Three Mills Film Studios, founded in July 1998.	Phoenix Film & Television Productions	1998
inception	US spirit ratings organizations evaluated Platinka in 2012, awarding it the Best Vodka and Double Gold medal distinction at the 2012 San Francisco World Spirits Competition.	Platinka	2012
inception	Secret Escapes was launched in 2010 by Tom Valentine and Alex Saint, after identifying a demand in luxury travel deals in the UK.	Secret Escapes	2010
inception	Sounds True is a multimedia publishing company founded in 1985 by Tami Simon, with the mission of disseminating spiritual wisdom.	Sounds True	1985
inception	The Greek Wikipedia was created on 1 December 2002.	Greek Wikipedia	1 December 2002
inception	Most of the content can be seen on its own YouTube channel, which was created on 2 November 2006, or on the official SB.TV website and includes unprofessional footage, or ``street-shot'' freestyle raps and music videos.	SB.TV	2006
inception	His Statue Falls are a German Post hardcore band formed in 2003 in Saarbrücken.	His Statue Falls	2003
inception	StudyMode was founded by Blaine Vess and Chris Nelson in 1999 and was originally run out of a dorm room at North Central College.	StudyMode	1999
inception	Started by Humph's son, Stephen Lyttelton, The Humph Trust was launched on 25 April 2010 with A Celebration Concert at the HMV Apollo, London.	The Humph Trust	2010
inception	The Anti-Federalist League was a small cross-party organisation in Britain, formed in 1991 to campaign against the Maastricht Treaty.	Anti-Federalist League	1991
inception	The station was founded in 2007 and currently broadcasts STZ TV by UHF Channel 59 and Channel 4's City Net Sertãozinho, canal 20 da Net Ribeirao Preto City and the canal 34 da Net France City, both broadcast HD .	STZ TV	2007
inception	Archana Airways Limited was founded on 29 April 1991 and started its full service operation in 1993 with three brand new Czech built L-410 UVP-E9, 17 seater commuter aircraft.	Archana Airways	1991
inception	The Kingdom of Bulgaria, also referred to as the Tsardom of Bulgaria and the Third Bulgarian Tsardom was a constitutional monarchy, which was established on 5 October (O.S. 22 September) 1908 when the Bulgarian state was raised from a principality to a kingdom.	Kingdom of Bulgaria	1908
inception	CSM N.V. was founded as a sugarbeet refinery in the Netherlands in 1919.	CSM N.V.	1919
inception	Isak N Jiyeon (이삭 N 지연) was a Korean female duo formed by SM Entertainment in 2002 that has since been disbanded.	Isak N Jiyeon	2002
inception	Play-Asia.com was established in 2002 in Hong Kong, selling games and accessories for all major current game consoles and computer operating systems.	Play-Asia	2002
inception	Kanine Records is an independent record label based in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, New York started at the end of 2002 by Lio and Kay.	Kanine Records	2002
inception	Ecuador TV is the public service channel of Ecuador established in October 2007 thanks to a provision of non-reimbursable funds of $5 million of the Economic and Social Development Bank of Venezuela (BANDES by its Spanish acronym).	Ecuador TV	2007
inception	American College of Education was formally incorporated in Illinois on February 25, 2005.	American College of Education	2005
inception	Quintorigo is an Italian band founded in 1996 by John de Leo, who left the band in 2005.	Quintorigo	1996
inception	The bank officially opened its doors as the National Bank of Samoa Ltd on 11 December 1996.	National Bank of Samoa	1996
inception	The Theater am Schiffbauerdamm (German pronunciation: (teˈaːtɐ am ˈʃɪfbaʊɐˌdam)) is a theatre building at the Schiffbauerdamm riverside in the Mitte district of Berlin, Germany, opened on November 19, 1892.	Theater am Schiffbauerdamm	1892
inception	After the first democratic elections held in Croatia, Zagal changed its name to Croatia Airlines on 23 July 1990.	Croatia Airlines	1990
inception	Centro de Información y Educación para la Prevención del Abuso de Drogas (CEDRO) (Spanish for: information- and education-centre for prevention of drug abuse) is a private non-profit institution in Lima which was established by some Peruvians in 1986.	Centro de Información y Educación para la Prevención del Abuso de Drogas	1986
inception	Great Lakes Energy is a social enterprise founded by Sam Dargan in 2005.	Great Lakes Energy	2005
inception	Bodyjar are an Australian pop punk band which formed in 1990.	Bodyjar	1990
inception	The Great Chesapeake Bay Schooner Race (GCBSR) is an annual schooner race established in 1990 that takes place on the Chesapeake Bay.	Great Chesapeake Bay Schooner Race	1990
inception	Ánima Estudios is a Mexican animation studio founded in 2002 by Fernando De Fuentes, José Carlos García De Letona and Federico Unda.	Ánima Estudios	2002
inception	Atyrau Airways was established in 1996 as an airline as well as the operating company of Atyrau Airport.	Atyrau Airways	1996
inception	Kinotavr (Russian: Кинотавр), also known as the Sochi Open Russian Film Festival is an open film festival held in the resort city of Sochi, Russia annually in June since 1991.	Kinotavr	1991
inception	Having played with numerous bands from Zagreb, the two moved to Šabac, and in March 1992, with the vocalist Branko Golubović, formed Goblini.	Goblini	1992
inception	By 1987 they had changed their name to Kid 'n Play.	Kid 'n Play	1987
inception	The Amherst Center for Russian Culture was created by Amherst College in Amherst, Massachusetts after the gift of a major collection of Russian books, manuscripts, periodicals and ephemera by Thomas P. Whitney in 1991.	Amherst Center for Russian Culture	1991
inception	It was originally incorporated as Fax-Me-Limited in 1993 and later changed its name to JobServe Ltd. in 1995.	JobServe	1993
inception	The current form of the Bermuda Lacrosse Association has its foundational roots in 2002 when a Bermudian, Kirk Bridgewater and two expatriates American Andy Soucie and Canadian Ernie Theriault got together and attempted to bring together a recreational game of lacrosse on the island.	Bermuda Lacrosse Association	2002
inception	Babylon Whores is a deathrock and metal band from Finland, founded in 1994 by Ike Vil and Ewo Meichem.	Babylon Whores	1994
inception	The EOQ (at that time called European Organization for Quality Control - EOQC) was established in 1956 and the founding organizations came from five western European Countries:	European Organization for Quality	1956
inception	Silent Civilians signed to Corporate Punishment Records in January, 2005 and began work on their debut album, Rebirth of the Temple.	Silent Civilian	2005
inception	In 1989, Curtis White, Ronald Sukenick, Mark Leyner, Jonathan Baumbach, B. H. Friedman, and Peter Spielberg decided to reorganize the press, and founded Fiction Collective Two, or FC2 for short.	Fiction Collective Two	1989
inception	Lothian Regional Council formally took over responsibility from the old county councils in May 1975.	Lothian	1975
inception	Kausion was an American rap group composed of Cel, Gonzoe, and Kaydo that was signed to Ice Cube's Lench Mob Records in 1995.	Kausion	1995
inception	The Tethys Research Institute (official name: Istituto Tethys ONLUS) is a non-profit research organisation founded in 1986 to support marine conservation through science and public awareness.	Tethys Research Institute	1986
inception	The Cyprus Joint Rescue Coordination Center was established by Law 5(III)/94 and started operating on a trial 24-hour basis on the 7th of August 1995 as an independent unit of the Cyprus Air Force Command.	Cyprus Joint Rescue Coordination Center	1995
inception	Slingshot 57 was a Christian rock band from Champaign-Urbana, Illinois, USA, which was formed in 1999.	Slingshot 57	1999
inception	Dalian Nationalities University was founded in 1997.	Dalian Nationalities University	1997
inception	Formed in 1928 FSV Jägersburg spend most of its history as a local amateur side.	FSV Jägersburg	1928
inception	Since its establishment in 1991, High Tech High School has been named a Top Ten High School, a Governor's School of Excellence, a New Jersey Star School (twice) and has been cited by New Jersey Monthly magazine as one of the state's great public high schools.	High Tech High School	1991
inception	IDEO (pronounced ``eye-dee-oh'') is an international design and consulting firm founded in Palo Alto, California, in 1991.	IDEO	1991
inception	XPDL 1.0 was ratified by the WfMC in 2002, and was subsequently implemented by more than two dozen workflow/BPM products to exchange process definitions.	XPDL	2002
inception	In 2009, Mount Lewis Forest Reserve and Riflemead Forest Reserve were combined to form Mount Lewis National Park.	Mount Lewis National Park	2009
inception	The Gold Coast Indy 300 was an open-wheel motor race event that took place at the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit in south east Queensland, Australia from 1991 to 2008.	Gold Coast Indy 300	1991
inception	The Other Kids were an American alternative pop band formed in Madison, Wisconsin in 1985 by Steve Watson (lead vocals, guitars), Allyn Watson (bass, vocals), and Chris Fink (drums, vocals).	The Other Kids	1985
inception	Northlane are an Australian metalcore band from Sydney, formed in 2009.	Northlane	2009
inception	The University of Economy and Enterprise was established in accordance with the Decree of the President of the Kyrgyz Republic №VII-100 dated April 1, 1993, ``On creation of the Commercial Institute in Jalal-Abad.''	University of Economy and Enterprise	1993
inception	Lalesso, originally named ``La Kanga'' is an African fashion brand, founded in 2005.	Lalesso	2005
inception	Zagrebačka banka was established in 1914 as Gradska štedionica (English: City savings bank) by the Zagreb municipal authority at a time when Zagreb had a population of 100,000 and was rapidly developing into a modern city.	Zagrebačka banka	1914
inception	Saveetha Engineering College is a co-educational institution located in Chennai, India, and was founded in 2001 by the Saveetha Medical and Educational Trust, a registered charitable society.	Saveetha Engineering College	2001
inception	The European Book Prize (French: Le Prix du Livre Européen) is a European Union literary award established in 2007, organized by the association Esprit d'Europe in Paris.	European Book Prize	2007
inception	Feed Her to the Sharks is an Australian metalcore band from Melbourne, formed in 2008.	Feed Her to the Sharks	2008
inception	It was founded in 1994, renamed 1995 in American Football League of Europe (AFLE) and dissolved after the 1995 season.	Football League of Europe	1994
inception	Ingenia Technology, formed in 2003, is an international security technology company and inventor of Laser Surface Authentication, a technique used for brand protection, track and trace and document authentication.	Ingenia Technology	2003
inception	Launching on September 2, 1986, MusiquePlus originated with an eight-hour schedule, sharing channel space with TVJQ (a predecessor of VRAK.TV); it consisted of music videos and interviews and performances that were taped from a studio on Boulevard St. Laurent in Montreal.	MusiquePlus	1986
inception	Euralair Horizon and Euralair International were saved from liquidation by a last-minute takeover offer from UK-based Angel Gate Aviation and in February 2004 Euralair was restarted as Air Horizons.	Air Horizons	2004
inception	Living Coasts opened to the public on 14 July 2003, and is now visited by over 100,000 visitors a year.	Living Coasts	14 July 2003
inception	Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Bro Edern was founded in 2012, initially sharing premises with Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf, before moving to the former site of St Teilo's Church in Wales High School by September 2013.	Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Bro Edern	2012
inception	The Baltimore Thunder were a member of the National Lacrosse League from 1987 until 1999.	Baltimore Thunder	1987
inception	General Aircraft Limited was a British aircraft manufacturer from its formation in 1931 to amalgamation with Blackburn Aircraft in 1949 to become Blackburn and General.	General Aircraft Limited	1931
inception	MotesBooks is a publishing company based in Louisville, Kentucky, founded in 2006 by Kate Larken.	MotesBooks	2006
inception	Torfaen Tigers were founded in April 2003, they joined the Welsh division of the Rugby League Conference.	Torfaen Tigers	2003
instrument	Cynthia May Carver (March 14, 1903 -- April 11, 1980), known professionally as Cousin Emmy, was a banjo player and country singer who was one of the pioneering solo female stars in the country music industry.	Cousin Emmy	banjo
instrument	At the age of six Shelly Berg entered the Cleveland Institute of Music studying classical piano.	Shelly Berg	piano
instrument	Gizz Butt (born Graham Anthony Butt, 3 August 1966, Manchester, England) is a British musician, best known for playing the guitar during live performances by the band The Prodigy in the late 1990s.	Gizz Butt	guitar
instrument	Kenny Aaronson (born April 14, 1952 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American bass guitar player.	Kenny Aaronson	bass guitar
instrument	Heinie Beau (March 8, 1911, Calvary, Wisconsin -- April 18, 1987, Burbank, California) was an American jazz composer, arranger, saxophonist and clarinetist, most notable for his swing clarinet work and recordings done with Tommy Dorsey, Peggy Lee, Frank Sinatra and Red Nichols.	Heinie Beau	clarinet
instrument	Frank Mantooth (piano, keyboards);	Frank Mantooth	piano
instrument	Andreas Grassl (born 25 October 1984) is a German man found in England in April 2005, who remained unidentified for a long time due to his refusal to speak, communicating instead through drawing and playing the piano.	Andreas Grassl	piano
instrument	Karl Friedrich Johannes Kuhlo (* 8 October 1856 in Gohfeld, now Löhne, Germany, † 16 May 1941 in Bielefeld-Bethel, Germany) together with his father Eduard Kuhlo, founded the German Protestant Posaunenchor (trombone choir/church brass ensemble) movement.	Johannes Kuhlo	trombone
instrument	Dante Adrian White aka ``Dante Aliano'', ``Dante Adrian'', ``Dante White-Aliano'', and ``Dante White'', is a Rock and Roll and Alternative songwriter, vocalist, guitar player and recording artist from Monterey, California.	Dante Adrian White	guitar
instrument	Jean-Marie Londeix (20 September 1932) is a French saxophonist born in Libourne who studied saxophone, piano, harmony and chamber music.	Jean-Marie Londeix	saxophone
instrument	Odd Riisnæs (born 12 May 1953 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (saxophone) and composer, son of pianist Eline Nygaard Riisnæs and the younger brother of jazz saxophonist Knut Riisnæs.	Odd Riisnæs	saxophone
instrument	Rainer Nygård (born 1972) is a Finnish guitar player and singer for the band Diablo.	Rainer Nygård	guitar
instrument	Bruno Fevery has played guitar in several bands, most recently in the rock band Vista Chino and its predecessor Kyuss Lives!.	Bruno Fevery	guitar
instrument	Michael Leonhart (born April 21, 1974) is an American musician, known as a noted trumpet player, producer, multi-instrumentalist, composer, arranger and singer-songwriter.	Michael Leonhart	trumpet
instrument	After studying Physics in the Complutense University of Madrid, Ismael Serrano started his musical career in the early nineties in Madrid, singing folk based guitar music in a café circuit, at abashedly political venues like Libertad 8, Galileo and Nuevos Juglares.	Ismael Serrano	guitar
instrument	Özlem Kolat (born 15 June 1984 in Edirne) is a Turkish classical clarinet player.	Özlem Kolat	clarinet
instrument	During live performances, Segall is often accompanied by his backing band, the Ty Segall Band, consisting of Mikal Cronin (bass), Charles Moothart (guitar) and Emily Rose Epstein (drums).	Ty Segall	guitar
instrument	Fiachna Ó Braonáin (born 27 November 1965) plays the guitar and sings vocals with the Irish band Hothouse Flowers.	Fiachna Ó Braonáin	guitar
instrument	To keep costs down on her albums Uphill Both Ways, Perfect Handful and A For Effort, Jenn Lindsay learned to play as many instruments as she could: the guitar, piano, banjo, baritone ukulele, mandolin, drums, keyboard, xylophone, the Vietnamese dan mo, the marxophone and the harmonica.	Jenn Lindsay	guitar
instrument	Luciano Biondini is an Italian jazz and folk music accordion player that has appeared on the albums of various musicians, including Gabriele Mirabassi, Fratelli Mancuso, Ivano Fossati and Rabih Abou-Khalil.	Luciano Biondini	accordion
instrument	Alvie Self is an American singer and guitar player from Cottonwood, Arizona.	Alvie Self	guitar
instrument	In 1980, Celso Piña bought his first accordion and was introduced to the world of cumbia.	Celso Piña	accordion
instrument	Børge-Are Halvorsen (born 12 October 1978 in Lillehammer, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (soprano, alto, tenor and baritone saxophone and c- and alto flute).	Børge-Are Halvorsen	saxophone
instrument	Maciek Pysz is a self-taught musician, who has been playing guitar since the age of 11.	Maciek Pysz	guitar
instrument	Richard Holgarth is a guitar player with Eddie and the Hot Rods and John Otway, as well as Co-owner of - The Square music venue in Harlow, Essex.	Richard Holgarth	guitar
instrument	Jay Cameron (September 14, 1928 -- March 20, 2001) was an American jazz reed player, with an emphasis in baritone saxophone.	Jay Cameron	saxophone
instrument	In 2005, the Selmer Paris saxophone manufacturer commissioned a special ``Tribute to Bird'' alto saxophone, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the death of Charlie Parker (1955--2005).	Charlie Parker	alto saxophone
instrument	Pietro Tonolo (born May 30, 1959) is an Italian jazz saxophone player and composer.	Pietro Tonolo	saxophone
instrument	Gabriel Fliflet (born 18 July 1958 at Åland, Finland) is a Norwegian musician (vocals, accordion), known for his multicultural musical expressions, and many recordings.	Gabriel Fliflet	accordion
instrument	Marta Cuervo studied guitar and musical theory at the Havana Municipal Conservatory.	Marta Cuervo	guitar
instrument	John Pearse (12 September 1939 -- 31 October 2008) was a British guitarist, folk singer and music educator, who came to prominence in the 1960s presenting the popular BBC2 television guitar tuition series, Hold Down a Chord.	John Pearse	guitar
instrument	Laurence Wyman is an American classical saxophone teacher who served many years as the professor of saxophone at the State University of New York at Fredonia (Fredonia, New York).	Laurence Wyman	saxophone
instrument	Barbara Bolte played oboe and English horn with Penguin Cafe Orchestra.	Barbara Bolte	horn
instrument	He had his own signature guitar, the ESP Jeff Hanneman Signature model.	Jeff Hanneman	guitar
instrument	She leads the band Christine Ohlman and Rebel Montez consisting of Michael Colbath (bass), Larry Donahue (drums), Cliff Goodwin (guitar), founding member and guitarist (Eric Fletcher) (died in 2006) with whom she has recorded six albums.	Christine Ohlman	guitar
instrument	Ryan Dallas Cook (June 5, 1982 -- October 19, 2005), known professionally simply as Dallas Cook, was one of two trombone players in third-wave ska band Suburban Legends.	Ryan Dallas Cook	trombone
instrument	Vratislav Brabenec plays the alto saxophone, bass clarinet, clarinet and he also sings.	Vratislav Brabenec	alto saxophone	clarinet
instrument	Colyer was invited to take the trumpet lead for the Chris Barber Band and so formed the first line-up of Ken Colyer's Jazzmen:	Ken Colyer	trumpet
instrument	Michel Massot (born 25 October 1960 in Halle) is a Belgian tuba and trombone jazz musician.	Michel Massot	trombone
instrument	Jean Bosco Mwenda, also known as Mwenda wa Bayeke (1930--1990), was a pioneer of Congolese fingerstyle acoustic guitar music.	Jean Bosco Mwenda	guitar
instrument	Mat Walerian is a jazz saxophonist and woodwind player (alto saxophone, bass clarinet, soprano clarinet, flute), composer and bandleader who specializes in improvisation and avant-garde music.	Mat Walerian	bass clarinet
instrument	He also fronts his own rock act Dave Rude Band, where he sings and plays guitar.	Dave Rude	guitar
instrument	Michał Urbaniak (born January 22, 1943) is a Polish jazz musician and composer born in Warsaw, Poland, playing mainly the violin, lyricon and saxophone during concerts and recordings.	Michał Urbaniak	saxophone
instrument	Maury Deutsch (born April 25, 1918 in New York City - April 30, 2007 Scarsdale, New York ) was a musician who has played the trumpet from an early age.	Maury Deutsch	trumpet
instrument	Lennart Åberg (born February 26, 1942 in Helsingborg) is a Swedish jazz musician (saxophone) and composer.	Lennart Åberg	saxophone
instrument	Cui Jian grew up in a musical family in Beijing--his father was ethnic Korean and a professional trumpet player and his mother was a member of a Korean dance troupe.	Cui Jian	trumpet
licensed to broadcast to	WMOO (92.1 FM) (also known as ``Moo 92'') is a hot adult contemporary formatted radio station broadcasting from Derby Center, Vermont, USA.	WMOO	Derby Center, Vermont
licensed to broadcast to	WMRN-FM is a country music radio station in Marion, Ohio, currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	WMRN-FM	Marion
licensed to broadcast to	CFHK-FM is a radio station serving St. Thomas, Ontario, Canada that transmits at 16.7 kW on a 492-foot (150 m)-high transmitter at 103.1 FM.	CFHK-FM	St. Thomas
licensed to broadcast to	WEAL (``Big WEAL'') is a gospel radio station in Greensboro, North Carolina targeting African Americans.	WEAL	Greensboro
licensed to broadcast to	CJOC-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 94.1 FM in Lethbridge, Alberta.	CJOC-FM	Lethbridge
licensed to broadcast to	WZGC FM (``92.9 The Game'') is an Atlanta FM radio station broadcasting a sports talk radio format.	WZGC	Atlanta
licensed to broadcast to	WCXR is a radio station broadcasting at 103.7 FM and located in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania.	WCXR	Lewisburg
licensed to broadcast to	WLKU is a radio station licensed to Rock Island, Illinois, with a Christian contemporary format.	WLKU	Rock Island
licensed to broadcast to	WEPR is a noncommercial Classical/News/Talk in Greenville, South Carolina featuring both Classical music as well as news and other programs from NPR.	WEPR	Greenville
licensed to broadcast to	WOGR-FM (93.3 FM) is an American radio station broadcasting a Gospel music format, licensed to serve the community of Salisbury, North Carolina.	WOGR-FM	Salisbury
licensed to broadcast to	WITK is an AM radio station licensed by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of Pittston, Pennsylvania.	WITK	Pittston
licensed to broadcast to	CKKY-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a rock format at 101.9 FM in Wainwright, Alberta.	CKKY-FM	Wainwright
licensed to broadcast to	WFNY (1440 AM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Gloversville, New York, USA.	WFNY	Gloversville
licensed to broadcast to	XET-AM, nicknamed La T Grande, is an AM broadcasting station licensed for 50,000 watts on 990 kHz at San Nicolás de los Garza, Nuevo León, Mexico.	XET-AM	San Nicolás de los Garza
licensed to broadcast to	KKXL-FM (92.9 FM, ``XL93'') is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format serving the Grand Forks, North Dakota area.	KKXL-FM	Grand Forks
licensed to broadcast to	CKLQ is an AM radio station serving Brandon, Manitoba, Canada and the surrounding area.	CKLQ	Brandon
licensed to broadcast to	WSOY-FM, carrying the on-air branding of ``Y103'', is an adult-leaning Top 40 radio station licensed to Decatur, Illinois and serving that Arbitron market.	WSOY-FM	Decatur
licensed to broadcast to	KGED is an AM expanded band radio station located in the Fresno, California area and broadcasts on the AM dial at 1680 kHz.	KGED	Fresno
licensed to broadcast to	KKRZ is a commercial broadcast radio station in Portland, Oregon, also known as Z100, broadcasts Top 40 (CHR) music.	KKRZ	Portland
licensed to broadcast to	KHKE is a radio station owned and operated by the University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls, Iowa, USA, which broadcasts on 89.5 MHz. It is a classical station, sharing broadcast facilities with KUNI.	KHKE	Cedar Falls, Iowa
licensed to broadcast to	WTGN (for: ``The Good News'') is a non commercial FM radio station in Lima, Ohio at 97.7 MHz with an effective radiated power of 6,000 Watts.	WTGN	Lima
licensed to broadcast to	KKIX is a radio station in Fayetteville, Arkansas with a country music format.	KKIX	Fayetteville
licensed to broadcast to	CFEL-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Quebec City, Quebec, but the station's official city of license is Lévis.	CFEL-FM	Lévis
licensed to broadcast to	CITA-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting a Christian programming format at 105.1 FM in Moncton, New Brunswick.	CITA-FM	Moncton
licensed to broadcast to	KMXV (``Mix 93.3'') is a Top 40 (CHR) station based in Kansas City, Missouri, United States.	KMXV	Kansas City
licensed to broadcast to	WZID is located at 500 Commercial Street in Manchester, New Hampshire.	WZID	Manchester
licensed to broadcast to	KBAA (103.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format to the Grass Valley, California, USA area as well as the area north of Sacramento.	KBAA	Grass Valley
licensed to broadcast to	WVWS is a Public Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Webster Springs, West Virginia, serving Webster, Braxton, and Upshur counties in West Virginia.	WVWS	Webster Springs, West Virginia
licensed to broadcast to	WSJP-FM (100.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Port Washington, Wisconsin, and licensed to Starboard Media Foundation, Inc. They have been airing Catholic-based religious programming as ``Relevant Radio'' since March 2003.	WSJP-FM	Port Washington
licensed to broadcast to	CFXW-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format at 96.7 FM in Whitecourt, Alberta.	CFXW-FM	Whitecourt
licensed to broadcast to	KRBZ, 96.5 FM in Kansas City, is an alternative rock station.	KRBZ	Kansas City
licensed to broadcast to	KBCR-FM (96.9 FM, ``Big Country Radio'') is a radio station licensed and broadcasting to Steamboat Springs, Colorado.	KBCR-FM	Steamboat Springs
licensed to broadcast to	WYHT (105.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mansfield, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Mid-Ohio area.	WYHT	Mansfield
licensed to broadcast to	WEMM-FM (107.9 FM, ``Gospel 107.9'') is a Southern Gospel and religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Huntington, West Virginia, serving the Huntington/Charleston area.	WEMM-FM	Huntington
licensed to broadcast to	CKJR is a radio station in Wetaskiwin, Alberta broadcasting at 1440 AM owned by Newcap Radio.	CKJR	Wetaskiwin
licensed to broadcast to	KHMX (96.5 FM, ``Mix 96-5''), is an Adult Top 40 (Hot AC) music formatted radio station in Houston, Texas, United States.	KHMX	Houston
licensed to broadcast to	WFTL (850 AM) is a News/Talk radio station licensed to West Palm Beach, Florida with studios located in Pompano Beach.	WFTL	West Palm Beach
licensed to broadcast to	WFEA (1370 AM 99.9 FM) is a talk radio station in Manchester, New Hampshire.	WFEA	Manchester
licensed to broadcast to	KFBK-FM is a news/talk formatted radio station licensed to Pollock Pines, California, serving the Sacramento, California area and broadcasts at 93.1 FM.	KFBK-FM	Pollock Pines, California
licensed to broadcast to	WTHE (1520 AM) is an American radio station broadcasting a Gospel music format, licensed to the New York City suburb of Mineola, New York.	WTHE	Mineola, New York
licensed to broadcast to	KRZA (88.7 FM) is a National Public Radio-affiliated station in Alamosa, Colorado.	KRZA	Alamosa
licensed to broadcast to	KJMN (92.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish adult hits format licensed to Castle Rock, Colorado, USA, serving the Denver-Boulder area.	KJMN	Castle Rock
licensed to broadcast to	Clyde 2 is a local radio station serving Glasgow and West Central Scotland.	Clyde 2	Glasgow
licensed to broadcast to	WAZZ (1490 AM, ``Sunny 94.3'') is an adult standards radio station in Fayetteville, North Carolina, owned by Beasley Broadcast Group, Inc., playing ``Soft Hits Radio the way it WAZZ''.	WAZZ	Fayetteville
licensed to broadcast to	CFOX-FM (identified on air and in print as CFOX) is a Canadian radio station in the Greater Vancouver region of British Columbia.	CFOX-FM	Vancouver
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Fort Wayne, Indiana, USA, the station is currently owned by Sarkes Tarzian, Inc. WAJI broadcasts in HD.	WAJI	Fort Wayne
licensed to broadcast to	WAEB-FM, commonly known as ``B104'', is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station located in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, in the United States and owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	WAEB-FM	Allentown
licensed to broadcast to	WELJ (104.7 FM, ``104.7 Nash Icon'') is a radio station licensed to Montauk, New York and serves the New London, Connecticut area.	WELJ	Montauk, New York
licensed to broadcast to	KEOM (88.5 FM) is a non-commercial educational high school radio station based in Mesquite, Texas.	KEOM	Mesquite, Texas
licensed to broadcast to	WDPS (89.5 FM) (for: Dayton Public Schools and its nickname Dayton's Power Source``) is a radio station broadcasting a Jazz format.	WDPS	Dayton
licensed to broadcast to	KHRO (1150 AM) is an oldies station serving the El Paso area.	KHRO	El Paso
licensed to broadcast to	KBRO in Bremerton and KNTB in Lakewood, both Washington, are a pair of simulcasting radio stations serving the Puget Sound region.	KBRO	Bremerton
licensed to broadcast to	WQEN (103.7 FM, ``103-7 the Q'') is a radio station licensed to serve Trussville, Alabama, USA.	WQEN	Trussville
licensed to broadcast to	KNWS-FM, also known as Life 101.9, is a radio station in Waterloo, Iowa, USA, that is owned and operated by University Of Northwestern, St. Paul in Roseville, Minnesota, and supported by donations from the local community.	KNWS-FM	Waterloo
licensed to broadcast to	WSYN (103.1 FM, ``Sunny 103.1'') is a classic hits music formatted radio station licensed to Surfside Beach, South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area.	WSYN	Surfside Beach
licensed to broadcast to	KRQU (98.7 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Laramie, Wyoming, USA.	KRQU	Laramie
licensed to broadcast to	WCHB is an American AM radio station licensed to Taylor, Michigan, at 1200 kHz, and serving the Metro Detroit market.	WCHB	Taylor
licensed to broadcast to	KFRU (1400 AM) is a radio station located in Columbia, Missouri, broadcasting with 1 kW of power.	KFRU	Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WBLS (107.5 MHz.) is an urban adult contemporary FM radio station in New York City.	WBLS	New York City
licensed to broadcast to	WDIA is a radio station based in Memphis, Tennessee.	WDIA	Memphis
licensed to broadcast to	KLZS (1450 AM) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Eugene, Oregon, USA.	KLZS	Eugene
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haskayne School of Business is the University of Calgary's business school, located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Haskayne School of Business	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knapp Farm, is a historic farmhouse located at the corner of Dekalb Pike and Knapp Road in Montgomery Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Knapp Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gennevilliers (French pronunciation: ​(ʒənvilje)) is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, in the Hauts-de-Seine département of France.	Gennevilliers	Hauts-de-Seine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solano Town Center, formerly Solano Mall and Westfield Solano, is a shopping mall in Fairfield, California, United States and is owned by the CBL & Associates Properties.	Solano Town Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of the Light (sometimes called the ``Church with Light'') is the main chapel of the Ibaraki Kasugaoka Church, a member church of the United Church of Christ in Japan.	Church of the Light	Ibaraki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adventist University of Health Sciences (ADU), formerly Florida Hospital College of Health Sciences, is located in Orlando, Florida, United States.	Adventist University of Health Sciences	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Cubierto Newell's Old Boys (English: ``Covered Stadium of Newell's Old Boys'') is an indoor arena that is located in Rosario, Argentina.	Estadio Cubierto Newell's Old Boys	Rosario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Day School is an independent Transitional Kindergarten through Grade 12 school located in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Providence Day School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle River Airport, (TC LID: CKX3), was located 3.9 nautical miles (7.2 km; 4.5 mi) southeast of Eagle River, Ontario, Canada.	Eagle River Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haiphong Road is a road south of Kowloon Park, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong.	Haiphong Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monchique (Portuguese pronunciation: (mõˈʃik(ɨ))) is a municipality of southern Portugal, in Faro District (province of Algarve).	Monchique	Faro District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harali is a Town in Gadhinglaj Taluka Kolhapur district situated in the southwest corner of state Maharashtra, India.Harali is situated on banks of Hiranyakeshi river originated from the Great Amboli Ghats is about 7 K.m from Gadhinglaj towards south and 12 K.m from the Second largest city Kadgaon in Gadhinglaj Taluka and just 2 k.m.	Harali	Kolhapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miaty (ˈmjatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Miaty	Gmina Trzemeszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mianzhu (simplified Chinese: 绵竹; traditional Chinese: 綿竹; pinyin: Miánzhú) is a county-level city of Deyang, Sichuan province in Southwest China.	Mianzhu	Deyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hohes Holz (literally: ``High Wood'') is the only large wooded area in the otherwise open, agriculturally intensively-farmed western part of the Magdeburg Börde in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Hohes Holz	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasrineh (Persian: كسرينه‎, also Romanized as Kasrīneh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kasrineh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buti-ye Pain (Persian: بوتي پايين‎, also Romanized as Būtī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Būtī-ye Nūr Moḩammad) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Buti-ye Pain	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baz-e Heydar (Persian: بازحيدر‎, also Romanized as Bāz-e Ḩeydar; also known as Bār-e Ḩeydar) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baz-e Heydar	Zeberkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borowskie Skórki (bɔˈrɔfskʲɛ ˈskurki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Borowskie Skórki	Gmina Turośń Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Makher (Persian: قره ماخر‎, also Romanized as Qareh Mākher; also known as Qarah Mākhvor, Ghareh Māklher, and Qareh Mākhūr) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Dashli Borun District, Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qareh Makher	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bispham Hall is a Grade II* listed Elizabethan country house in Billinge, now part of Wigan, Greater Manchester.	Bispham Hall	Wigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierra Towers is a residential 31-story high-rise condominium building in West Hollywood, California, United States.	Sierra Towers	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myothit (Burmese: မြို့သစ်) is a town of Myothit Township in Magway District in the Magway Division in Myanmar.	Myothit	Magway District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Hohenheim (German: Universität Hohenheim) is a campus university located in the south of Stuttgart, Germany.	University of Hohenheim	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aslanlu (Persian: اصلانلو‎, also Romanized as Aşlānlū; also known as Isīlānlu) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Aslanlu	Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aulhausen as well as Assmannshausen are today part of the municipality of Rüdesheim am Rhein.	Aulhausen	Rüdesheim am Rhein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baverdan (Persian: باوردان‎, also Romanized as Bāverdān, Bāvardān, and Bavardan; also known as Bavirdūn) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Baverdan	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Mugu State Park is a state park located in the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area in Southern California.	Point Mugu State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The M/V Chugach Ranger is a historic ranger boat whose home port is Petersburg, Alaska.	M/V Chugach Ranger	Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye Reza Sheybani (Persian: مشاع رضاشيباني‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Rez̤ā Sheybānī) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Reza Sheybani	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thilafushi (Dhivehi: ތިލަފުށި) is an artificial island created as a municipal landfill situated to the west of Malé, and is located between Kaafu Atoll's Giraavaru and Gulhifalhu of the Maldives.	Thilafushi	Kaafu Atoll
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mendham Township Public Schools is a community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade in Mendham Township, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Mendham Township Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richfield Public School Academy is a free, public charter school located in Flint, Michigan formerly managed by Mosaica but now self managed by the Richfield Board of Directors.	Richfield Public School Academy	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liberal and Country Party (LCP) was a political party which operated as the state division of the Liberal Party of Australia in Victoria from 22 March 1949 until 6 March 1965.	Liberal and Country Party	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holford is a village and civil parish in West Somerset within the Quantock Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and about 10 miles (16 km) west of Bridgwater and 6 miles (10 km) east of Williton.	Holford	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mingur is one of the villages situated in Kalampur block of Kalahandi district in the State of Odisha in India.	Mingur	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wartosław (varˈtɔswaf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wartosław	Gmina Wronki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamest (Arabic: ﻓﻨﻮﻏﻴﻞ‎) is a commune in Fenoughil District, Adrar Province, south-central Algeria.	Tamest	Fenoughil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merritt Dam is a dam in Cherry County, Nebraska, a few miles southwest of Valentine, in the north-central part of the state.	Merritt Dam	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brady Theater (formerly Tulsa Convention Hall and Tulsa Municipal Theater) is a theater and convention hall located in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Brady Theater	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dünstekoven is a small farming village in the municipality Swisttal in the North-Rhine-Westphalian Rhein-Sieg district.	Dünstekoven	Swisttal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pettineo (Sicilian: Pittineu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) east of Palermo and about 110 kilometres (68 mi) west of Messina.	Pettineo	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Beseck, also known as Beseck Lake, is a body of water in Middlefield, Connecticut measuring a little less than 1 mile in length and a quarter mile in width.	Lake Beseck	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahontan State Recreation Area is a state park unit of the U.S. state of Nevada, surrounding Lake Lahontan on the Carson River.	Lahontan State Recreation Area	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarocice (jarɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jarocice	Gmina Burzenin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valuthoor is a small panchayat village located at papanasam taluk in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Valuthoor	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pichilemu (Mapudungun: Small forest, pronounced: (pitʃiˈlemu)), originally known as Pichilemo, is a beach resort city and commune in central Chile, and capital of Cardenal Caro Province.	Pichilemu	Cardenal Caro Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żurawce-Osada (ʐuˈraft͡sɛ ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.Last known as Zurawce-PGR.	Żurawce-Osada	Gmina Lubycza Królewska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moradluy-e Vosta (Persian: مرادلوي وسطي‎, also Romanized as Morādlūy-e Vosţá; also known as Morādlū-ye Vosţá) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Moradluy-e Vosta	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parcgweydd is a small village in the community of Beulah, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 71.7 miles (115.3 km) from Cardiff and 193.3 miles (311.1 km) from London.	Parcgweydd	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeziornik (jɛˈʑɔrnik) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jeziornik	Gmina Zblewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wekiva High School is a high school located in Apopka, in northwest Orange County, Florida, United States.	Wekiva High School	Orange County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward Hospital & Health Services (Edward Hospital Services Corporation), commonly referred to as ``Edward'', is a major healthcare provider located in southwest suburban Naperville, DuPage County, Illinois.	Edward Hospital	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anzab-e Sofla (Persian: انزاب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Anzāb-e Soflá; also known as Pā’īn Anzāb and Anzāb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Anzab-e Sofla	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tombstone Municipal Airport (FAA LID: P29), is a public-use airport located three nm south east of the CBD of Tombstone, in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.	Tombstone Municipal Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shipton-under-Wychwood is a village and civil parish in the Evenlode valley about 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Burford, Oxfordshire.	Shipton-under-Wychwood	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fashion Outlets of Las Vegas is a 371,000 square feet (34,500 m2) shopping mall located in Primm, Nevada, United States, and owned by Primm Valley Resorts.	Fashion Outlets of Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nymagee is a small town in the north west of New South Wales, 618 kilometres (384 mi) north west of Sydney, 130 kilometres (81 mi) south west of Nyngan and 89 kilometres (55 mi) south of Cobar.	Nymagee	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suśnik (ˈsuɕnik) (German Sußnick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Suśnik	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bitburg-Land is a former Verbandsgemeinde (municipal association) in the district Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Bitburg-Land	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Broadcasting Centre, located in Toronto, Ontario, is the broadcast headquarters and master control point for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's English-language television and radio services.	Canadian Broadcasting Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babakuh (Persian: باباكوه‎, also Romanized as Bābākūh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Babakuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haziyapur is a village of Gopalganj district of Bihar.	Haziyapur	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namur Lake Airport, (TC LID: CFB5), is located to the southwest of Namur Lake, Alberta, Canada.	Namur Lake Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacob D. Cox House is a historic residence located on Gilman Avenue in the Mount Auburn neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Jacob D. Cox House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pilot Range is a mountain range straddling the border of Box Elder County, Utah and Elko County, Nevada, United States.	Pilot Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located south of the Elliott Highway in interior Alaska, Tolovana Hot Springs is the most remote of the ``big 4'' hot springs in the region.	Tolovana Hot Springs	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peyhan (Persian: پيهان‎, also Romanized as Peyhān and Pīhān; also known as Pāhīān, Pahyān, Paihān, and Pey Mān) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Peyhan	Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel Farquhar House is an historic Second Empire style building located at 7 Channing Street, in the village of Newton Corner in Newton, Massachusetts.	Samuel Farquhar House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Houston Museum District is an association of 20 museums, galleries, cultural centers and community organizations located in Houston, Texas, dedicated to promoting art, science, history and culture.	Houston Museum District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pixham is a chapelry (small village) within the parish of Dorking, Surrey on the near side of the confluence of the River Mole and the Pipp Brook to its town, Dorking, which is centred 1 km (0.6 mi) south-west.	Pixham	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagarzewo (jaɡaˈʐɛvɔ) (German: Jägersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jagarzewo	Gmina Janowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apesia (Greek: Aπεσια or Απαισιά) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 3 km southeast of Korfi.	Apesia	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górka Stogniowska (ˈɡurka stɔɡˈɲɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Górka Stogniowska	Gmina Proszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sydney International Regatta Centre, located in Penrith, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, is a rowing and canoe sprint venue built for the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Sydney International Regatta Centre	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalran (Persian: كلران‎, also Romanized as Kalrān) is a village in Chahriq Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalran	Chahriq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christendom College is a Catholic liberal arts college in Front Royal, Virginia, United States, which is located in the Shenandoah Valley.	Christendom College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dugol-e Sara (Persian: دوگل سرا‎, also Romanized as Dūgol-e Sarā; also known as Dogol-e Sarā) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dugol-e Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumuli (Persian: دومولي‎, also Romanized as Dūmūlī; also known as Domūlī and Dūmūlū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dumuli	Angut-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Alam (Persian: شيخ علم‎, also Romanized as Sheykh ʿAlam) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Alam	Jahanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loazzolo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont (Regione Piemonte), located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Turin and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of Asti.	Loazzolo	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gumbrechtshoffen is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France, approximately 18 kilometres (eleven miles) northwest of Haguenau.	Gumbrechtshoffen	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral Group is a term applied to a collection of most of the tallest mountains of the Teton Range, all of which are located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Cathedral Group	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Średnica-Maćkowięta (ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa mat͡ɕkɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Średnica-Maćkowięta	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusatai-ye Ashura (Persian: روستاي عاشورا‎, also Romanized as Rūsatāī-ye ʿĀshūrā) is a village in Kongor Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Rusatai-ye Ashura	Kongor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maesbury is a small scattered community in Shropshire, England, south of the town of Oswestry, falling within the Oswestry Rural parish.	Maesbury	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runkelstein Castle (German: Schloss Runkelstein; Italian: Castel Roncolo) is a medieval fortification on a rocky spur in the territory of Ritten, near the city of Bolzano in South Tyrol, Italy.	Runkelstein Castle	Ritten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janowo Racięckie (jaˈnɔvɔ raˈt͡ɕɛnt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Janowo Racięckie	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake on the Mountain Provincial Park is a Provincial park located in Prince Edward County, Ontario, Canada.	Lake on the Mountain Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Essex County Hospital Center is a defunct psychiatric hospital that is located in the Township of Cedar Grove, New Jersey.	Essex County Hospital Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Na Sabaeng is a subdistrict (tambon) in Si Wilai District, in the heart of Bueng Kan Province, northeastern Thailand.	Na Sabaeng	Si Wilai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Radzymińska (ˈvulka rad͡zɨˈmiɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieporęt, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Radzymińska	Gmina Nieporęt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stabrie Grocery is a building located at 501 North 13th Street in the NoDo area of Downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	Stabrie Grocery	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان بهمنشيرشمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bahmanshir-e Shomali Rural District	Central District of Abadan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurabeh-ye Vosta (Persian: شورابه وسطي‎‎, also Romanized as Shūrābeh-ye Vosţá; also known as Shūrābeh) is a village in Kunani Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shurabeh-ye Vosta	Kunani Rural District	Kunani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belmont Cricket Club was one of four chief cricket clubs in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that played from its 1874 founding in West Philadelphia until its disbanding in 1914.	Belmont Cricket Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forest Gate is a residential area in the London Borough of Newham, 7 miles northeast of Charing Cross.	Forest Gate	London Borough of Newham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Jir Kuh (Persian: بالاجيركوه‎, also Romanized as Bālā Jīr Kūh; also known as Jīr Kūh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Jir Kuh	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The English Embankment (Russian: Англи́йская на́бережная; Angliyskaya Naberezhnaya) or English Quay is a street along the left bank of the Bolshaya Neva River in Central Saint Petersburg.	English Embankment	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexander Campbell King Law Library is the law library of the University of Georgia School of Law.	Alexander Campbell King Law Library	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heusenstamm is a town of over 18,000 people in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse, Germany.	Heusenstamm	Offenbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguty-Milczki (bɔˈɡutɨ ˈmilt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Boguty-Milczki	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chaiserstock (also spelled Kaiserstock) (2,515 m) is a mountain of the Schwyzer Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Uri.	Chaiserstock	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maimonides Medical Center is a non-profit, non-sectarian hospital located in Borough Park, in the New York City borough of Brooklyn, in the U.S. state of New York.	Maimonides Medical Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pavlikeni Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Павликени) is a municipality (obshtina) in Veliko Tarnovo Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located mostly in the Danubian Plain.	Pavlikeni Municipality	Veliko Tarnovo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kąpino (kɔmˈpinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kąpino	Gmina Wejherowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aherlow River (/ˌæhərˈloʊ/; Irish: An Eatharlach) is a river in County Limerick and County Tipperary, Ireland.	Aherlow River	County Limerick	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giślinek (ɡiˈɕlinɛk) (German Charlottenhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Giślinek	Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleasant Creek Wildlife Management Area is located near Philippi, West Virginia in Barbour and Taylor counties.	Pleasant Creek Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biswan (Hindi: बिसवाँ) is a town and a municipal board in Sitapur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Biswan	Sitapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cebeci Asri Cemetery (Turkish: Cebeci Asri Mezarlığı) is a cemetery located in the Cebeci quarter of central Ankara, Turkey serving multiple religions.	Cebeci Asri Cemetery	Ankara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spirit of Commerce is a public artwork by German artist Gustav Haug located in Jackson Park, which is on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.	Spirit of Commerce	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mendon Center Historic District is a historic district encompassing the village center of Mendon, Massachusetts, and some of its surrounding rural areas.	Mendon Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holzem (pronounced (ˈhɔltsːəm)) is a small town in the commune of Mamer, in southwestern Luxembourg.	Holzem	Mamer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brabrand (Danish pronunciation: (ˈbʀɑːbʀɑn)) is a postal district of Aarhus Municipality, Denmark.	Brabrand	Aarhus Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Thomas James Store in Mathews Court House, Virginia pre-dates the American Civil War.	Old Thomas James Store	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiesville (other spellings: Yeville, or Hevilla) is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France.	Hiesville	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milheeze is part of the municipality Gemert-Bakel.	Milheeze	Gemert-Bakel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadi Gavaber (Persian: هادي گوابر‎, also Romanized as Hādī Gavāber; also known as Hādī Gavāpar) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hadi Gavaber	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenough River Solar Farm is a 10 megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power station located in Walkaway, Western Australia.	Greenough River Solar Farm	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gishigan (Persian: گشيگان‎, also Romanized as Gīshīgān; also known as Gīshīgān-e Pā’īn and Gīshīgān-e Soflá) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gishigan	Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schabajewo (sxabaˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Schabajewo	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cloud Peak Wilderness is located in north central Wyoming in the United States.	Cloud Peak Wilderness	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornelius Wynkoop Stone House is located along US 209 in the hamlet of Stone Ridge, New York, United States.	Cornelius Wynkoop Stone House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boardwalk Chapel (most often referred to as ``The Boardwalk Chapel'' ) is a summertime Christian Gospel outreach on the two mile boardwalk on the barrier island of The Wildwoods, New Jersey which holds 77 consecutive evening services during June, July, and August, open to boardwalkers.	Boardwalk Chapel	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khai Si (Thai: ไคสี) is a subdistrict (tambon) in Mueang Bueng Kan District, in Bueng Kan Province, far northeastern Thailand.	Khai Si	Mueang Bueng Kan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blinn College is a two-year academic institution based in Brenham, Texas, with campuses in Brenham, Bryan, Schulenburg, and Sealy.	Blinn College	Brenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zgliniec (ˈzɡliɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zgliniec	Gmina Krzywiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Governor Nelson State Park is a 422-acre (171 ha) Wisconsin state park in Waunakee, Dane County, Wisconsin on the shore of Lake Mendota.	Governor Nelson State Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bugandeh (Persian: بوگنده‎, also Romanized as Būgandeh) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bugandeh	Mahur Berenji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Indian Meeting House (also known as the Old Indian Church) is a historic meeting house at 410 Meetinghouse Road in Mashpee, Massachusetts.	Old Indian Meeting House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kent House railway station serves an area between Beckenham and Penge in the London Borough of Bromley in Greater London: it takes its name from Kent House farm nearby, historically the first house in Kent after crossing the Surrey border.	Kent House railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bantham Cross is a small village near Churchstow, in Devon, in England.	Bantham Cross	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Advanced Technology & Education Park (ATEP) is a part of the California Community Colleges system.	Advanced Technology & Education Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocumare de la Costa (Spanish pronunciation: (okuˈmaɾe ðe la ˈkosta)) is a small coastal town and the capital of the Ocumare de la Costa de Oro Municipality, located 25 miles north of Aragua, Venezuela.	Ocumare de la Costa	Aragua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clements Mountain (8,760 feet (2,670 m)) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana Clements Mountain rises to the west of Logan Pass and above the Hidden Lake Trail which leads to Hidden Lake just west of the continental divide.	Clements Mountain	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waberthwaite is a civil parish on the estuary of the River Esk part of Copeland, Cumbria, England.	Waberthwaite	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baraniha (Persian: بارانيها‎, also Romanized as Bārānīhā; also known as Bārānī and Bālānī) is a in Fajr Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Baraniha	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWER is a Contemporary Christian and Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Colonial Beach, Virginia.	WWER	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Weissfluhjoch (2,693 m (8,835 ft)) is a summit southeast of the Weissfluh (2,843 m (9,327 ft)) situated in the Plessur Range in Graubünden.	Weissfluhjoch	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradford Abbas is a village and civil parish in north west Dorset, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Yeovil and 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of Sherborne.	Bradford Abbas	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacholęta (paxɔˈlɛnta) (German: Pakulent) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Pacholęta	Gmina Widuchowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Athelstaneford /ˈæθəlsteɪnfərd/ (Scots: Atholstanefuird or Elshinthurd) is a village in East Lothian, Scotland.	Athelstaneford	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDIS (AM 1170) was a radio station licensed to Norfolk, Massachusetts.	WDIS	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lou Ellen Parmelee House, located at 570 Archer St. in Monterey, California, is a historic Queen Anne style house.	Lou Ellen Parmelee House	Monterey
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRFC (88.9 FM) is a community-based, radio station located in Fort Collins, Colorado, USA.	KRFC	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sayyar Ahmadabad-e Movali (Persian: سياراحمدابادموالي‎, also Romanized as Sayyār Aḩmadābād-e Movālī; also known as Sayyār Aḩmadābād and Sayyār-e Movālī) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sayyar Ahmadabad-e Movali	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chogha Khandaq (Persian: چغاخندق‎, also Romanized as Choghā Khandaq and Choqā Khandaq) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chogha Khandaq	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sikanni Range is a subrange of the Omineca Mountains in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, located between the Omineca and Atsika Rivers.	Sikanni Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sivjan (Persian: سيوجان‎, also Romanized as Sīvjān, Seyowjān, Sīojān, Sīūjān, Sivajan, and Sīyūjān; also known as Dabestān-e Seyyowjān and Sīrjān) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sivjan	Khusf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sol Friedman House Toyhill, was built in Pleasantville, New York in 1948.	Sol Friedman House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petatlán is a city in Petatlán Municipality located along the Pacific Coast of the state of Guerrero in Mexico.	Petatlán	Guerrero
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linkwood Wildlife Management Area is a 313-acre (1.27 km2) Wildlife Management Area in the state of Maryland.	Linkwood Wildlife Management Area	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfarjan Rural District (Persian: دهستان اسفرجان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Esfarjan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topiary Lucere is a public art work by American artist Steve Feren located in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin at a Marriott Hotel near the intersection of Plankinton and Wisconsin Avenues.	Topiary Lucere	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrzeszów County (Polish: powiat ostrzeszowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Ostrzeszów County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berwartstein Castle (German: Burg Berwartstein) is a castle in the Wasgau, the southern part of the Palatinate Forest in the state Rhineland-Palatinate in southwestern Germany.	Berwartstein Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Postakan (Persian: پستكان‎, also Romanized as Postakān; also known as Powstakān) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Postakan	Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Universel Murad Hassil is one of the three international Universal Sufi Temples and is located in Katwijk aan Zee in the Netherlands.	Universel Murad Hassil	Katwijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Qaleh-ye Khoskheh Rud (Persian: پاقلعه خشكه رود‎, also Romanized as Pā Qal``eh-ye Khoshkeh Rūd) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 9 families.	Pa Qaleh-ye Khoskheh Rud	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchominko (vjɛʂxɔˈminkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wierzchominko	Gmina Będzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enilda is a hamlet in northern Alberta within Big Lakes County, located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of Highway 49, approximately97 kilometres (60 mi) northeast of Grande Prairie.	Enilda	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kishunpur (Hindi: किशुनपुर, Urdu: کِشُن پور‎) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Fatehpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Kishunpur	Fatehpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belokurikha (Russian: Белоку́риха) is a town and a balneological resort in Altai Krai, Russia, located on the Bolshaya Belokurikha River 250 kilometers (160 mi) south of Barnaul, the administrative center of the krai.	Belokurikha	Altai Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	As KFNA, and now KORQ, 96.1 FM has been a commercial radio station broadcasting to the Abilene, Texas area.	KFNA	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Euskalduna Conference Centre and Concert Hall (Euskalduna Jauregia, in Basque) is located in the city of Bilbao, in the Basque Country (Spain), beside the Estuary of Bilbao, built in part of the area that was formerly occupied by the Euskalduna shipyards.	Euskalduna Conference Centre and Concert Hall	Bilbao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Emanu-El-Beth Sholom, Westmount is a Reform synagogue in Westmount, Quebec.	Temple Emanu-El-Beth Sholom	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coney Island Velodrome was a mid-sized sports arena in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn in New York City, USA.	Coney Island Velodrome	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	SUNY Orange, or Orange County Community College, is a two-year college in the State University of New York (SUNY) system offering almost 40 associate degrees and certificate programs.	SUNY Orange	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bydlin (ˈbɨdlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bydlin	Gmina Klucze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Navy and Munitions Buildings were constructed in 1918 along Constitution Avenue (then known as B Street) on Washington, D.C.'s National Mall (Potomac Park), to provide temporary quarters for the United States Military.	Main Navy and Munitions Buildings	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Jahanabad (Persian: شاه جهان اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Shāh Jahānābād; also known as Rūḥābād (Persian: روح اباد), Hashtābād, and Shā Jahān) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shah Jahanabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasheh (Persian: حشه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasheh and Hashāh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hasheh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bundesstraße 178 (B178) is a German federal highway in the east of the Saxony.	Bundesstraße 178	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenatagh (Armenian: Շենաթաղ, also Romanized as Shenat’agh and Shenatag; formerly, Shinagat, Lernashen, and Lerrnashen) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Shenatagh	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miguel Contreras Learning Complex (MCLC) is a high school in Downtown Los Angeles, California, United States.	Miguel Contreras Learning Complex	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arizona Stadium is an outdoor college football stadium in Tucson, Arizona.	Arizona Stadium	Tucson
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zadar County (Croatian: Zadarska županija) is a county in Croatia, it encompasses northern Dalmatia and southeastern Lika.	Zadar County	Croatia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Witenwasserenstock (3,082 m) is a peak between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri, located in the Lepontine Alps.	Witenwasserenstock	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yizhang County (simplified Chinese: 宜章县; traditional Chinese: 宜章縣; pinyin: Yízhāng Xiàn) is under the administration of Chenzhou, Hunan province, China.	Yizhang County	Chenzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adrijanci (pronounced (adɾiˈjaːntsi); Hungarian: Andorháza) is a village in the Municipality of Gornji Petrovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Adrijanci	Gornji Petrovci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacobstowe is a village and civil parish on the west bank of the River Okement, about 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Okehampton in the West Devon district of Devon, England.	Jacobstowe	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalamalka Lake Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in Coldstream, British Columbia, Canada.	Kalamalka Lake Provincial Park and Protected Area	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biameh (Persian: بيامه‎, also Romanized as Bīāmeh and Bayāmeh) is a village in Bivanij Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Biameh	Bivanij Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	3 Hudson Boulevard, formerly known as the GiraSole, is a supertall skyscraper approved for construction in Manhattan's Hudson Yards and Hell's Kitchen neighborhoods along the Hudson Park and Boulevard in New York City.	3 Hudson Boulevard	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deepcut is a 20th-century military village in Surrey Heath, Surrey, 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Camberley, its post town and only town in the borough -- it was from 1866 until 1894 part of Frimley, before which it was part of Ash.	Deepcut	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	George W. Stearns High School (commonly Stearns High School or SHS) is a coeducational public secondary school in Millinocket, Maine, United States, and is part of the Millinocket School Department.	George W. Stearns High School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omm Arqal-e Seh (Persian: ام ارقال سه‎, also Romanized as Omm Ārqāl-e Seh) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Omm Arqal-e Seh	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centennial Covered Bridge is a covered bridge located in Cottage Grove, Oregon, United States.	Centennial Covered Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackford Hill railway station was a railway station in the Blackford area of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Blackford Hill railway station	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipsko-Kosobudy (ˈlipskɔ kɔsɔˈbudɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lipsko-Kosobudy	Gmina Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomme de Terre State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri consisting of 734.44 acres (297.22 ha) located on Pomme de Terre Lake in Hickory County.	Pomme de Terre State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brendon Hills are a range of hills in west Somerset, England.	Brendon Hills	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antimony Peak is a steep peak located in southern Kern County, in the San Emigdio Mountains of the Transverse Ranges of California.	Antimony Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darabani (Romanian pronunciation: (daraˈbanʲ)) is a town in Botoşani County, Moldavia, Romania, and is the northernmost town in Romania.	Darabani	Botoşani County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokoliniec (sɔkɔˈliɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sokoliniec	Gmina Recz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaver Dam Railroad was a short-line railroad that operated in the U.S. states of Virginia and Tennessee in the early 20th century between the towns of Damascus, Virginia and Crandull, Tennessee.	Beaver Dam Railroad	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piershill railway station was a railway station in Edinburgh, Scotland, on a loop off the main line.	Piershill railway station	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nicholson File Company Mill Complex is an historic industrial manufacturing complex at 1-45 Acorn Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	Nicholson File Company Mill Complex	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarsareh (Persian: سرسره‎) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sarsareh	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owlar (Persian: اولر‎; also known as Rabīʿyeh) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Owlar	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walhorn is a village in the municipality of Lontzen, in the German speaking area of the province of Liège, Belgium.	Walhorn	Lontzen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J S Battye Library (more properly known as the J. S. Battye Library of West Australian History) is an arm of the State Library of Western Australia.	J S Battye Library	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villesse (Friulian: Vilès) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Gorizia.	Villesse	Province of Gorizia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espidabad (Persian: اسپيداباد‎, also Romanized as Espīdābād) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Espidabad	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Country Club Gardens is a residential neighborhood in Planning District Five (D5) of New Orleans, Louisiana, in the United States comprising homes along six streets:	Country Club Gardens	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quartz Mountain Nature Park is located in southwest Oklahoma at the western end of the Wichita Mountains, 13 miles (21 km) east of Mangum, Oklahoma and 20 miles (32 km) north of Altus, Oklahoma.	Quartz Mountain Nature Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Donna Buang is a mountain in the southern reaches of the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range, located in the Australian state of Victoria.	Mount Donna Buang	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parmoor is a hamlet to the south of Frieth in the parish of Hambleden, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Parmoor	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meppen is a town in and the seat of the Emsland district of Lower Saxony, Germany, at the confluence of the Ems, Hase, and Nordradde rivers and the Dortmund-Ems canal (DEK).	Meppen	Emsland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Sterling Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church building near the junction of Choctaw County Road 43 and Choctaw County Road 27 in the rural community of Mount Sterling, Alabama.	Mount Sterling Methodist Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durchholzen is a village in the municipality of Walchsee in the Austrian state of Tyrol and has 570 inhabitants.	Durchholzen	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Oaks is a small nature reserve and wildlife refuge park in the Santa Monica Mountains, within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, and managed by the National Park Service in southern California.	Rocky Oaks	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coney Hall is an area of south east London within the London Borough of Bromley.	Coney Hall	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Boglia (also known as Colma Regia) is a mountain whose peak is along the border of Ticino, Switzerland and Lombardy, Italy.	Monte Boglia	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rambam Health Care Campus (Hebrew: רמב``ם - הקריה הרפואית לבריאות האדם‎), or Rambam Hospital, is a hospital in the Bat Galim neighborhood of Haifa, Israel.	Rambam Health Care Campus	Haifa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A. Armstrong Farm was a historic farm located at Hockessin, New Castle County, Delaware.	A. Armstrong Farm	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsenkhar Gewog (Dzongkha: སཙན་མཁར་) is a gewog (village block) of Lhuntse District, Bhutan.	Tsenkhar Gewog	Lhuntse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wągródka (vɔnˈɡrutka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wągródka	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amiral Orhan Aydın Sports Hall (Turkish: Amiral Orhan Aydın Spor Salonu) is an indoor arena located in Marmaris town of Muğla Province, Turkey.	Amiral Orhan Aydın Sports Hall	Marmaris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The EJZ Bridge over Shoshone River is a Warren pony truss bridge located near Lovell, Wyoming, which carries Big Horn County Road CN9-111 (Cowley-Lovell Road) across the Shoshone River.	EJZ Bridge over Shoshone River	Wyoming	Big Horn County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinogóra (ɕinɔˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sinogóra	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khersabad-e Bozorg (Persian: خرس ابادبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Khersābād-e Bozorg; also known as Khersābād) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khersabad-e Bozorg	Baladarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pudłówek (pudˈwuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pudłówek	Gmina Poddębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Panoche Hills are a low mountain range in the Southern Inner California Coast Ranges System, in western Fresno County, California.	Panoche Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanesa (Persian: نانسا‎, also Romanized as Nānesā'') is a village in Khezerlu Rural District, in the Central District of Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nanesa	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luméville-en-Ornois is a village and a former French commune of the Meuse department in the administrative region of Lorraine, in north-eastern France.	Luméville-en-Ornois	Meuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Danville Area School District ia a midsized, rural, public school district which spans portions of two counties in Pennsylvania.	Danville Area School District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przetocznicki Młyn (pʂɛtɔt͡ʂˈnit͡ski ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Przetocznicki Młyn	Gmina Skąpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherkat-e Sahra (Persian: شركت صحرا‎, also Romanized as Sherḵat-e Saḥrā) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sherkat-e Sahra	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latham Circle Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located adjacent to the Latham Circle (the intersection of US 9 and NY 2) in Latham, New York.	Latham Circle Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rožar (pronounced (ɾɔˈʒaːɾ); Italian: Rosaruolo, Istro-Venetian: Rosariòl) is a small village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Rožar	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordsachsen (``North Saxony'') is a district (Kreis) in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Nordsachsen	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Largo or Kirkton of Largo is a village near the East Neuk of Fife, Scotland.	Upper Largo	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiasma is a contemporary art museum located on Mannerheimintie in Helsinki, Finland.	Kiasma	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edinbane (Scottish Gaelic: An t-Aodann Bàn the fair hill-face) is a small village on the island of Skye, Scotland.	Edinbane	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tufts University is a private research university located in Medford, in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.	Tufts University	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bąblinek (bɔmˈblinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bąblinek	Gmina Oborniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Civic Center Financial District is a historic district composed of five buildings near the intersection of Colorado Boulevard and Marengo Avenue in Pasadena, California.	Civic Center Financial District	Pasadena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niziołki-Dobki (niˈʑɔu̯ki ˈdɔpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Niziołki-Dobki	Gmina Kulesze Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Rucker is a U.S. Army post located mostly in Dale County, Alabama, United States.	Fort Rucker	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The XL Center (originally known as the Hartford Civic Center) is a multi-purpose arena and convention center located in downtown Hartford, Connecticut.	XL Center	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aulepa (Swedish: Dirslätt; Estonian Swedish: Dihlet) is a village in Noarootsi Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.	Aulepa	Noarootsi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rathbraughan (Irish: Rath Breacháin ) is a townland in County Sligo, Ireland just north of Sligo Town.	Rathbraughan	County Sligo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeland Airport (IATA: ARV, ICAO: KARV, FAA LID: ARV), also known as Noble F. Lee Memorial Field, is a public airport near Arbor Vitae, a town in Vilas County, Wisconsin, United States.	Lakeland Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saltmills (Irish: Muileann an tSáile) is a small village located in the south-west of County Wexford, in Ireland.	Saltmills	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aeronut Park Balloonport (FAA LID: 13M) is a public-use balloon airport located four nautical miles (7 km) east of the central business district of Howell, a city in Livingston County, Michigan, United States.	Aeronut Park Balloonport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zetland Hall is the name given to two buildings in Hong Kong, one historic, the other modern.	Zetland Hall	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenham Heath is a hamlet in Kent situated on the southern edge of the North Downs, halfway between Maidstone and Ashford.	Lenham Heath	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aiken's Tavern Historic District is a historic district in New Castle County, Delaware, comprising the historic center of the village of Glasgow.	Aiken's Tavern Historic District	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooksville Army Airfield, was a United States Army Air Forces airfield constructed during World War II, located 7.2 miles (11.6 km) southwest of Brooksville, Florida.	Brooksville Army Airfield	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarmaseh (Persian: قرمسه‎) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Gomishan District, Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qarmaseh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maniewo (maˈɲevɔ) (German: Marienau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Maniewo	Gmina Oborniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osowa Drobińska (ɔˈsɔva drɔˈbiɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osowa Drobińska	Gmina Siemiątkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ossian H. Sweet House is a privately owned house located at 2905 Garland Street in Detroit, Michigan.	Ossian H. Sweet House	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garden Peninsula is a peninsula of 22 miles (35 km) in length that extends southwestward into Lake Michigan from the mainland of Michigan's Upper Peninsula.	Garden Peninsula	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gateh Deh (Persian: گته ده‎) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Gateh Deh	Alborz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WURC (88.1 FM), is a National Public Radio member station in Holly Springs, Mississippi, USA, owned and operated by Rust College.	WURC	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiełkowo (kʲɛu̯ˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlec, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiełkowo	Gmina Siedlec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timma is a village development committee in Bhojpur District in the Kosi Zone of eastern Nepal.	Timma	Bhojpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiśniówek-Kolonia (viɕˈɲuvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wiśniówek-Kolonia	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Wake High School (formerly known as Vaiden Whitley High School) is located in Wendell, North Carolina.	East Wake High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namrur (Persian: نمرور‎, also Romanized as Namrūr, Namarūr, Namarvar, and Namroor; also known as Nām Āvāran, Namrūd, and Nahār Khūrān) is a village in Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Namrur	Bedevostan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Karanj (Persian: كل كارنج‎, also Romanized as Kal Kāranj and Kal Kārenj) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kal Karanj	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Troszyn Polski (ˈtrɔʂɨn ˈpɔlski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Troszyn Polski	Gmina Gąbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkshires (/ˈbɜrkʃərz/ or /ˈbɜrkʃɪərz/), is a highland geologic region located in the western parts of Massachusetts and Connecticut, although the term ``Berkshires'' is normally used by locals in reference to the portion of the mountain range that lies within Massachusetts.	The Berkshires	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Common School No. 10 is a historic one-room school building located in Accord in Ulster County, New York.	Common School No. 10	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Kern Golf Course is an 18-hole public golf course located in Kern County, California.	North Kern Golf Course	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capitol Technology University (formerly Capitol College) is a private, nonprofit, nonsectarian, regionally-accredited university northeast of Washington, DC. It is located on 52 acres in unincorporated South Laurel, Maryland in Prince George's County, west of the Baltimore--	Capitol Technology University	Laurel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeżewsko (jɛˈʐɛfskɔ) (German: Gesifzig) is a settlement in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jeżewsko	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNMT is a talk radio station in Hibbing, Minnesota that broadcasts over the preassigned frequency of 650 AM.	WNMT	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Now-e Jameh (Persian: دهنوجمعه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Now-e Jamʿeh; also known as Deh-e Now) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Now-e Jameh	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benjaminville Friends Meeting House and Burial Ground is a Friends Meeting House of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers), located north of the rural village of Holder in McLean County, Illinois.	Benjaminville Friends Meeting House and Burial Ground	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabadell (Catalan pronunciation: (səβəˈðeʎ)) is the second largest city in the comarca of the Vallès Occidental in Catalonia, Spain.	Sabadell	Vallès Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honghe County (红河县; pinyin: Hónghé Xiàn) is located in Honghe Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Honghe County	Honghe Hani and Yi Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Memorial State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi located off Mississippi Highway 492 approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) east of Walnut Grove.	Golden Memorial State Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clara Barton Homestead, also known as the Clara Barton Birthplace Museum, is a historic house museum at 60 Clara Barton Road in Oxford, Massachusetts.	Clara Barton Homestead	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willingboro Public Library (WPL), located in Willingboro Township, New Jersey, is the municipal public library for the community of 36,500.	Willingboro Public Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aultiphurst (Scottish Gaelic: Allt a' Phuirt), in Strathy, Sutherland, is a village in the Scottish Highlands of Scotland.	Aultiphurst	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tŷ Croes is a small settlement two miles east of Rhosneigr, Anglesey, north Wales.	Tŷ Croes	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozkoszówka (rɔskɔˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rozkoszówka	Gmina Uchanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Banggai regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Banggai) is a regency located at the eastern end of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia.	Banggai regency	Central Sulawesi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Ugly Wildlife Management Area is located on 3,061 acres (1,239 ha) near Logan in Lincoln County, West Virginia.	Big Ugly Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy of Music Theatre is located in and owned by the City of Northampton, Massachusetts, which received the deed in 1892 from former owner and builder Edward H. R. Lyman.	Academy of Music Theatre	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carson National Forest is a national forest in northern New Mexico, United States.	Carson National Forest	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Margemari (Persian: حسن ابادمرگ ماري‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Margemārī; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩasanābād-e Mārmeh) is a village in Banaruiyeh Rural District, Banaruiyeh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Margemari	Banaruiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzar (Persian: همزارع‎, also Romanized as Hamzārʿ) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hamzar	Keybar Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębianki (dɛmˈbjanki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dębianki	Gmina Topólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hungry Range, or Hungry Mountain is a low, elongated mountain in Washoe County, Nevada.	Hungry Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumsey Hall School is a co-educational boarding and country day school for grades K-9 located in Washington, Connecticut.	Rumsey Hall School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maryina roshcha District (Russian: райо́н Ма́рьина ро́ща, lit. ``Mary's grove'') is an administrative district (raion), one of the seventeen in North-Eastern Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia.	Maryina roshcha District	North-Eastern Administrative Okrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdziechowice Pierwsze (zd͡ʑɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików, within Stalowa Wola County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Zdziechowice Pierwsze	Gmina Zaklików
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lybohora (Ukrainian: Либохо́ра, Polish: Libochora) is a village (selo) in Skole Raion, Lviv Oblast (province) of Western Ukraine.	Lybohora	Skole Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodzęcin (bɔˈd͡zɛnt͡ɕin) (German: Basenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osina, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bodzęcin	Gmina Osina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manchac Swamp Bridge is a twin concrete trestle bridge in the U.S. state of Louisiana.	Manchac Swamp Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wood End Light Lookout Station is a historic lighthouse, located at the southwest end of Long Point in Provincetown, Massachusetts.	Wood End Light	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conestoga Town is a historic archaeological site memorializing the Native American tribal village which stood on the site from the late 17th into the mid-18th-century; it is located at what is now Manor Township in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Conestoga Town	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louisville and Nashville Passenger Station and Express Building is a historic Louisville and Nashville Railroad depot in Pensacola, Florida.	Louisville and Nashville Passenger Station and Express Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boone's Mounds are a ceremonial site of the Coles Creek culture located in Calhoun County, Arkansas.	Boone's Mounds	Calhoun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abshurak (Persian: ابشورك‎, also Romanized as Ābshūrak and Āb Shūrk; also known as Ābsūreh) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Abshurak	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzeczka (ˈʐɛt͡ʂka) (German: Dorfbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walim, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rzeczka	Gmina Walim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahshiri (Persian: شه شيري‎, also Romanized as Shahshīrī; also known as Shamshīrī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahshiri	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camperdown Works was a jute works in Dundee, Scotland, which covered around 30 acres and at one point employed over 14,000 mostly female workers.	Camperdown Works	Dundee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoellner Arts Center is an arts center located on the campus of Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Zoellner Arts Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Susan (Persian: دره سوسن‎, also Romanized as Darreh Sūsan) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Susan	Sornabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lupin Mine was a gold mine in Nunavut Territory, Canada.	Lupin Mine	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Happy Rock is a roadside attraction in Gladstone, Manitoba, Canada.	Happy Rock	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dutch Gap Canal Lights were built to mark the ends of Dutch Gap Canal, now called Dutch Gap Cutoff, which is a 3⁄4 nautical mile (1.4 km; 0.86 mi) cut across the base of an oxbow in the James River between Hopewell and Richmond, Virginia.	Dutch Gap Canal Lights	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highbanks Metropolitan Park Mounds I and II (also known as the Muma Mound and the Orchard Mound or the Selvey Mound) are two archaeological sites located within Highbanks Metro Park in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Highbanks Metropolitan Park Mounds I and II	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarah Eliza Harris House, located at 375 E. 200 North in Beaver, Utah, is a historic house built up around an original adobe cabin from c.1865.	Sarah Eliza Harris House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Harbour Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Fall River, Massachusetts, United States, at the intersection of Route 24 and Route 81.	New Harbour Mall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Getena Gewog (Dzongkha: གད་སྟག་ན་) is a gewog (village block) of Chukha District, Bhutan.	Getena Gewog	Chukha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Examination Schools of the University of Oxford are located at 75--81 High Street, Oxford, England.	Examination Schools	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kęsów (ˈkɛ̃suf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kęsów	Gmina Opatowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEDB (105.3 FM) is a commercial radio station that serves Iowa with oldies music and sports programming.	KEDB	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klamry (ˈklamrɨ) (German: Klammer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Klamry	Gmina Chełmno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savignac-Lédrier is a commune in the Dordogne department of Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Savignac-Lédrier	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Västmanland County (Västmanlands län) is a county or län in central Sweden.	Västmanland County	Sweden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangystennin (sometimes spelt Llangwstennin) is a rural parish to the south-east of Llandudno and Llanrhos in Conwy County Borough, north Wales.	Llangystennin	Conwy County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landaran (Persian: لندران‎, also Romanized as Landarān) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Landaran	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrsanati-ye Takestan (Persian: شهرصنعتي تاكستان‎, also Romanized as Shahrṣanʿatī-ye Tāḵestān) is a village in Narjeh Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shahrsanati-ye Takestan	Narjeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Shearith Israel Graveyard -- also known as Chatham Square Cemetery -- is a tiny graveyard at 55-57 St James Place in Lower Manhattan, New York City, New York.	First Shearith Israel Graveyard	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garrapata State Park is a state park of California, USA, located on Highway 1 6.7 miles (10.8 km) south of Carmel and 18 miles (29 km) north of Big Sur on the Monterey coast.	Garrapata State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cotheridge is a village and civil parish (with Broadwas) in the district of Malvern Hills in the county of Worcestershire, England.	Cotheridge	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herzberg Castle (German: Schloss Herzberg) is a German schloss in Herzberg am Harz in the district of Osterode am Harz in the state of Lower Saxony.	Herzberg Castle	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbczyn (ˈdɔmpt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dąbczyn	Gmina Ciechanowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrajnica (skrai̯ˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skrajnica	Gmina Olsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hobe Sound Bible College is a Christian college in Hobe Sound, Florida, United States, located 25 miles north of West Palm Beach, Florida east of U.S. Route 1.	Hobe Sound Bible College	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pan Burying Ground (also known as the Pan Cemetery, East Burying Ground, and East Cemetery) is an historic cemetery on 477 Main Street in Bolton, Massachusetts.	Pan Burying Ground	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dash Pasak (Persian: داش پسك‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Pasak) is a village in Firuraq Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Pasak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowasseseh-ye Gavdari Salehpur (Persian: موسسه گاوداري صالح پور‎, also Romanized as Mowasseseh-ye Gāvdārī Şāleḥpūr) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mowasseseh-ye Gavdari Salehpur	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muriel Sutherland Snowden International School at Copley (formerly Copley High School) is a public high school located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Snowden International School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Southwest Point was a federal frontier outpost at what is now Kingston, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Fort Southwest Point	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krężołek (krɛ̃ˈʐɔwɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Krężołek	Gmina Łopuszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płosa (ˈpwɔsa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przeworno, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Płosa	Gmina Przeworno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Delton is a man-made freshwater lake in Sauk County in central Wisconsin.	Lake Delton	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Ahmad Beyk (Persian: قلعه احمدبيك‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Aḩmad Beyk) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 39 families.	Qaleh-ye Ahmad Beyk	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florence Park is a city-owned public park in the Florence neighborhood of North Omaha, Nebraska.	Florence Park	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highline Ballroom is a music venue and nightclub located at 431 West 16th Street in Manhattan in New York City.	Highline Ballroom	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Breaks National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located in the U.S. state of Utah near Cedar City.	Cedar Breaks National Monument	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Sójki (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈsui̯ki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Sójki	Gmina Kutno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake McQueeney is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River located 5 miles (8 km) west of Seguin in Guadalupe County, Texas, USA.	Lake McQueeney	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrowo Szlacheckie (ɔsˈtrɔvɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Adelshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ostrowo Szlacheckie	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Galvazan (Persian: تازه كندگلوزان‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Galvazān; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Galvazan	Shal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Genesius Theatre opened in a storefront in Reading, Pennsylvania in 1971.	Genesius Theatre	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roswell Museum and Art Center is located in Roswell, New Mexico, USA, and features exhibits about the art and history of the American Southwest.	Roswell Museum and Art Center	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Bodaghlu (Persian: شاه بداغلو‎, also Romanized as Shāh Bodāghlū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shah Bodaghlu	Bastamlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowans Ford Hydroelectric Station is a hydroelectric power plant and dam located near Huntersville, North Carolina, approximately 20 miles north of Charlotte on Lake Norman.	Cowans Ford Hydroelectric Station	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFSC-LP (94.1 FM) was a radio station licensed to broadcast in Visalia, California, United States.	KFSC-LP	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upham's Corner, or Uphams Corner (without the apostrophe), is a commercial center in Dorchester, the largest and most historic neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts The intersection of Dudley Street/Stoughton Street and Columbia Road is the heart of Upham's Corner, and one of Dorchester's main business districts.	Uphams Corner	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parr Reservoir or Parr Shoals Reservoir is an impoundment of the Broad River in Peak, South Carolina.	Parr Reservoir	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donegal Presbyterian Church Complex is a historic Presbyterian church complex on Donegal Springs Road in East Donegal Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Donegal Presbyterian Church Complex	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majeshti (Persian: مجشتي‎, also Romanized as Majeshtī, Machasht, Māchashtī , Mah Jashtī, Mahjeshti, Majashti, and Majestī) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Majeshti	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waldo Street Police Station is a historic former police station on Waldo Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Waldo Street Police Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Keh Nurmarad (Persian: دركه نورمراد‎, also Romanized as Dar Keh Nūrmarād) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dar Keh Nurmarad	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baselga di Pinè (German: Wasilig-Pineid) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of Trento.	Baselga di Pinè	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estate Little Princess is a historic plantation site located northwest of Christiansted in Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands.	Estate Little Princess	Christiansted
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corfe is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated below the Blackdown Hills 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Corfe	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windmill Island Gardens is a municipal park located in the city of Holland, Michigan.	Windmill Island	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tecopa Hills are a mountain range of the Mojave Desert in extreme eastern Inyo County, California.	Tecopa Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freinsheim station is a station in Freinsheim in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Freinsheim station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crescent Beach State Park is state-operated, public recreation area on the Atlantic Ocean in Cape Elizabeth, Maine, United States.	Crescent Beach State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasauvage (Luxembourgish: Zowaasch) (German: -- notionally only -- Rohrbach) is a small town in the commune of Differdange, in south-western Luxembourg.	Lasauvage	Differdange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavkaran (Persian: گاوكران‎, also Romanized as Gāvkarān, Gav Karan, and Gāv Korān) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Gavkaran	Miyan Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beverly Drive-In Theatre was constructed in 1948 as a cinema structure in Forrest County, Mississippi.	Beverly Drive-In Theatre	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	B.M.C. Durfee High School is an historic former high school building at 289 Rock Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.	B.M.C. Durfee High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Jewish Museum, or AJM, is a contemporary Jewish art museum located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	American Jewish Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokołowo-Parcele (sɔkɔˈwɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obryte, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sokołowo-Parcele	Gmina Obryte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limington is a village and parish in Somerset, England, situated 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Limington	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Branch Wildlife Management Area is 1,092 acres (4.42 km2) of mixed oak-hickory woodlands and pastures in Hampshire and Hardy Counties, West Virginia, USA.	South Branch Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurab Guh (Persian: گوراب گوه‎, also Romanized as Gūrāb Gūh; also known as Gūrāb Kūh) is a village in Rostam-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gurab Guh	Rostam-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lord Simcoe Hotel was one of many of lost hotels in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Lord Simcoe Hotel	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Symbolic Globe is a monument, since November 1995 situated on the piazza of UNESCO in Paris, France, surrounded by the flags of all nations, pointing out that this is the headquarters of the international organization.	The Symbolic Globe	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Breites Wasser is a lake in the borough of Osterholz-Scharmbeck in the German state of Lower Saxony on the terrain of the Teufelsmoor.	Breites Wasser	Osterholz-Scharmbeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Golek-e Sofla (Persian: چشمه گلك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Golek-e Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Golek-e Pā’īn) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Golek-e Sofla	Balaband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahri (Persian: زهري‎, also Romanized as Zahrī; also known as Zahīr) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zahri	Kuh Hamayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangar-e Mir Abdollah (Persian: سنگرميرعبداله‎, also Romanized as Sangar-e Mīr ``Abdollāh) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 416, in 112 families.	Sangar-e Mir Abdollah	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brockman 2 mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 60 kilometres north-west of Tom Price.	Brockman 2 mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KESP (970 AM) is an all-sports radio station in Modesto, California, USA.	KESP	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fereydunkenar (Persian: فريدونكنار‎, also Romanized as Fereydūnkenār, Fereydūn Kenār, Fāridūn Kinār, and Fereidun Kenar; also known as Qaşabeh) is a city in and the capital of Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Fereydunkenar	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basin Street East was a notable nightclub of the 1960s in New York City.	Basin Street East	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mafan (Persian: مافان‎, also Romanized as Māfān; also known as Māfūn and Mārfan) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mafan	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tondu (English: Black Sward) is a village in Bridgend County Borough, Wales, located about 3 miles (4.8 km) north of the town of Bridgend.	Tondu	Bridgend County Borough	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghazali Rural District (Persian: دهستان غزالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ghazali Rural District	Miyan Jolgeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mahnke House is an historical residential building located in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Mahnke House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaznów-Kolonia (ˈkaznuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Lubelski, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kaznów-Kolonia	Gmina Ostrów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mendocino Presbyterian Church is an historic Carpenter Gothic style Presbyterian church building located at 44831 Main Street, in Mendocino, California.	Mendocino Presbyterian Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bojanci (pronounced (bɔˈjaːntsi); German: Bojanze) is a village in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Bojanci	Črnomelj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukadło (kuˈkadwɔ) (German: Kuckädel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Kukadło	Gmina Bobrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dairsie, or Osnaburgh, is a village in north-east Fife, Scotland.	Dairsie	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zellik is an urbanised town with over 8,000 inhabitants in the municipality of Asse, in the province of Flemish Brabant, Belgium.	Zellik	Asse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowlatabad-e Seh (Persian: دولت اباد3‎, also Romanized as Dowlatābād-e Seh; also known as Dowlatābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dowlatabad-e Seh	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerry County Museum is a museum located in Tralee, County Kerry in Ireland.	Kerry County Museum	Tralee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llysworney (Welsh: Llyswyrni) is a small village in the Vale of Glamorgan, South Wales.	Llysworney	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shipton-on-Cherwell and Thrupp is a civil parish in Oxfordshire, England.	Shipton-on-Cherwell and Thrupp	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Air Station Los Angeles is a United States Coast Guard air station located at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) in Playa del Rey, California.	Coast Guard Air Station Los Angeles	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reykjanesbær is a municipality on the Southern Peninsula in Iceland.	Reykjanesbær	Iceland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadd-e Shahid Kazemi (Persian: سدشهيدكاظمي‎, also Romanized as Sadd-e Shahīd Kāz̧emī) is a village in Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sadd-e Shahid Kazemi	Behi-e Feyzolah Beygi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Euxton (/ˈɛkstən/ EX-tən) is a village and civil parish of the Borough of Chorley, in Lancashire, England.	Euxton	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dez Gereh-ye Afshar-e Pain (Persian: دزگره افشارپايين‎, also Romanized as Dez Gereh-ye Āfshār-e Pā’īn; also known as Dez Gereh) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Dez Gereh-ye Afshar-e Pain	Chashm Rural District	Semnan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomol Sara (Persian: گمل سرا‎, also Romanized as Gomol Sarā) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gomol Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tegel is a locality (Ortsteil) in the Berlin borough of Reinickendorf on the shore of Lake Tegel.	Tegel	Reinickendorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anröchte ( Anröchte ) is a municipality in the district of Soest, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Anröchte	Soest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babaganjeh (Persian: باباگنجه‎, also Romanized as Bābāganjeh) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Babaganjeh	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanollah (Persian: خان اله‎, also Romanized as Khānollāh) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khanollah	Siahkalrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roshven (Scottish Gaelic: Roisbheinn) is a township located on the coast between the Sound of Arisaig and Loch Ailort, in Lochaber, in the council area of Highland, Scotland.	Roshven	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Proctor Wilderness Area is a 475-acre (1.92 km2) wooded site located in east Seminole County, Florida, United States, near the town of Geneva and to the west of Lake Harney.	Lake Proctor Wilderness Area	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Concord Jazz Festival is an annual event that was established in 1969 in Concord, California.	Concord Jazz Festival	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jastrowiec (jasˈtrɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Lauterbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jastrowiec	Gmina Bolków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wendell High School is a four-year public secondary school located in Wendell, Idaho, U.S.A. It is the main high school operated by the Wendell School District.	Wendell High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muckhart (Scottish Gaelic: Muc-Àird) commonly refers to two small villages in Clackmannanshire, Scotland, Pool of Muckhart (Scottish Gaelic: Poll Mhuc-Àird) and Yetts o' Muckhart.	Muckhart	Clackmannanshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judge Ronald N. Davies High School, commonly referred to as Davies High School, is a public high school located in Fargo, North Dakota, United States.	Davies High School	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staunton River High School is one of the three high schools in Bedford County, Virginia.	Staunton River High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quaintance Block was the first storefront in historic downtown Golden, Colorado to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Quaintance Block	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Cumberland Regional Airport (IATA: SME, ICAO: KSME, FAA LID: SME) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Somerset, a city in Pulaski County, Kentucky, United States.	Lake Cumberland Regional Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zienie (ˈʑeɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zienie	Gmina Huszlew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeyarat-e Pain (Persian: زيارت پائين‎, also Romanized as Zeyārat-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Zeyarat-e Pain	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renaissance Apartments is a historic apartment building located at Hancock Street and Nostrand Avenue in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Renaissance Apartments	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shoreline Community College is a community college in Shoreline, Washington, United States, north of Seattle.	Shoreline Community College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Postomino is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.	Gmina Postomino	Sławno County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crocetta del Montello (or Croseta del Montel in the local Venetian dialect), formerly Crocetta Trevigiana, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Venice and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Treviso.	Crocetta del Montello	Province of Treviso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genai (Persian: گنايي‎, also Romanized as Genā``ī and Ganā``ī; also known as Ganā) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 554, in 131 families.	Genai	Dezhgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Pezeshki (Persian: مزرعه پزشكي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Pezeshkī) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Pezeshki	Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garnki (ˈɡarnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Garnki	Gmina Karlino
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUDR (98.1/99.5 FM) is a non-commercial, college radio station located on the campus of the University of Dayton in Dayton, Ohio.	WUDR	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rio Nido, California (From Spanish: Río Nido meaning Nest River) is a small, unincorporated resort community on the Russian River, in Sonoma County, California, United States.	Rio Nido, California	Sonoma County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yermal is a village in Udupi district of Karnataka state in India, between Uchila and Padubidri on National Highway 17.	Yermal	Udupi district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinneff is a roadside hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, just north of Inverbervie.	Kinneff	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taftafineh Shams Ali (Persian: تاف تافينه شمسعلي‎, also Romanized as Tāftāfīneh Shams ʿAlī; also known as Tāftāfīneh) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Taftafineh Shams Ali	Teshkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirnaseh-ye Zizi (Persian: زيرنسه زيزي‎, also Romanized as Zīrnaseh-ye Zīzī) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Zirnaseh-ye Zizi	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town Hall Arts Center is located in downtown Littleton, Colorado and has been a local professional theatre favorite, producing fine comedies, musicals and plays to the Denver Metro area for over 30 years.	Town Hall Arts Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cassaro (Sicilian: Càssaru, in the local dialect: Càssuru) is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily (Italy).	Cassaro	Province of Syracuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taloyoak or Talurjuaq (Inuktitut syllabics: ᑕᓗᕐᔪᐊᖅ), formerly known as Spence Bay until 1 July 1992; 2006 population 809) is located on the Boothia Peninsula, Kitikmeot, in Canada's Nunavut Territory.	Taloyoak	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surchan Mahalleh (Persian: سورچان محله‎, also Romanized as Sūrchān Maḩalleh) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Surchan Mahalleh	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMON is a sports-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Montgomery, West Virginia, USA, serving Eastern Kanawha County, West Virginia and Western Fayette County, West Virginia.	WMON	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Round Top Festival Institute is a musical institute established in 1971 by pianist James Dick in Round Top, Texas.	Round Top Festival Institute	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjerkaker is a part of the city of Tromsø in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.	Bjerkaker	Tromsø
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiyang County (simplified Chinese: 祁阳县; traditional Chinese: 祁陽縣; pinyin: Qíyáng Xiàn) is under the administration of Yongzhou, Hunan province, China.	Qiyang County	Yongzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bareh Tork (Persian: بره ترك‎, also Romanized as Berah Tarak) is a village in Boluran Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bareh Tork	Boluran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahuwadi is a tehsil in Karvir subdivision of Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Shahuwadi	Kolhapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMMR is a broadcast radio station licensed to Malta, Montana, serving Malta and Phillips County, Montana.	KMMR	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Francis Barracks is a historic structure constructed of coquina stone located on Marine Street in St. Augustine, Florida, named in honor of St. Francis of Assisi.	St. Francis Barracks	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houghton Saint Giles is a village within the civil parish of Barsham which is in the English county of Norfolk.	Houghton Saint Giles	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Javan Sheykh (Persian: جوان شيخ‎, also Romanized as Javān Sheykh) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Javan Sheykh	Owch Hacha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Masul (Persian: ابوماصول‎, also Romanized as Abū Māşūl) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Masul	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Snow Mountain Falls is a seasonal waterfall dropping 2,200 feet (670.56 m) off the east face of Snow Mountain in the drainage of the American River in Placer County, California.	East Snow Mountain Falls	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCluer North High School, founded in 1971, is a public school in Florissant, Missouri.	McCluer North High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir Mardan (Persian: شيرمردان‎, also Romanized as Shīr Mardān) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shir Mardan	Razliq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boondall Wetlands lie on the edge of Moreton Bay in the Brisbane suburb of Boondall between Nudgee Beach and Shorncliffe, in south-east Queensland, Australia.	Boondall Wetlands	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odpadki (ɔtˈpatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Odpadki	Gmina Ceków-Kolonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LeMay-America's Car Museum is a museum in the city of Tacoma, Washington.	America's Car Museum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison-Plains High School is a public high school near London, Ohio (Madison County).	Madison-Plains High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siadło Górne (ˈɕadwɔ ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Hohen Zahden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Siadło Górne	Gmina Kołbaskowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Downs is a racino in Berlin, Maryland, near Ocean City.	Ocean Downs	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajwadi is a small hamlet in the village of Nivendi near Ganapatipule in the Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra.	Rajwadi	Ratnagiri district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarostowo (jarɔsˈtɔvɔ) (German: Liebenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jarostowo	Gmina Recz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faqih Soleyman (Persian: فقيه سليمان‎, also Romanized as Faqīh Soleymān; also known as Faq-i-Sulaimān) is a village in Avalan Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Faqih Soleyman	Avalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mirassou Winery was a winery, founded in 1854 by Louis Pellier (1817-72) and his brother Pierre (1823-94) in what is now known as California's Silicon Valley, and for many years an icon of the agricultural heritage of the Santa Clara Valley.	Mirassou Winery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leavey Center, also known as the Leavey Activities Center or occasionally by its old nickname the Toso Pavilion, is Santa Clara University's indoor basketball arena in Santa Clara, California.	Leavey Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tantoti is a village in the Indian state of Rajasthan with a population of approximately 12,000.	Tantoti	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyu Khosavi Anqolab (Persian: سيوخسوانقلاب‎, also Romanized as Seyū Khosavī Ānqolāb; also known as Seyū Khosavī Morādkhān and So’ūkhsū-ye Morādkhān) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Seyu Khosavi Anqolab	Gholaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denklingen Castle is a historic building in the Denklingen district of Reichshof in the Oberbergischer Kreis of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Denklingen Castle	Reichshof
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isle of Axholme is a geographical area of North Lincolnshire, England.	Isle of Axholme	North Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadcasting Station, Abshar (Persian: ايستگاه راديوتلويزيون‎‎ -- Īstegāh-e Rādīo-Telvīzīon) is a company town and village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Broadcasting Station, Abshar	Abshar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlheim (also called Paxton) is a mansion located in the northeast part of Leesburg, Virginia.	Carlheim	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Zeh Kalut (Persian: حسن ابادزهكلوت‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Zeh Kalūt; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Zeh Kalut	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żuchlów (ˈʐuxluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żuchlów	Gmina Niechlów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charubuni (Persian: چروبوني‎, also Romanized as Charūbūnī; also known as Chardbūnī) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Charubuni	Bondar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golabkhvaran (Persian: گلابخواران‎, also Romanized as Golābkhvārān; also known as Golābkhvorān) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Golabkhvaran	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reedy Island Range Rear Lighthouse is a skeletal tower lighthouse near Taylor's Bridge, Delaware.	Reedy Island Range Rear Light	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larhang (Persian: لارهنگ‎, also Romanized as Lārhang; also known as Lārmang) is a village in Khavashod Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Larhang	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzelecki Highway is a short 55 kilometre highway that connects the towns of Leongatha, Victoria and Morwell, Victoria, through the major junctions of South Gippsland Highway and Princes Freeway.	Strzelecki Highway	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bunker Hill Historic District is the center of the town of Bunker Hill, West Virginia.	Bunker Hill Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	In Eker (also written as I-n-Eker or In Ekker) is a village in the commune of In Amguel, in Tamanrasset District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	In Eker	Tamanrasset District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laghar (Persian: لاغر‎, also Romanized as Lāghar) is a village in Seyfabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Laghar	Seyfabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miss Florence Diner is a historic diner at 99 Main Street in the Florence section of Northampton, Massachusetts.	Miss Florence Diner	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anush Mahalleh (Persian: انوش محله‎, also Romanized as Anūsh Maḩalleh; also known as Anūsh Maḩalleh-ye Avval, Jowkandān-e Avval, and Jūkandān-e Kūchek) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Anush Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brashear High School is a large, urban, magnet, public school in the Beechview neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Brashear High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Pere, Santa Caterina i la Ribera (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsam ˈpeɾə ˈsantə kətəˈɾinə j ɫə riˈβeɾə)) is a neighborhood in the Ciutat Vella district of Barcelona, Catalonia (Spain).	Sant Pere, Santa Caterina i la Ribera	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zane Shawnee Caverns is a cave system in Jefferson Township, Logan County, Ohio, United States.	Zane Shawnee Caverns	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stonelick Covered Bridge is located on Stonelick-Williams Corner Road in Clermont County, Ohio, crossing the Stonelick Creek.	Stonelick Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forum of Caesar, also known as Forum Iulium or Forum Julium, Forum Caesaris, is a forum (or plaza) built by Julius Caesar near the Forum Romanum in Rome in 46 BC.	Forum of Caesar	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boomtown Historic District comprises the western and southern portions of Martinsburg, West Virginia, generally along the alignments of West King Street and Winchester Avenue, following the general path of the town's electric streetcar system.	Boomtown Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpens (Catalan pronunciation: (əɫˈpɛns)) is a municipality situated in the Lluçanès zone, within the comarca of Osona, in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Alpens	Osona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adventist HealthCare Shady Grove Medical Center is a 305-licensed bed acute care facility located in Rockville, Maryland.	Adventist HealthCare Shady Grove Medical Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lajran Rural District (Persian: دهستان لجران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Lajran Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yarrbilgong Falls, a waterfall on the Coomera River, is located within Lamington National Park in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Yarrbilgong Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czepielin-Kolonia (t͡ʂɛˈpjɛlin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czepielin-Kolonia	Gmina Mordy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baxterley is a village and civil parish in the North Warwickshire district of Warwickshire in England.	Baxterley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Șiria (German: Hellburg; Hungarian: Világos) is a commune in Arad County, Romania.	Șiria	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McClung Museum of Natural History and Culture is a general museum located on the campus of the University of Tennessee in Knoxville.	McClung Museum of Natural History and Culture	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pidhaitsi Raion (Ukrainian: Підгаєцький район) is a district in the western part of Ternopil Oblast, western Ukraine.	Pidhaitsi Raion	Ternopil Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	The brewery is now a company called Bayerische Staatsbrauerei Weihenstephan (Bavarian State Brewery Weihenstephan, i.e. it is owned by the State of Bavaria) and closely related to the TUM and its graduate studies program for brewing and beverage manufacturing.	Weihenstephan	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edmonton Corn Maze is a popular attraction west of Edmonton, Alberta.	Edmonton Corn Maze	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çayeli (Laz: მაფავრი/Mapavri) is a town and district of Rize Province on the Black Sea coast of eastern Turkey, 18 km east of the city of Rize.	Çayeli	Rize Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Now Shamsabad (Persian: قلعه نوشمس اباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Now Shamsābād) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 961, in 229 families.	Qaleh Now Shamsabad	Shamsabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinchang (Chinese: 金昌; pinyin: Jīnchāng) is a prefecture-level city in the centre of Gansu province, People's Republic of China, bordering Inner Mongolia to the north.	Jinchang	Gansu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Khon (Thai: บ้านโคน) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phichai District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Ban Khon	Phichai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Jefferson Library is the main library for the University of Missouri--	Thomas Jefferson Library	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guntaseema is a village in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India with a population of about 3,000.	Guntaseema	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahrenviölfeld (Danish: Arenfjoldemark) is a municipality in Nordfriesland district, in northern Germany.	Ahrenviölfeld	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klawek (ˈklavɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Klawek	Gmina Wyrzysk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godzięba (ɡɔˈd͡ʑemba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Godzięba	Gmina Gniewkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Serra di Cassano is a building in Naples, Italy, built for the wealthy Serra family, one of the original 54 families of the 'old nobility' of Genoa, whose family was organized within an Albergo.	Palazzo Serra di Cassano	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watson Pond State Park is a small state park on the north side of Taunton, Massachusetts, USA.	Watson Pond State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruda Lubycka (ˈruda luˈbɨt͡ska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Ruda Lubycka	Gmina Lubycza Królewska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendel Brothers, Sons and Company Hat Factory, also known as ``The Hat Factory,'' is a historic factory building located in Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Hendel Brothers, Sons and Company Hat Factory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haraker is a locality in central Sweden and the historical church village of Haraker Civil Parish in Västerås Municipality, Västmanland County.	Haraker	Västmanland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Hill is a suburb in the London Borough of Barnet, England.	Mill Hill	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Fléville is a castle located in the commune of Fléville-devant-Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle, in Lorraine, France.	Château de Fléville	Fléville-devant-Nancy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Górna (ˈnɔva ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Górna	Gmina Błonie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Changi (Persian: عالي چنگي‎, also Romanized as ``Ālī Changī; also known as Ali Chagi and Ālī Jangī) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 867, in 191 families.	Ali Changi	Delvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raz Shirin (Persian: رزشيرين‎, also Romanized as Raz Shīrīn and Raz-e Shīrīn; also known as Zar-e Shīrīn) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Raz Shirin	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Fakhrai (Persian: عباس ابادفخرايي‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e Fakhrā''ī; also known as ``Abbāsābād) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 403, in 89 families.	Abbasabad-e Fakhrai	Qeblehi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandasamypalayam is the Village in Erode District belongs to Kollankoil Town Pachayat, located 34 km from Erode, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kandasamypalayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Agricultural University or RAU (previously known as the Royal Agricultural College or RAC) is a university located in Cirencester, Gloucestershire, UK.	Royal Agricultural University	Cirencester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skeleton Waterholes Creek is a waterway in the outer western and outer south-western regions of Melbourne, Victoria.	Skeleton Waterholes Creek	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavares Seaplane Base (FAA LID: FA1) is a city-owned, public-use seaplane base located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Tavares, a city in Lake County, Florida, United States.	Tavares Seaplane Base	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leźnica Mała (lɛʑˈnit͡sa ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Leźnica Mała	Gmina Łęczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newark Legal Center, also known as One Riverfront Center, is an office building in Newark, New Jersey located along the banks of the Passaic River and connected by a skywalk over Raymond Boulevard to Gateway Center and Penn Station.	Newark Legal Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tieton Dam is an earth and concrete type dam on the Tieton River in Yakima County, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Tieton Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	KREH (branded as Radio Saigon Houston) AM is a Vietnamese language radio station with its studios in Chinatown and in the International District in Houston, Texas.	KREH	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braniewo County (Polish: powiat braniewski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia.	Braniewo County	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darzehi (Persian: درزهي‎, also Romanized as Darzehī) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darzehi	Deyhuk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eleven Mile State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Park County, 11 miles (18 km) south of Lake George, Colorado, United States.	Eleven Mile State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaźniew (ˈwaʑɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łaźniew	Gmina Błonie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harborplace is a festival marketplace in Baltimore, Maryland, that opened in 1980 as a centerpiece of the revival of downtown Baltimore.	Harborplace	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Espi Kola (Persian: اسپي كلا‎, also Romanized as Espī Kolā) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Espi Kola	Natel-e Restaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Rasul (Persian: شاه رسول‎, also Romanized as Shāh Rasūl; also known as Shāh Rasūl-e Pā’īn) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shah Rasul	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Papalote Creek Wind Farm near Taft, Texas in San Patricio County is an array of 196 wind turbines that can produce 380 megawatts of power, enough to serve approximately 114,000 homes.	Papalote Creek Wind Farm	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stevens Creek Reservoir is a reservoir located in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains near Cupertino, California.	Stevens Creek Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koporin Monastery (Serbian: Манастир Копорин) is a monastery at the outskirts of the town of Velika Plana, Serbia, just off the road to Smederevska Palanka.	Koporin	Velika Plana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baxter Street Historic District is a residential historic district roughly at 19-34 Baxter Street in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Baxter Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgewood Country Club is a private golf, social, and tennis club located in Churchill, near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Edgewood Country Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Timiskaming kimberlite field is Canada's southernmost kimberlite field, located in Northeastern Ontario and western Quebec, Canada.	Lake Timiskaming kimberlite field	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vršovice Savings Bank Building (in Czech: Vršovická záložna or Vršovická spořitelna) is a Neo-Renaissance building, which is located in Prague 10-Vršovice.	Vršovice Savings Bank Building	Prague 10
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQKT is a commercial FM radio station in Wooster, Ohio, USA, broadcasting at 104.5 MHz with a country music format.	WQKT	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cappercleuch is a settlement on the A708, at St. Mary's Loch in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the former Selkirkshire.	Cappercleuch	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nawojów Łużycki (naˈvɔjuf wuˈʐɨt͡ski) (German: Sächsisch Haugsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubań, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nawojów Łużycki	Gmina Lubań
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canton Township Carnegie Library is an historic Carnegie library at 203 North Main Street in Canton, Kansas.	Canton Township Carnegie Library	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hibriten Mountain, located just east of Lenoir, North Carolina, marks the western end of the Brushy Mountains range.	Hibriten Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Festival TransAmériques (FTA) is an annual dance and theater festival held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Festival TransAmériques	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oneida Number One Tunnel (also known as the Oneida Tunnel 1 or the Oneida #1 Tunnel) is a mine tunnel in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Oneida Number One Tunnel	Schuylkill County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chomątowo (xɔmɔnˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chomątowo	Gmina Augustów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cabeza Prieta Wilderness is located in the Sonoran Desert in southwestern Arizona in the United States.	Cabeza Prieta Wilderness	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topolno (tɔˈpɔlnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Topolno	Gmina Pruszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Bruce Rock is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Merredin and about 250 kilometres (155 mi) east of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Bruce Rock	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Irvine Bowl is an amphitheater in Laguna Beach, California.	Irvine Bowl	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devi Gali (Urdu: دیوی گلی ‎) (also known as Aamir Hussain Shaheed Gali abbreviated as Shaheed Gali) is a village and a tourist attraction in Poonch District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Devi Gali	Poonch District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre d’Art Contemporain Genève (CAC) is a contemporary art exhibition centre in Geneva, Switzerland, established in 1974.	Centre d’Art Contemporain Genève	Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Plantation High School, also known locally as simply ``South'' (to avoid confusion with Plantation High), is a four-year, public high school located in Plantation, a large suburb of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in the United States.	South Plantation High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajabaj (Persian: باجاباج‎, also Romanized as Bājābāj; also known as Badzhabash, Bājābāsh, Bājeh Bāj, and Bājeh Yāj) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bajabaj	Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramkan Rural District (Persian: دهستان رمكان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ramkan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdolreza Mordeh (Persian: عبدالرضامرده‎, also Romanized as ʿAbdolrez̤ā Mordeh) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abdolreza Mordeh	Shahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aggie Field, also known officially as Aggie Soccer Stadium, is a 1,000 seat soccer stadium on the campus of University of California, Davis in Davis, California.	Aggie Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrew Molera State Park is a state park of California, United States, preserving relatively undeveloped land on the Big Sur coast.	Andrew Molera State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Engine Company 2 Fire Station is a firehouse at the corner of Main and Belden streets in Hartford, Connecticut, United States.	Engine Company 2 Fire Station	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kelvin Aqueduct is a navigable aqueduct in Glasgow, Scotland, which carries the Forth and Clyde Canal over the River Kelvin.	Kelvin Aqueduct	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoffman Auto Showroom was an automobile dealership at 430 Park Avenue, New York City.	Hoffman Auto Showroom	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botanischer Garten Bielefeld (4 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden located beside the southeast edge of the Teutoburger Wald at Am Kahlenberg 16, Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Botanischer Garten Bielefeld	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peribán is a municipality located in the western part of the Mexican state of Michoacán.	Peribán	Michoacán
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Squirrel Hill Tunnel is a tunnel in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Squirrel Hill Tunnel	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acton-Boxborough Regional High School (ABRHS) is an open enrollment high school in Acton, Massachusetts.	Acton-Boxborough Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiryat Shaul Cemetery (Hebrew: בית העלמין קריית שאול‎) is a 320-dunam (79.07 acres) Jewish burial ground in Northern Tel Aviv near the neighborhood of Kiryat Shaul.	Kiryat Shaul Cemetery	Tel Aviv
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Grace State Forest is a state forest with facilities for public recreation located in the town of Warwick, Massachusetts, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.	Mount Grace State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hailuoto (Swedish: Karlö) is an island and a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia region, Finland.	Hailuoto	Northern Ostrobothnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuscola Airport (FAA LID: K96) is a privately owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of the central business district of Tuscola, a city in Douglas County, Illinois, United States.	Tuscola Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Kérouzéré is a 15th-century Breton castle (or manor-house) in the commune of Sibiril in the Finistère département of France.	Château de Kérouzéré	Sibiril
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huckleberry Railroad is a 3 ft (914 mm) narrow gauge heritage railroad located in Genesee Township, Michigan, near Flint.	Huckleberry Railroad	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sellwood Branch YMCA, also known as the Sellwood Community Center, in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon, is a 2.5-story structure listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Sellwood Branch YMCA	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is licensed to Jacksonville, Texas, USA and is owned by Charles Conrad, through licensee Chalk Hill Communications, LLC. KEBE features programming from Texas State Network.	KEBE	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowlatyar (Persian: دولتيار‎, also Romanized as Dowlatyār) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dowlatyar	Razavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bowman-Chamberlain House, also known as McAllister Home, was built in 1893, in Kanab, Utah.	Bowman-Chamberlain House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wetherby-Hampton-Snyder-Wilson-Erdman Log House, also known as Cockleburr, Prologue House, and Cabindale, is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Wetherby-Hampton-Snyder-Wilson-Erdman Log House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribadedeva (Asturian: Ribedeva) is a municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias, Spain.	Ribadedeva	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Welsh National Temple of Peace and Health, known as the Temple of Peace and Health, is a non-religious civic building in Cardiff, the capital city of Wales, in the United Kingdom.	Temple of Peace and Health	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lehigh University is an American private research university located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.	Lehigh University	Bethlehem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittlesey Creek National Wildlife Refuge is part of a large wetland complex on Lake Superior, near Ashland, Wisconsin.	Whittlesey Creek National Wildlife Refuge	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwlecza (ˈzvlɛt͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zwlecza	Gmina Secemin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tokarzew (tɔˈkaʐɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tokarzew	Gmina Doruchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maaninka (Swedish: Maninga) is a former municipality in the region of Northern Savonia, in Finland.	Maaninka	Northern Savonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlton Trail Region is located in east central Saskatchewan, covering roughly 11,000 square kilometres (4,400 sq mi) east of Saskatoon and north of Regina.	Carlton Trail Region	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farmington Community Center in Farmington, Washington (also known as City Hall), is a historic building constructed in 1908.	Farmington Community Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Pożóg (ˈnɔvɨ ˈpɔʐuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskowola, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowy Pożóg	Gmina Końskowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pukatawagan is a Canadian community about 210 kilometres north of The Pas in Manitoba.	Pukatawagan	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKJX is a mainstream urban formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Elizabeth City, North Carolina, serving Elizabeth City and the Outer Banks.	WKJX	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pareh Kabud (Persian: پره کبود‎, also Romanized as Pareh Kabūd; also known as Par Kabūd) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pareh Kabud	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHOP-FM is a high school radio station that operates at 102.7 FM in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada.	CHOP-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Treuter Mountains (75°42′N 82°30′W), formerly known as the Truter Mountains and the Trenter Mountains, are a small mountain range on eastern Devon Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Treuter Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gronajny (ɡrɔˈnai̯nɨ) (German Grünhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gronajny	Gmina Sztum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qezel Lu (Persian: قزللو‎, also Romanized as Qezel Lū and Qezellū) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Lu	Qaranqu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Lamin Jub (Persian: بالالمين جوب‎, also Romanized as Bālā Lamīn Jūb) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Lamin Jub	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William O'Neill Athletic and Convocation Center (O'Neill Center) is an 80,000-square-foot (7,400 m2) multi-purpose athletic complex, at Western Connecticut State University, in Danbury, Connecticut.	O'Neill Center	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asan Kuh (Persian: اسان كوه‎, also Romanized as Āsān Kūh) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Asan Kuh	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linton Township High School and Community Building or Pimento School was a school in Pimento, Vigo County, Indiana.	Linton Township High School and Community Building	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Passage West (Irish: An Pasáiste Thiar) is a port town in County Cork, Ireland, situated on the west bank of Cork Harbour, some 10 km south east of Cork city.	Passage West	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stenhamra is a locality situated on the island Färingsö in Ekerö Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden, with 3,336 inhabitants in 2010.	Stenhamra	Ekerö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bull Shoals Lake is an artificial lake or reservoir in the Ozark Mountains of northern Arkansas and southern Missouri.	Bull Shoals Lake	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merion Mercy Academy is a female, private, independent, Catholic, college preparatory school, teaching grades 9 through 12, sponsored by the Sisters of Mercy located in Merion, Pennsylvania, just outside Philadelphia within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.	Merion Mercy Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waterfall on West Prong Hickey Fork is a waterfall located in the Bald Mountains of the Pisgah National Forest in Madison County, North Carolina.	Waterfall on West Prong Hickey Fork	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blanchetown is a small township in South Australia, on the (west) bank of the Murray River, 130 km northeast of Adelaide.	Blanchetown	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summit Bechtel Family National Scout Reserve, often shortened as Summit Bechtel Reserve (SBR), located in Fayette and Raleigh Counties, near Beckley, West Virginia, is one of four facilities managed by the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA).	The Summit Bechtel Family National Scout Reserve	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochester City School No. 24, also known as School #24 and Ellwanger and Barry School, is a historic school building located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York.	Rochester City School No. 24	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duluth and Iron Range Railroad Company Depot, located on Sixth Street in Two Harbors, in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1907.	Duluth and Iron Range Railroad Company Depot	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuneh Khanlu (Persian: چونه خانلو‎, also Romanized as Chūneh Khānlū; also known as Chūnā Khānlū and Chūn Khān) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chuneh Khanlu	Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brackley is a town in south Northamptonshire, England.	Brackley	Northamptonshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waikato District is a territorial authority of New Zealand, in the northern part of Waikato Region, North Island.	Waikato District	Waikato Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebawie (tʂɛˈbavjɛ) (German Altenfließ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Trzebawie	Gmina Węgorzyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marking the border between Madison County and Page County in Virginia, the summit of Hawksbill Mountain is the highest point in Shenandoah National Park, as well as the highest point in both Madison and Page counties.	Hawksbill Mountain	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pete Hanna Center is the building housing the 4,974-seat Thomas E. and Marla H. Corts Arena on the campus of Samford University in Homewood (a suburb of Birmingham), in the U.S. state of Alabama.	Pete Hanna Center	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambodian Cultural Village (CCV) is a theme park and museum in Siem Reap, Cambodia.	Cambodian Cultural Village	Siem Reap
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBRH (90.3 FM) is a student-run jazz high school radio station in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	WBRH	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cicognini National Boarding School is the oldest school in Prato, Italy, constructed c. 1692 through the work of the Jesuits, following the legacy of Francesco Cicognini.	Cicognini National Boarding School	Prato
located in the administrative territorial entity	Håkvik Chapel (Norwegian: Håkvik kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Håkvik Chapel	Narvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudan (Persian: محمودان‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdān) is a village in Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District, Anzal District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mahmudan	Anzal-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doumen District (simplified Chinese: 斗门区; traditional Chinese: 斗門區; pinyin: Dǒumén Qū; Jyutping: dau2mun4 keoi1) is a district of Zhuhai, Guangdong province, People's Republic of China.	Doumen District	Zhuhai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dollis Brook, runs through the London Borough of Barnet in north London.	Dollis Brook	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Century Avenue (Chinese: 世纪大道; pinyin: Shìjì Dàdào) is a major street in Pudong, Shanghai.	Century Avenue	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tualatin River National Wildlife Refuge is a 1,856 acres (751 ha) wetlands and lowlands sanctuary in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Oregon.	Tualatin River National Wildlife Refuge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tabon Caves, dubbed as the Philippines' Cradle of Civilization, are a group of caves located on Lipuun Point, north of Quezon municipality, in the south western part of the province of Palawan on Palawan Island, in the Philippines.	Tabon Caves	Quezon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslington Park is a privately owned 18th-century mansion house west of Whittingham, Northumberland, near the River Aln.	Eslington Park	Whittingham, Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland International Auto Show (PIAS) is an annual auto show at the Oregon Convention Center in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Portland International Auto Show	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parlee Beach Provincial Park is located in eastern Westmorland County fronting the Northumberland Strait on the northeast side of Pointe-du-Chêne and forming the boundary with the community of Cap-Brulé.	Parlee Beach Provincial Park	Westmorland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Cemetery and Extension is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery at High Wood near Longueval, France.	London Cemetery and Extension	Longueval
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Yesa is a small town and municipality in the comarca of Los Serranos in the Valencian Community, Spain.	La Yesa	Los Serranos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ava Bill Martin Memorial Airport (ICAO: KAOV, FAA LID: AOV) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Ava, a city in Douglas County, Missouri, United States.	Ava Bill Martin Memorial Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nikiforowszczyzna (nikifɔrɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Nikiforowszczyzna	Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albion Correctional Facility is a medium security women's prison in Albion, New York, USA (Orleans County) that is operated by the New York State Department of Correctional Services.	Albion Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głębockie-Witalisów (ɡwɛmˈbɔt͡skʲɛ vitaˈlisuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Głębockie-Witalisów	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reeth is a village about 11 miles west of Richmond in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England, located within the civil parish of Reeth, Fremington and Healaugh.	Reeth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIRA (Centre International de Recherches sur l'Anarchisme) is a library of anarchist material in all languages based in Lausanne, Switzerland.	Centre International de Recherches sur l'Anarchisme	Lausanne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iravon is a village in Konni taluk, Pathanamthitta district in the state of Kerala, India.Located near the banks of Achankovil river.	Iravon	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lums Pond State Park is a 1790-acre (7.24 km²) Delaware state park near Bear, New Castle County, Delaware in the United States.	Lums Pond State Park	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharzanan (Persian: خارزنان‎, also Romanized as Khārzanān, Kahār Zanān, and Khār Zanān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kharzanan	Tudeshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJLD (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to Fairfield, Alabama, that serves most of the Birmingham metropolitan area.	WJLD	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campbell's Field is a 6,425-seat baseball park in Camden, New Jersey, United States that hosted its first regular season baseball game on May 11, 2001.	Campbell's Field	Camden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gornje Podunavlje Special Nature Reserve is a large protected area of wetland in the northwest of Serbia (Vojvodina province).	Gornje Podunavlje	Vojvodina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bothenhampton is a village and civil parish in southwest Dorset, England, just outside the town of Bridport.	Bothenhampton	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanthavara (Kannada/Tulu/Konkani: Kanthavara) is a village in Karkala taluk of the Udupi district in Karnataka state, India.	Kanthavara	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaivopuisto (Swedish: Brunnsparken), or in spoken language, Kaivari, is one of the oldest and best known parks in central Helsinki, Finland, and also a neighbourhood of about 500 inhabitants where the park is located.	Kaivopuisto	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Superior Courthouse and Bartlett Mall are, respectively, one of the oldest active courthouses in the nation, and one of the oldest public grounds in the city of Newburyport, Massachusetts.	Superior Courthouse and Bartlett Mall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adolph Zang Mansion is a National Register of Historic Places listed building in Denver, Colorado.	Adolph Zang Mansion	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rankin Octagonal Barn is a historic octagonal barn located near Silverton, Jackson County, West Virginia.	Rankin Octagonal Barn	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bangor Union Station was a passenger train station in Bangor, Maine, served by the Maine Central Railroad and the Bangor and Aroostook Railroad.	Bangor Union Station	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čikule (Serbian: Чикуле) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čikule	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mellifont Abbey (Irish: An Mhainistir Mhór, literally ``the big abbey''), located close to Drogheda in County Louth, was the first Cistercian abbey to be built in Ireland.	Mellifont Abbey	Drogheda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keshavarz-e Khotbeh Sara (Persian: كشاورزخطبه سرا‎, also Romanized as Keshāvarz-e Khoţbeh Sarā) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Keshavarz-e Khotbeh Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przypki (ˈpʂɨpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przypki	Gmina Tarczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green Shack was a restaurant located on Fremont Street in Las Vegas, Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.	The Green Shack	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Motahhari (Persian: شهرك مطهري‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Moţahharī; also known as Shahrak-e Moţahharī-ye Varzard and Var-e Zard) is a village in Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Motahhari	Tashan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roosevelt Road (originally named 12th Street) is a major east-west thoroughfare in the city of Chicago, Illinois, and its western suburbs.	Roosevelt Road	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Colony Housing Project is a 16.7-acre public housing project located in South Boston, Massachusetts.	Old Colony Housing Project	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oconaluftee Indian Village is a replica of an 18th-century eastern Cherokee community located in Cherokee, North Carolina, USA.	Oconaluftee Indian Village	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surayhin (Arabic: سريحين‎, also spelled Serihin) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, just southeast of Hama.	Surayhin	Hama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Île aux Noix is an island on the Richelieu River in Quebec, close to Lake Champlain.	Île aux Noix	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dialloubé is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Mopti in the Mopti Region of Mali.	Dialloubé	Mopti Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Fuzhou (), or Fuzhou Town (), is a neighborhood in the Two Bridges and Lower East Side areas of the borough of Manhattan in New York City in the United States.	Little Fuzhou	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czuryły (t͡ʂuˈrɨwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czuryły	Gmina Zbuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piersławek (former German name: Kleinort) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland.	Piersławek	Gmina Piecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanmiloe is a village situated on the A4066 road in the south west of Carmarthenshire, Wales, between the villages of Laugharne to the north-east and Pendine to the south-west.	Llanmiloe	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lizzano in Belvedere is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bologna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Bologna.	Lizzano in Belvedere	Province of Bologna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mani-ye Olya (Persian: ماني عليا‎, also Romanized as Mānī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 59 families.	Mani-ye Olya	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Rostam Hajji (Persian: بالارستم حاجي‎, also Romanized as Bālā Rostam Ḩājjī; also known as Bālā Rostam Kolā) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Rostam Hajji	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uniszów (uˈniʂuf) (German: Karolinenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Uniszów	Gmina Borów
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1993, the hospital was transferred to the Central Sydney Area Health Service of the New South Wales Department of Health as a public hospital and renamed to the current Concord Repatriation General Hospital.	Concord Repatriation General Hospital	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTH Royal Institute of Technology (Swedish: Kungliga Tekniska högskolan, abbreviated KTH) is a university in Stockholm, Sweden.	Royal Institute of Technology	Stockholm
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patton Building is a historic commercial office building at 15-19 Hampden Street in Springfield, Massachusetts.	Patton Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radenthein (Slovene: Radenče ) is a town in Spittal an der Drau District, in the Austrian state of Carinthia.	Radenthein	Spittal an der Drau District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Periyathirukonam is a village in the Ariyalur taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Periyathirukonam	Ariyalur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zakaria Kola (Persian: ذكرياكلا‎, also Romanized as Z̄akarīā Kolā and Z̄akarīyā Kolā; also known as Z̄akarīyā Kūlā, Zekarreyā Kolā, and Zekarrīā Kalā) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zakaria Kola	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookland-Cayce High School in Cayce, South Carolina, USA, is a public high school, built in 1932.	Brookland-Cayce High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Band (Persian: بن بند‎) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bon Band	Bakesh-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kreuz Hilden (German: Autobahnkreuz Hilden) is a cloverleaf interchange in the German state North Rhine Westphalia.	Kreuz Hilden	North Rhine Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hordel is a borough of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Hordel	Bochum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bédée (Breton: Bezeg, Gallo: Bedésc) is a commune in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany.	Bédée	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ledgemont High School was a public high school in Thompson Township, Geauga County, Ohio.	Ledgemont High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LaSalle-Wacker Building, at 221 North LaSalle Street, is a 41-story skyscraper at the north end of the LaSalle Street canyon in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois, USA.	LaSalle-Wacker Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biosphere House (German: Biosphärenhaus) in the village of Fischbach bei Dahn in the German state of Rhineland-Pfalz is a nature experience centre and important regional tourist attraction.	Biosphere House	Fischbach bei Dahn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confederation Centre of the Arts (French: Le Centre des arts de la Confédération) is a cultural centre dedicated to the visual and performing arts located in the city of Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Confederation Centre of the Arts	Charlottetown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hole-in-the-Wall Falls is a 100-foot waterfall on Warren Creek in Starvation Creek State Park, Hood River County, Oregon, United States.	Hole-in-the-Wall Falls	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Scugog is an artificially flooded lake in Scugog, Regional Municipality of Durham and the unitary city of Kawartha Lakes in central Ontario, Canada.	Lake Scugog	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davies Creek Falls is a cascade waterfall on the Davies Creek in the Far North region of Queensland, Australia.	Davies Creek Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harding County Courthouse, located on Pine St. in Mosquero, New Mexico, is a historic building built in 1921 or 1922.	Harding County Courthouse	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaworkowo (ɡavɔrˈkɔvɔ) (formerly German Gauerkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gaworkowo	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudkhaneh District (Persian: بخش رودخانه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Rudkhaneh District	Hormozgan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Veys (Persian: قره ويس‎) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qarah Veys	Razavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bykowizna (bɨkɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bykowizna	Gmina Dębe Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castles of Bellinzona are a group of fortifications located around the town of Bellinzona, the capital of the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Castles of Bellinzona	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jubaji (Persian: جوبجي‎, also Romanized as Jūbajī and Joobji) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jubaji	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Weeks, or Mount Weeks-South Peak, is a mountain located in Coos County, New Hampshire.	South Weeks	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Large Standing Woman I (French: Grande femme debout I) is an outdoor 1960 bronze sculpture by Alberto Giacometti, installed at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston's Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Large Standing Woman I	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldstead is a village and a civil parish in Ryedale District, North Yorkshire, England.	Oldstead	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince's Skating Club was an ice rink in the Knightsbridge area of London, England.	Prince's Skating Club	Knightsbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiere (or Tièrè) is a village and seat of the commune of Diouradougou Kafo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Tiere	Diouradougou Kafo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goonown is a hamlet near St Agnes in Cornwall, England, UK.	Goonown	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izabelmont (izaˈbɛlmɔnt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Abramów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Izabelmont	Gmina Abramów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Convent of the Sisters of Zion is a convent of the Congregation of Notre-Dame de Sion, located near to the eastern end of the Via Dolorosa, in Jerusalem.	Convent of the Sisters of Zion	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cottisford is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire, about 3 1⁄2 miles (5.6 km) south of Brackley in neighbouring Northamptonshire.	Cottisford	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Monastery of Brou is a religious complex located at Bourg-en-Bresse in the Ain département, central France.	Royal Monastery of Brou	Bourg-en-Bresse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid-Columbia Fire & Rescue Heliport (FAA LID: OG43) is a private heliport located 1 mile west of The Dalles in Wasco County, Oregon, USA.	Mid-Columbia Fire & Rescue Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janes Island State Park is a Maryland state park located on Chesapeake Bay in Somerset County.	Janes Island State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunston Hall is an 18th-century Georgian mansion near the Potomac River in Mason Neck, Virginia, USA.	Gunston Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sugar Pine Peak is a mountain located in the northern Northern Sierra Nevada, in the Plumas National Forest in California.	Sugar Pine Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żyrówek (ʐɨˈruvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grójec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żyrówek	Gmina Grójec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysoki Małe (vɨˈsɔki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wysoki Małe	Gmina Bogoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freedman-Raulerson House (also known as the Old Raulerson House or Shadow Lawn) is a historic site in Okeechobee, Florida, located at 600 South Parrott Avenue.	Freedman-Raulerson House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Souhegan High School (/saʊˈhiːɡən/ sow-HEE-gən) is a Coalition of Essential Schools high school located in Amherst, New Hampshire.	Souhegan High School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Jir (Persian: بنجير‎, also Romanized as Bon Jīr) is a village in Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bon Jir	Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Beside House is a Grade II listed country house in the civil parish of Gwennap, Cornwall, England, UK.	Little Beside	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górne Grądy (ˈɡurnɛ ˈɡrɔndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Górne Grądy	Gmina Pyzdry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Airy is a Jewish sleep away summer camp located in Thurmont, Maryland at the edge of the Catoctin Mountain Park.	Camp Airy	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southeastern Correctional Institution is an Ohio prison located at 5900 Boys Industrial School Road in Hocking Township, Fairfield County, six miles south of Lancaster, Ohio.	Southeastern Correctional Institution	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farway is a small village, civil parish and former manor in the East Devon district of Devon, England.	Farway	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klein Meetinghouse is a historic Dunkard (Schwarzenau Brethren or Church of the Brethren) meetinghouse in Harleysville, Pennsylvania built in 1843.	Klein Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żelice Dolne (ʐɛˈlit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Nieder Seelitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żelice Dolne	Gmina Kępice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Folly First Nation is a Mi'kmaq First Nation band government located near the village of Dorchester, New Brunswick, Canada.	Fort Folly First Nation	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bucklesham is a village and civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district of Suffolk, England, a few miles east of Ipswich.	Bucklesham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buck's Bridge Community Church, also (erroneously) known as Buck's Bridge United Methodist Church, was formerly a Methodist Episcopal church located at Buck's Bridge in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Buck's Bridge Community Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Via Ostiensis (Italian: via Ostiense) was an important road in ancient Rome.	Via Ostiensis	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kubłowo (kuˈbwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kubłowo	Gmina Chodecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Accheja is a village in the Hapur district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Accheja	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botanic Garden of Smith College is located on the campus of Smith College, in Northampton, Massachusetts, USA.	The Botanic Garden of Smith College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ladnu, also Ladnun, is a city and a municipality in Nagaur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Ladnu	Nagaur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowloon City Plaza (KCP;Chinese: 九龍城廣場) is a shopping mall located at Kowloon City, Kowloon City District, Hong Kong.	Kowloon City Plaza	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWRE (730 AM) is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Warrenton, Missouri, serving mainly the western portion of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area, including Warren, St. Charles, Lincoln, Franklin, and parts of St. Louis counties.	KWRE	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Shorka (Persian: محمدابادشركا‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Shorkā) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Shorka	Khvormiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Kola (Persian: شاه كلا‎, also Romanized as Shāh Kolā; also known as Shāh Kolā-ye Sūrak) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shah Kola	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandhaven is a small fishing village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland that lies between Rosehearty and Fraserburgh.	Sandhaven	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rush Historic District is a zinc mining region of the Ozark Mountains in Arkansas.	Rush Historic District	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezavoli (Persian: بزاولي‎, also Romanized as Bezāvolī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bezavoli	Hasanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waterways Experiment Station, also known as WES-Original Cantonment in Vicksburg, Mississippi, is a sprawling 673-acre (272 ha) complex built in 1930 as an United States Army Corps of Engineers research facility.	Waterways Experiment Station	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thiruvanvandoor (pronounced (ðeːrʊβn̪-βnɖuːr)) is a village in Chengannur Taluk in Alappuzha district, in Kerala, India.	Thiruvanvandoor	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raciborowice-Kolonia (rat͡ɕibɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Raciborowice-Kolonia	Gmina Białopole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorilla Estate is a winery located in the suburb of Berriedale, 12 km north of the city centre of Hobart, in Tasmania.	Moorilla Estate	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Süloğlu (Greek: Ασβεστοχώρι Asvestochṓri) is a district of Edirne Province of Turkey.	Süloğlu	Edirne Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehmandar-e Sofla (Persian: مهماندارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Mehmāndār-e Soflá; also known as Mehmāndār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mehmandar-e Sofla	Gavdul-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stillwater United Church, formerly known as Second Baptist Church, is a historic church at 135 Hudson Avenue in Stillwater, Saratoga County, New York.	Stillwater United Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Joan of Arc Catholic Secondary School is a school administered by the Dufferin-Peel Catholic District School Board, located in the Erin Mills area of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada (Wards 8 and 10).	St. Joan of Arc Catholic Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackass Flats is a shallow alluvial basin located in the southwest portion of the Nevada National Security Site in Nye County, Nevada.	Jackass Flats	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suryty (suˈrɨtɨ) (German: Soritten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Suryty	Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingchang County (Chinese: 平昌县; Pinyin: Píngchāng Xiàn) is a county in Bazhong, in north-eastern Sichuan province.	Pingchang County	Bazhong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oog in Al is a residential area in the west of the city of Utrecht in the Netherlands.	Oog in Al	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Cloche Mountains, also called the La Cloche Range, are a range of hills in Northern Ontario, along the northern shore of Lake Huron near Manitoulin Island.	La Cloche Mountains	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Westchester Parkway is a 1.01-mile (1.63 km), four-lane parkway in Westchester County, New York, in the United States.	Central Westchester Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warren Tavern is the oldest tavern in Massachusetts and one of the most historic watering holes in America.	Warren Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Matali (Persian: كل متلي‎, also Romanized as Kal Matalī and Kal Matlī; also known as Lātīdān) is a village in Gachin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kal Matali	Gachin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apollo's Chariot is steel roller coaster at the Busch Gardens Williamsburg theme park in James City County, Virginia, United States.	Apollo's Chariot	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rook End is a hamlet near the village of Widdington, in the Uttlesford district, in the county of Essex, England.	Rook End	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shattuck Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire (USA).	Shattuck Observatory	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gay Farm is a historic colonial house located on the north side of Nichewaug Hill in Petersham, Massachusetts.	Gay Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle in the Clouds (or Lucknow) is a 16-room mansion and 5,500-acre (2,200 ha) mountaintop estate in Moultonborough, New Hampshire, open seasonally to the public, and owned and operated by the Castle Preservation Society, a private 501(c)3 non-profit corporation.	Castle in the Clouds	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Takhteh (Persian: كل تخته‎) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kal Takhteh	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Pleasant Street District is an historic district at 418-426 Main Street and 9-49 Pleasant Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Lower Pleasant Street District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Home Grove is a grove of Giant Sequoia trees that is located in the southern part of the Sierra Nevada Mountains of California, and includes some of the largest trees in the world.	Mountain Home Grove	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westgate-on-Sea is a seaside town in north-east Kent, England, with a population of 6,996 at the 2011 Census.	Westgate-on-Sea	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mamakating Park Historic District is located on the ridge north of Masten Lake on the highest ground in the Town of Mamakating, New York, United States.	Mamakating Park Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bretherton is a small village and civil parish in the Borough of Chorley, Lancashire, England, situated to the south west of Leyland and east of Tarleton.	Bretherton	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rawson Estate is a historic estate house at 41 Vernon Street in Newton, Massachusetts.	Rawson Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breskens is a harbour town on the Westerschelde in the municipality of Sluis in the province of Zeeland, in the south-western Netherlands.	Breskens	Sluis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Madison Isthmus is an isthmus in Madison, Wisconsin, between Lake Mendota and Lake Monona.	Madison Isthmus	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Vosta (Persian: حسن ابادوسطي‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Vosţá; also known as Ḩasanābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Karvan-e Sofla Rural District, Karvan District, Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Vosta	Karvan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llannewydd or Newchurch is a parish in Carmarthenshire in south-west Wales.	Llannewydd	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alderbury is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 3 miles (5 km) southeast of Salisbury.	Alderbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oshawa Metal or Oshawa Metal Centre is a General Motors of Canada facility in Oshawa, Ontario.	Oshawa Metal	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chobanin (xɔˈbanin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chobanin	Gmina Wieruszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębionek (dɛmˈbjɔnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadki, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dębionek	Gmina Sadki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coolgreany (Irish: Cúil Ghréine, meaning ``nook of the sun'') is a village located in north County Wexford in Ireland.	Coolgreany	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzepiszyn (ʐɛˈpiʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruszwica, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rzepiszyn	Gmina Kruszwica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quli Qaseh (Persian: قو لي قصه‎, also Romanized as Qūlī Qaṣeh; also known as Solţānābād) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Quli Qaseh	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pileh Savar (Persian: پيله سوار‎, also Romanized as Pīleh Savār; also known as Razvaliny Pilesevar) is a village in Zangebar Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pileh Savar	Zangebar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rodderberg is an extinct volcano in the east of the municipality of Wachtberg near Bonn, Germany.	Rodderberg	Wachtberg	Bonn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granowiec (ɡraˈnɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Granowiec	Gmina Sośnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTTH (770 AM) is a conservative talk radio station, owned by Bonneville International, broadcasting at 770 kHz in Seattle, Washington.	KTTH	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeźnica Bychawska-Kolonia (bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa bɨˈxafska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Brzeźnica Bychawska-Kolonia	Gmina Niedźwiada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unicoi State Park & Lodge is a 1,050-acre (4.25 km2) state park located immediately north-northeast of Helen, Georgia in the northeastern portion of the state.	Unicoi State Park	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangaruiyeh (Persian: زنگاروييه‎, also Romanized as Zangārū’īyeh and Zangārū’īeh) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zangaruiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berezhnytsia (Ukrainian: Бережниця) is a village in Dubrovytsia Raion, Rivne Oblast, Ukraine.	Berezhnytsia	Dubrovytsia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanalei Bay is the largest bay on the north shore of Kauaʻi island in Hawaii.	Hanalei Bay	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brestenberg Castle (German: Schloss Brestenberg) is a castle and manor house near the municipality of Seengen in the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.	Brestenberg Castle	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aggie Memorial Stadium is an outdoor football stadium on the campus of New Mexico State University in Las Cruces, New Mexico.	Aggie Memorial Stadium	Las Cruces
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiefernstraße ( pronounced ('ki:fɐn'ʃtra:sə)) is a street in the Flingern-Süd district of Düsseldorf that became notorious in the 1980s for squatting.	Kiefernstraße	Düsseldorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arit (Persian: اريت‎, also Romanized as Ārīt; also known as Āret) is a village in Shiveh Sar Rural District, Bayangan District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Arit	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinshill (pronounced Tins-hill) is a district of Leeds, 4 miles (7 km) north of Leeds city centre, West Yorkshire, England.	Tinshill	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Solomon Springs is a collection of artesian springs located near the small towns of Toyahvale and Balmorhea in Reeves County, Texas.	San Solomon Springs	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marbella (/mɑːrˈbeɪjə, -ˈvɛljə, -ˈvɛjə/; Spanish: (maɾˈβeʎa), locally: (maɾˈβeʝa)) is a city and municipality in southern Spain, belonging to the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia.	Marbella	Andalusia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blenio is a municipality of the district of Blenio, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Blenio	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Reading Academy is a historic former school building at 7 Foster Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts, USA.	South Reading Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anaconda Range, informally known as the ``Pintlars'', is a group of high mountains located in southwestern Montana, in the northwestern United States.	Anaconda Range	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krępa Słupska (ˈkrɛmpa ˈswupska) (German Krampe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krępa Słupska	Gmina Słupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulów-Kolonia (ˈuluf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klwów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ulów-Kolonia	Gmina Klwów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitcomb Inn and Farm (also known as the David and Tilly Whitcomb House and Farm, and the Samuel Wheeler House and Farm) is an historic farm at 43 Old Sugar Road in Bolton, Massachusetts.	Whitcomb Inn and Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cockspur Island is an island in the south channel of the Savannah River near Lazaretto Creek, northwest of Tybee Island, Georgia, USA.	Cockspur Island	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strom Thurmond High School is located in Johnston, South Carolina, a town in Edgefield County.	Strom Thurmond High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felton Little Park (originally Auburn City Park) is a municipal park in Auburn, Alabama, United States.	Felton Little Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Creek Bridge also known as the Nelson Mountain Bridge, near Greenleaf, in the U.S. state of Oregon, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Lake Creek Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Brimfield Dam is located on the Quinebaug River in Sturbridge, Massachusetts, approximately 20 miles (32 km) southwest of Worcester, Massachusetts.	East Brimfield Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh is the public library system in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort St. Jean Baptiste State Historic Site, or Fort des Natchitoches, in Natchitoches, Louisiana, USA, is a replica of an early French fort based upon the original blueprints of 1716 by Sieur Charles Claude Dutisné and company.	Fort St. Jean Baptiste State Historic Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fifield Bavant /'fʌɪfiːld 'bavənt/ is a very small village and former civil parish in Wiltshire, England, seven miles south west of Wilton, midway between Ebbesbourne Wake and Broad Chalke on the north bank of the River Ebble.	Fifield Bavant	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exaltación de la Cruz Partido is a partido located in the north-east part of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	Exaltación de la Cruz Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherando High School is a public secondary school within Frederick County, Virginia, and is part of Frederick County Public Schools.	Sherando High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abelu (Persian: ابلو‎‎, also Romanized as Ābelū) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Abelu	Mehravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amid Ali Qasemi (Persian: اميدعلي قاسمي‎, also Romanized as Amīd ʿAlī Qāsemī) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Amid Ali Qasemi	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edappalam is a small village located in the western part of Palakkad district, Kerala, India (Palakkad - Malappuram border) situated along the banks of famous river Kunthippuzha.	Edappalam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalleh Kub (Persian: كله كوب‎, also Romanized as Kalleh Kūb; also known as Kalleh Kūh) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kalleh Kub	Dastjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delgerak (Persian: دلگرك‎) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Delgerak	Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSTN (1410 FM) was an American radio station formerly licensed to serve Somerville, the county seat of Fayette County, Tennessee.	WSTN	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chałupy (Kashubian: Chalëpë, German: Ceynowa) is a village and a popular Polish sea side resort with very good conditions for windsurfing and kitesurfing, in Gmina Władysławowo.	Chałupy	Władysławowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harriet Tubman Grave is an historic gravesite located in Fort Hill Cemetery at Auburn, in Cayuga County, New York.	Harriet Tubman Grave	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Rustai (Persian: قلعه روستائي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Rūstā``ī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 491, in 135 families.	Qaleh-ye Rustai	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chicopee Falls Dam is a masonry stone dam that parallels Route 33 (Bridge Street) in Chicopee, Massachusetts.	Chicopee Falls Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legian is a suburban and beach area on the west coast of Bali just north of Kuta and south of Seminyak the area between Jl. Melasti and Jl. Dhyana Pura.	Legian	Bali	Kuta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The old Schiller Piano Company, also known as Conover Square, is located in Oregon, Illinois the county seat of Ogle County.	Schiller Piano Company	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2249 (FM 2249) is a Farm to Market Road entirely in Hudspeth County near Dell City in the U.S. state of Texas The road is maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Farm to Market Road 2249	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastman School of Music Student Living Center is a residential building that is part of the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York.	Eastman School of Music Student Living Center	Rochester
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAIO, also known as ``Radio 95.1'', is a Talk FM radio station in the Rochester region of upstate New York, that plays little to no music.	WAIO	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanborn Regional High School is located in Kingston, New Hampshire and serves the towns of Kingston, Newton, and Fremont.	Sanborn Regional High School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbia Gorge AVA is an American Viticultural Area which includes land surrounding the Columbia River Gorge, straddling the border between Oregon and Washington.	Columbia Gorge AVA	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marquette General Hospital is a hospital and regional medical center located in Marquette, Michigan and serving the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.	Marquette General Hospital	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAMU-FM (90.9 FM) is a public radio station located on the campus of Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas.	KAMU-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omarama is in the Waitaki District, in the historic Province of Otago.	Omarama	Waitaki District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dan Patch Line Bridge is a railroad swing bridge that carries the Canadian Pacific Railway's MN&S Subdivision across the Minnesota River.	Dan Patch Line Bridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Zhadova (Ukrainian: Стара Жадова; Romanian: Jadova or Jadova Veche) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Stara Zhadova	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesuncook Lake is a reservoir in Piscataquis County, Maine, formed by the damming of the West Branch of the Penobscot River in 1835, 1903 and 1916.	Chesuncook Lake	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hermosa Beach pier is located in the Southern California community of Hermosa Beach.	Hermosa Beach pier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1 January 2007, Frohen-le-Petit and Frohen-le-Grand have combined into the new commune of Frohen-sur-Authie.	Frohen-le-Petit	Frohen-sur-Authie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Baluch (Persian: محمدابادبلوچ‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Balūch) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Baluch	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Major José Levy Sobrinho, also known as Limeirão, is a multi-purpose stadium in Limeira, in the Brazilian state of São Paulo.	Estádio Major José Levy Sobrinho	Limeira
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tortosa (Catalan: (tuɾˈtozə), locally: (toɾˈtoza); Spanish: (toɾˈtosa)) is the capital of the comarca of Baix Ebre, in Catalonia (Spain).	Tortosa	Baix Ebre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrudzina (skruˈd͡ʑina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skrudzina	Gmina Stary Sącz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasik (Persian: كسيك‎, also Romanized as Kasīk; also known as Kāsk) is a village in Karasf Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kasik	Karasf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bumbești-Jiu (Romanian pronunciation: (bumˌbeʃtʲ ˈʒiw)) is a town in Gorj County, western Wallachia, Romania, on the river Jiu with a population of 10,617 (2002 census).	Bumbești-Jiu	Gorj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waynesboro Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church of the Cumberland Presbyterian denomination on High Street in Waynesboro, Tennessee.	Waynesboro Cumberland Presbyterian Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The rural Community of Mlomp belongs to the arrondissement of Loudia Ouolof, in the Oussouye Department of the Ziguinchor Region.	Mlomp	Oussouye Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marble House is a Gilded Age mansion at 596 Bellevue Avenue in Newport, Rhode Island, now open to the public as a museum run by the Preservation Society of Newport County.	Marble House	Newport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felpham (sometimes pronounced locally as Felf-fm) is a village and civil parish in the Arun District of West Sussex, England.	Felpham	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oodaaq or Oodap Qeqert is the bank of gravel and silt northeast of Greenland that has been considered by some to be the most northerly point of land on earth.	Oodaaq	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas and Mary Hepworth House, at 725 West 200 North in Salt Lake City, Utah, is a two-story Italianate style I-house plan house that was built in 1877.	Thomas and Mary Hepworth House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wan Chai Pier (Chinese: 灣仔碼頭), or Wan Chai Ferry Pier (Chinese: 灣仔渡輪碼頭), is a pier at the coast of Wan Chai North on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong.	Wan Chai Pier	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowloon Restaurant, described as America's largest Asian dining complex, is on busy ``Restaurant Row'' along Route 1 in Saugus, Massachusetts.	Kowloon Restaurant	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bareh Anar (Persian: بره انار‎, also Romanized as Bareh Anār, Bareh-ye Anār, and Berah Anār; also known as Bara Anār, Bard Anār, and Bard-e Anār) is a village in Boluran Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bareh Anar	Boluran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stryjewo Wielkie (strɨˈjɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stryjewo Wielkie	Gmina Grudusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holston is a condominium high-rise located at 531 South Gay Street in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	The Holston	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chosna (ˈxɔsna) is a village with about 372 people, in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chosna	Gmina Prażmów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behnuiyeh (Persian: بهنوييه‎, also Romanized as Behnū’īyeh and Bahnū’īyeh; also known as Behnow, Behnu, and Chāvārchi) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Behnuiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębienica (dɛmbjɛˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dębienica	Gmina Długosiodło
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ederington House, known locally as the ``E'' House for the decorations on its fences, is a historic house at 326 South Main Street in Warren, Arkansas.	Ederington House	Warren
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heritage Discovery Center, officially known as the Frank & Sylvia Pasquerilla Heritage Discovery Center, is a community history and culture center operated by the Johnstown Area Heritage Association (JAHA) in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.	Heritage Discovery Center	Johnstown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa General Mitre is a neighborhood, or barrio, of Buenos Aires.	Villa General Mitre	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Nook Bandak (Persian: چاه نوک بندک ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Nook Bandak	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opperzau is a place of the German municipality Windeck in the Rhein-Sieg district in the south eastern part of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Opperzau	Windeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarikittur is the village near to Ramdurg in Belgaum district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Yarikittur	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilder Ranch State Park is a California State Park on the Pacific Ocean coast north of Santa Cruz, California.	Wilder Ranch State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed to Delta, Utah, USA, the station is currently owned by DCO HOLDING LC KYAH's skywave signal has been reported as far away as Flagstaff, Arizona.	KYAH	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hariharapura is a village located in the Koppa Taluk, Chikkamagaluru district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Hariharapura	Chikkamagaluru district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neversink Reservoir is one of several in the Catskill Mountains that supply water to New York City and other communities along its water supply network.	Neversink Reservoir	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collegiate Peaks Wilderness is a 168,000-acre (680 km2) area located in central Colorado between Leadville and Buena Vista to the east and Aspen to the west and Crested Butte to the southwest.	Collegiate Peaks Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Jahangir Khan (Persian: دهنوجهانگيرخان‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Jahāngīr Khān; also known as Deh Now and Deh Now-e Feyẕābād) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Jahangir Khan	Azadegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dretyń (ˈdrɛtɨɲ) (Kashubian: Dretiń, German: Treten) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dretyń	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernów (ˈbɛrnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bernów	Gmina Gowarczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	WALJ (105.1 FM) is an American radio station which has applied to be licensed to serve Northport, Alabama, USA.	WALJ	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morgan Territory Regional Preserve is a regional park located north of Danville and Livermore, California, bordering on Mt.	Morgan Territory Regional Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Curtin College of the Arts is a six-year high school with local student intake from the greater Fremantle area, and intake for gifted and talented arts and soccer programmes from across Western Australia.	John Curtin College of the Arts	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingtai Subdistrict (simplified Chinese: 平台街道; traditional Chinese: 平台街道 or 平臺街道; pinyin: Píngtái Jiēdào; literally: ``platform or terrace'') is a subdistrict of Liangyuan District, Shangqiu, Henan province, People's Republic of China, located on the southeastern outskirts of the city.	Pingtai Subdistrict	Liangyuan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tylmanowa (tɨlmaˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ochotnica Dolna, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Tylmanowa	Gmina Ochotnica Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stepna-Michałki (ˈstɛpna miˈxau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stepna-Michałki	Gmina Olszewo-Borki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norsk Høstfest (Norwegian language: ``Norwegian Autumn Festival'') is an annual festival held each Fall in Minot, North Dakota.	Norsk Høstfest	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tetlin National Wildlife Refuge is a dynamic landscape made up of forests, wetlands, tundra, lakes, mountains and glacial rivers bounded by the snowy peaks of the Alaska Range.	Tetlin National Wildlife Refuge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atwater Congregational Church is a registered historic building in Atwater, Ohio, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places since February 23, 1973.	Atwater Congregational Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kin Beach Provincial Park is a natural provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located just northwest of Kye Bay, to the north of Comox, British Columbia.	Kin Beach Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naalya is a township in Kira Municipality, in Kyaddondo County, Wakiso District, in Uganda.	Naalya	Wakiso District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Awajki (aˈvai̯ki) (German: Awecken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Awajki	Gmina Pasłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paranacity is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.	Paranacity	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlawn Baptist Church and Cemetery, also known as Woodlawn Missionary Baptist Church, is an US historic location in Nutbush, Haywood County, Tennessee.	Woodlawn Baptist Church and Cemetery	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sampués (Spanish pronunciation: (sampuˈes)) is a town and municipality located in the Sucre Department, northern Colombia.	Sampués	Sucre Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greensville Correctional Center is a prison facility located in unincorporated Greensville County, Virginia, near Jarratt.	Greensville Correctional Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	House at 9 North Front Street is a historic home located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	House at 9 North Front Street	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varvandi-ye Kuchak (Persian: وروندي كوچك‎‎, also Romanized as Varvandī-ye Kūchak and Varūndī-ye Kūchak) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Varvandi-ye Kuchak	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruhle Road Stone Arch Bridge was a historic stone arch bridge located at Malta in Saratoga County, New York.	Ruhle Road Stone Arch Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Street Connector, officially known as the Richard C. Lee Highway (named after former New Haven mayor Richard C. Lee), is a 1.1-mile-long (1.8 km) freeway section of Route 34 that is located in downtown New Haven, Connecticut, United States.	Oak Street Connector	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDX54 (sometimes referred to as Big Rock Ridge All Hazards) is a NOAA Weather Radio station that serves Big Rock Ridge, California and vicinity including some parts of the San Francisco Bay Area.	KDX54	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Golema (Persian: بالاگلما‎, also Romanized as Bālā Golemā; also known as Golemā-ye Bālā and Golmā-ye Bālā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Golema	Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Grochale (ˈstarɛ ɡrɔˈxalɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Grochale	Gmina Leoncin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaźwiny-Koczoty (jaʑˈvinɨ kɔˈt͡ʂɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jaźwiny-Koczoty	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariapatti is a Town Panchayat city in district of Virudhunagar district, Tamil Nadu.	Kariapatti	Virudhunagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour des Archives is the keep of a former castle in the commune of Vernon in the Eure département of France.	Tour des Archives	Vernon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myślatyn (mɨˈɕlatɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Myślatyn	Gmina Lubycza Królewska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stewart's Department Store, also known as the Posner Building, is a historic department store building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Stewart's Department Store	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jachówka (jaˈxufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Jachówka	Gmina Budzów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoover Building on Western Avenue (A40) in Perivale, west London, is an example of Art Deco architecture designed by Wallis, Gilbert and Partners (1932-38).	Hoover Building	Perivale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambridge Bay (Inuinnaqtun: Iqaluktuuttiaq Inuktitut: ᐃᖃᓗᒃᑑᑦᑎᐊᖅ; 2006 population 1,477; UA population 1,147) is a hamlet located on Victoria Island in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Cambridge Bay	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fireh (Persian: فيره‎, also Romanized as Fīreh and Firah; also known as Fīreh Delārestāq) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Fireh	Bala Larijan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aigas is a small crofting hamlet, in Inverness-shire, Scotland, now within the Highland Council area.	Aigas	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazmiri (Persian: بزميري‎, also Romanized as Bazmīrī) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bazmiri	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peckham Rye is an open space and road in the London Borough of Southwark in London, England.	Peckham Rye	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Engineering Hall is an academic building at 3943 O'Hara Street on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Old Engineering Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The building contract, still on file at the St. Charles Parish courthouse in Hahnville, makes the Destrehan Plantation house the oldest documented house in the lower Mississippi River Valley.	Destrehan Plantation	St. Charles Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulnain Bridge (Scottish Gaelic: Drochaid Thulnain) is a village in Strathspey, next to the meeting of the River Dulnain and the River Spey, three miles south-west of Grantown-on-Spey, in the Scottish Highlands and the Highland council area.	Dulnain Bridge	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University Settlement Society of New York is an American organization which provides educational and social services to immigrants and low-income families, located at 184 Eldridge Street (corner of Eldridge and Rivington Streets) on the Lower East Side of the Manhattan borough of New York City, New York.	University Settlement Society of New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cordero Channel is a strait in British Columbia, Canada, located between the mainland and Vancouver Island, among the Discovery Islands north of the Strait of Georgia.	Cordero Channel	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanaf Cheh (Persian: خنفچه‎; also known as Khān Afjeh and Khanafjeh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khanaf Cheh	Pir Bazar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kand-e Qoli Khan (Persian: كندقليخان‎, also Romanized as Kand-e Qolī Khān) is a village in Kohanabad Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kand-e Qoli Khan	Kohanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arab Zehi (Persian: عرب زهي‎, also Romanized as ``Arab Zehī; also known as ``Arab Zā’ī and ``Arabzī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 19 families.	Arab Zehi	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firozpur district (Punjabi: ਫ਼ਿਰੋਜ਼ਪੁਰ ਜ਼ਿਲ੍ਹਾ) is one of the twenty-two districts in the state of Punjab located in the North-West of the Republic of India.	Firozpur district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Stefan's Romanian Orthodox Church is a historic church built in 1924 in South St. Paul, Minnesota, United States.	St. Stefan's Romanian Orthodox Church	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Kopana (ˈstara kɔˈpana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stara Kopana	Gmina Tarczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shippon is a village in Oxfordshire, England, 1 mile west of Abingdon.	Shippon	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center in downtown Kansas City, Missouri, USA, at 16th and Broadway, near the Power & Light District, the Sprint Center and the Crossroads Arts District.	Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park at River Walk (also known as ``River Walk Park'') is a public park located in Bakersfield, California.	The Park at River Walk	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavlaneh (Persian: كاولانه‎, also Romanized as Kāvlāneh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kavlaneh	Gavork-e Nalin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. John A. Brown House, also known as the ``Anchorage'', is a historic home located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware.	Dr. John A. Brown House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seymour Arm, known historically also as Ogdensville or Ogden City and Seymour, is an unincorporated area and former town located at the head of the inlet of the same name on Shuswap Lake in British Columbia, Canada.	Seymour Arm	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	50 Moganshan Road (Chinese: 莫干山路50号) or ``M50'' is a contemporary art district in Shanghai, China, that houses a thriving community of more than a hundred artists whose studios are open to the public.	50 Moganshan Road	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agudath Israel Etz Ahayem (``Congregation of Israel Tree of Life'') is a Conservative Jewish congregation located at 3525 Cloverdale Road in Montgomery, Alabama.	Agudath Israel Etz Ahayem	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Central State Trail is a 62-mile (100 km) recreational rail trail serving a section of the northern quarter of the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	North Central State Trail	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Despite the controversy over the political status of Taiwan, both the Republic of China and the People's Republic of China agree that Penghu is a county in (their own respective) ``Taiwan Province'' (Taiwan Province, Republic of China and Taiwan Province, People's Republic of China).	Penghu	Taiwan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seymour Inlet is one of the lesser traveled of the principal inlets of the British Columbia Coast.	Seymour Inlet	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Territory of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands, also called Cocos Islands (/ˈkoʊkəs/) and Keeling Islands, is a territory of Australia, located in the Indian Ocean, southwest of Christmas Island and approximately midway between Australia and Sri Lanka.	Cocos (Keeling) Islands	Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravensburg State Park is a Pennsylvania state park in Crawford Township in Clinton County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Ravensburg State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołoząb Mały (kɔˈwɔzɔmp ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kołoząb Mały	Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cotati Naval Outer Landing Field was a naval airfield located near Cotati, in Sonoma County, California, USA.	Cotati Naval Outer Landing Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomice-Młynik (tɔˈmit͡sɛ ˈmwɨnik) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gizałki, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tomice-Młynik	Gmina Gizałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apalit is a first class municipality in the province of Pampanga, on Luzon Island in the Philippines.	Apalit	Pampanga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalak Jafar (Persian: كلك جعفر‎, also Romanized as Kalak Ja``far) is a village in Mansuri Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 10 families.	Kalak Jafar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craven Hill Gardens is a garden square bordering the Paddington and Bayswater areas within the City of Westminster, London.	Craven Hill Gardens	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	J. B. Milleysack Cigar Factory is a historic cigar factory located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	J. B. Milleysack Cigar Factory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazanan (Persian: پازنان‎, also Romanized as Pāzanān) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pazanan	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sian-e Sofla (Persian: سيان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sīān-e Soflá, Seyān Soflá, and Siyan Sofla; also known as Sīān-e Pā’īn and Siān Pāīn) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sian-e Sofla	Central District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fleur-de-lis Trail is a scenic roadway located on Nova Scotia's Cape Breton Island.	Fleur-de-lis Trail	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deptford (/ˈdɛtfəd/) is an area of South-East London, England, located mainly within the London Borough of Lewisham and partly within the Royal Borough of Greenwich.	Deptford	London Borough of Lewisham	Royal Borough of Greenwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mercyhurst Preparatory School, commonly called Mercyhurst Prep or MPS, is a Catholic, coeducational secondary school located in Erie, Pennsylvania.	Mercyhurst Preparatory School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budzyno-Lipniki (buˈd͡zɨnɔ lipˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwonka, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budzyno-Lipniki	Gmina Czerwonka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samsonów-Piechotne (samˈsɔnuf pjɛˈxɔtnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Samsonów-Piechotne	Gmina Zagnańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Bear Recreation Park, more commonly referred to as Great Bear, is a small ski hill in the northeastern section of Sioux Falls, South Dakota, in the United States.	Great Bear Recreation Park	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	MEO Arena (formerly Pavilhão Atlântico) is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Lisbon, Portugal.	MEO Arena	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Casper Clubhouse at 1002 E. L St. in Casper, Wyoming is a relatively rare example of rammed earth construction in Wyoming.	North Casper Clubhouse	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zambrzyce-Plewki (zamˈbʐɨt͡sɛ ˈplɛfki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zambrzyce-Plewki	Gmina Rutki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boone Hospital Center is a county-owned not-for-profit hospital in Columbia, Missouri.	Boone Hospital Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmwood Historic District encompasses two large residential sections of the Elmwood neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island.	Elmwood Historic District	Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandaravadai Perumandi is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Perumandi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermeyak (Persian: حرميك‎, also Romanized as Ḩermeyak, Harmīk, Ḩarm-e Yak, and Ḩermīak; also known as Charmek) is a village in Tashan Rural District, Riz District, Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hermeyak	Tashan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Abu ol Hasani (Persian: حسن ابادابوالحسني‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Abū ol Ḩasanī and Ḩasanābād-e Abowlḩasanī; also known as Abowl Ḩasanī and Abū ol Ḩasanī) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Abu ol Hasani	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere dei Pierleoni is the stretch of lungotevere which links piazza di Monte Savello to ponte Palatino, in Rome, in rione Ripa.	Lungotevere dei Pierleoni	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kola Sangian (Persian: كلاسنگيان‎, also Romanized as Kolā Sangīān) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kola Sangian	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Gomar (Persian: قشلاق گمار‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gomār) is a village in Hegmataneh Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Gomar	Hegmataneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scottish Dance Theatre is a contemporary dance company based at Dundee Repertory Theatre in Dundee, Scotland.	Scottish Dance Theatre	Dundee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharafti (Persian: شرفتي‎, also Romanized as Sharaftī) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sharafti	Ahlamerestaq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uithoorn (Dutch pronunciation: (œy̯tˈɦoːrn)) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Uithoorn	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosbüll (Danish: Bosbøl, North Frisian:Bousbel) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Bosbüll	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Börnecke is a village in the borough of Blankenburg (Harz) in the northern Harz Foreland in the central German district of Harz in Saxony-Anhalt.	Börnecke	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Magic Valley is a region in south-central Idaho consisting of Blaine, Camas, Cassia, Gooding, Jerome, Lincoln, Minidoka and Twin Falls Counties.	Magic Valley	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahriz-e Lotfi (Persian: كهريزلطفي‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Loţfī; also known as Loţfī and Lutfi) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Lotfi	Rezvaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pompano Beach High School (formerly Pompano High School, Pompano Beach Senior High School and The Pompano Beach High School Institute of International Studies) is a full magnet high school located in Pompano Beach, Florida, which instructs grades 9 through 12.	Pompano Beach High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samoklęski Duże (samɔˈklɛ̃ski ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Samoklęski Duże	Gmina Szubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiromabad (Persian: چيرم اباد‎, also Romanized as Chīromābād) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chiromabad	Rudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philip Billard Municipal Airport (IATA: TOP, ICAO: KTOP, FAA LID: TOP) is a public airport three miles (5 km) northeast of downtown Topeka, the capital city of Kansas and the county seat of Shawnee County.	Philip Billard Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Złotoryja County (Polish: powiat złotoryjski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Złotoryja County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greeley West High School is located in Greeley, Colorado, USA, on 35th Avenue and West 24th Street.	Greeley West High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clonsilla (Irish: Cluain Saileach, meaning ``meadow of the willow or sally tree'') is a suburb of Dublin in the district of Fingal, Ireland.	Clonsilla	Fingal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holyoke High School is a public high school in western Massachusetts, that serves the City of Holyoke.	Holyoke High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Parkdale railway station was a passenger rail station on the Grand Trunk Railway in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	South Parkdale railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longfellow-Evangeline State Historic Site, located in St. Martinville, Louisiana, showcases the cultural significance of the Bayou Teche region.	Longfellow-Evangeline State Historic Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	King William Training School, also known as the Pamunkey Baptist Association Building, is a historic Rosenwald school complex located at King William, King William County, Virginia.	King William Training School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bordley is a village in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England, within the Yorkshire Dales National Park and 12 miles (19 km) north of Skipton.	Bordley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cascade Locks and Canal was a navigation project on the Columbia River between the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington, completed in 1896.	Cascade Locks and Canal	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francis Stuyvesant Peabody House is a historical Queen Anne Style residence in Hinsdale, Illinois most notably owned by Francis S. Peabody of Peabody Coal from 1911 to 1921.	Francis Stuyvesant Peabody House	Hinsdale
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Munt la Schera Tunnel is a single lane road tunnel located in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Munt la Schera Tunnel	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarbon-e Sofla (Persian: ازاربن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āzārbon-e Soflá; also known as Āzarbon and Āzārbon) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Azarbon-e Sofla	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balav (Persian: بلاو‎, also Romanized as Balāv) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Balav	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The T.G. Smith Centre is an ice hockey complex in Steinbach, Manitoba.	T.G. Smith Centre	Steinbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganeshwar is a village in Neem-Ka-Thana Tehsil (Mandal) in the Sikar District of the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Ganeshwar	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iwye District (Belarusian: Іўеўскі раён) is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.	Iwye District	Grodno Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northern Peninsula Area Region is a local government area in Far North Queensland, Australia, covering areas on the northwestern coast of Cape York Peninsula.	Northern Peninsula Area Region	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gawler Ranges are a range of stoney hills in South Australia to the north of Eyre Peninsula.	Gawler Ranges	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Topanga, formerly known as Topanga Plaza, is a 1.6 million square-foot two-level indoor shopping center located in Canoga Park, California, owned by the Westfield Corporation.	Westfield Topanga	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The KPXM Tower (formerly KXLI Tower) is the tallest structure in Minnesota, a guyed aerial mast rising 1505 feet (458.72 meters).	KPXM Tower	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Duran (Persian: سردوران‎, also Romanized as Sar Dūrān; also known as Sar Darūn and Savdarūn) is a village in Fazl Rural District, Zarrin Dasht District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sar Duran	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gen. Isaac Peace Rodman House is an historic house at 1789 Kingstown Road (northeast of its junction with Saugatuck Road) in South Kingstown, Rhode Island.	Gen. Isaac Peace Rodman House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Sarv (Persian: ده سرو‎; also known as Deh Salab and Deh Sarm) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Sarv	Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dyas Hexagonal Barn is an historical structure located near Bellevue in rural Jackson County, Iowa.	Dyas Hexagonal Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heinz Field is a stadium located in the North Shore neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Heinz Field	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durmunak (Persian: دورمونك‎, also Romanized as Dūrmūnaḵ) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Durmunak	Seydun-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mousehole (/ˈmaʊzəl/; Cornish: Porthenys) is a village and fishing port in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Mousehole	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mapperton is a civil parish in Dorset, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) south-east of Beaminster.	Mapperton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad-e Nadar (Persian: اميرابادندر‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Nadar and Amīrābād-e Nader; also known as Amīrābād-e Pāpī and Amīrābād-e Papī) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Nadar	Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyniyeh-ye Olya (Persian: حسينيه عليا‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Ḩoseynīyeh-ye Fajer) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 216, in 39 families.	Hoseyniyeh-ye Olya	Azadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cemal Reşit Rey Concert Hall (Turkish: Cemal Reşit Rey Konser Salonu) is a concert hall located in the Harbiye neighbourhood of Istanbul, Turkey.	Cemal Reşit Rey Concert Hall	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nolan River is a river in north central Texas, running through Johnson County and Hill County and is part of the Brazos River drainage basin.	Nolan River	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Cleveland is a bulk freight shipping port at the mouth of the Cuyahoga River on Lake Erie in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Port of Cleveland	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ard Crags is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria, England, it is situated in the Newlands Valley just off the minor road between Keswick and Buttermere.	Ard Crags	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Ortúzar is one of the neighbourhoods of Buenos Aires.	Villa Ortúzar	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arzago d'Adda is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of Milan and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of Bergamo.	Arzago d'Adda	Province of Bergamo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pitt Rivers Museum is a museum displaying the archaeological and anthropological collections of the University of Oxford in Oxford, England.	Pitt Rivers Museum	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habersham County Airport (ICAO: KAJR, FAA LID: AJR) is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of the central business district of Cornelia, in Habersham County, Georgia, United States.	Habersham County Airport	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Din Thong (Thai: ดินทอง) is a subdistrict in the Wang Thong District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Din Thong	Wang Thong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paynton Ferry is a ferry in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan near Paynton, Saskatchewan.	Paynton Ferry	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarskavaig (Tarsgabhaig in Scottish Gaelic) is a crofting village on the West coast of Sleat on the Isle of Skye in Scotland.	Tarskavaig	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Utrecht High School (formerly known as New Utrecht Training School, but the initials spelled N.U.T.S. leading to the name change sometime in the mid 1900s) is a coeducational public high school in Brooklyn, New York City, serving 3,000+ pupils.	New Utrecht High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bullocks Wilshire, located at 3050 Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles, California, is a 230,000-square-foot (21,000 m2) Art Deco building.	Bullocks Wilshire	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moorabool River is a river in Victoria, Australia that runs past several small towns and areas such as Meredith, Anakie, and Staughton Vale (north-west of Geelong).	Moorabool River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karveh (Persian: كروه‎; also known as Karbeh) is a village in Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karveh	Baraan-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Presbyterian Church, Leavenworth is a historic Presbyterian church at 407 Walnut Street in Leavenworth, Kansas.	First Presbyterian Church, Leavenworth	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lianyun District (simplified Chinese: 连云区; traditional Chinese: 連雲區; pinyin: Liányún Qū) is one of three urban districts of Lianyungang, Jiangsu province, China.	Lianyun District	Lianyungang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hills Creek Dam is a dam about 4 miles (6.4 km) southwest of Oakridge in Lane County, Oregon, United States.	Hills Creek Dam	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Newberg Medical Center Heliport (FAA LID: OG55) is a private heliport located in Newberg in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States.	Providence Newberg Medical Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhangjiagang (simplified Chinese: 张家港; traditional Chinese: 張家港; pinyin: Zhāngjiāgǎng; Wade--Giles: Chang-chia-kang; literally: ``Zhangs' Harbor''), formerly Shazhou County (沙洲县), is a county-level city under the administration of Suzhou, Jiangsu province, China.	Zhangjiagang	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fi Ab (Persian: في اب‎, also Romanized as Fī Āb) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Fi Ab	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanbaku Kar-e Pain (Persian: تنباکوکار پایین‎, also Romanized as Tanbākū Kār-e Pā’īn; also known as Tanbākū Kār) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tanbaku Kar-e Pain	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jundee Gold Mine is an active gold mine in Western Australia, approximately 55 km north east of the town of Wiluna, owned by Northern Star Resources.	Jundee Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Kam (Persian: دركم‎) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar Kam	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaibuskong River is a small river in Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario, Canada that runs south through the Township of Bonfield from its source at Lake Nosbonsing.	Kaibuskong River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fremantle Arts Centre is a multi-arts organisation, offering a program of exhibitions, residencies, art courses and music in a historic building in the heart of Fremantle, Western Australia.	Fremantle Arts Centre	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Cobb Reservoir is a reservoir located in Caddo County in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Fort Cobb Reservoir	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orb Aqueduct (French: Pont-canal de l'Orb, Pont-canal de Béziers ) is a bridge which carries the Canal du Midi over the Orb River in the city of Béziers in Languedoc, France.	Orb Aqueduct	Béziers
located in the administrative territorial entity	P.C. Cobb Stadium (previously Dal-Hi Stadium) was an outdoor athletic stadium near downtown Dallas, Texas.	P.C. Cobb Stadium	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palatik or Palatnik (Bulgarian: Палатик) is a village in the municipality of Belitsa, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Palatik	Belitsa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavdari-ye Emami (Persian: گاوداري امامي‎, also Romanized as Gāvdārī-ye Emāmī) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Gavdari-ye Emami	Sarab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tadlow is a civil parish and village in South Cambridgeshire, England on the River Cam (or Rhee).	Tadlow	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anar Mehr (Persian: انارمهر‎, also Romanized as Anār Mehr) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Anar Mehr	Dadenjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shouguang (Chinese: 寿光) is a county-level city located in Weifang Prefecture-level city, Shandong Province, China.	Shouguang	Weifang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloom-Carroll High School is a public high school located at 5420 Plum Rd NW, Carroll, Ohio 43112.	Bloom-Carroll High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virgil I. Grissom Municipal Airport (IATA: BFR, ICAO: KBFR, FAA LID: BFR) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Bedford, a city in Lawrence County, Indiana, United States.	Virgil I. Grissom Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wymyślanka (vɨmɨˈɕlanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wymyślanka	Gmina Lwówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodzia (ˈbɔd͡ʑa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bodzia	Gmina Lubanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korongoni is a ward in the Moshi Urban district of the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania.	Korongoni	Moshi Urban
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckeye Bridge also known as White's Ferry Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County, Illinois once listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Buckeye Bridge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ski Cooper is an alpine ski resort in Colorado, one of the oldest in the state.	Ski Cooper	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arkley South Fields are a Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, in Arkley in the London Borough of Barnet.	Arkley South Fields	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tading Gewog (Dzongkha: རྟ་སྡིང་) is a gewog (village block) of Samtse District, Bhutan.	Tading Gewog	Samtse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diablo Valley College (DVC) is a two-year community college in Pleasant Hill in Contra Costa County, California, USA.	Diablo Valley College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gafsele is a small Swedish village in Åsele Municipality, Västerbotten County, in the province of Lapland in northern Sweden, old spelling Gavsele.	Gafsele	Åsele Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayville Municipal Airport (FAA LID: D56) is a city owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Mayville, a city in Traill County, North Dakota, United States.	Mayville Municipal Airport	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakuba is located in Nwoya District, Acholi sub-region, in Northern Uganda.	Pakuba	Nwoya District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tugabri (Persian: توگبري‎, also Romanized as Tūgabrī) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tugabri	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freeport Junior High School, part of Freeport Area School District, is located on 1.75 acres (7,100 m2) at 325 Fourth Street, Freeport, Pennsylvania, USA.	Freeport Junior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musa Daraq (Persian: موسي درق‎, also Romanized as Mūsá Daraq) is a village in Qareh Naz Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Musa Daraq	Qareh Naz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesilla Plaza, also known as the La Mesilla Historic District or a La Mesilla Historic District Multiple Resource Area, is an historic district in Mesilla, New Mexico.	Mesilla Plaza	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crispus Attucks High School of Indianapolis Public Schools in Indianapolis, in the U.S. state of Indiana is named for Crispus Attucks (c.1723--March 5, 1770), a black protestor killed at the Boston Massacre.	Crispus Attucks High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robertów (rɔˈbɛrtuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacyna, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Robertów	Gmina Pacyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vulcănești (Romanian pronunciation: (vulkəˈneʃtʲ); Gagauz: Valkaneş) is a town in Gagauzia, Moldova.	Vulcănești	Gagauzia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curry School of Education is a public school of education in the U.S. Located on the campus of the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, the Curry School offers professional programs designed to prepare individuals for a variety of careers related to the practice of education.	Curry School of Education	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Königshütte Waterfall (German: Königshütter Wasserfall) is a waterfall in the village of Königshütte in the borough of Oberharz am Brocken in the Harz Mountains of Central Germany.	Königshütte Waterfall	Oberharz am Brocken
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJTN-FM is a radio station at FM 107.1 MHz, serving the Belleville/Quinte West region in Ontario.	CJTN-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarkco State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi located off Mississippi Highway 145 (old U.S. Highway 45) approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Quitman.	Clarkco State Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strathmore (D.J. Murray) Airport, (TC LID: CDJ5), is located 8.3 nautical miles (15.4 km; 9.6 mi) west northwest of Strathmore, Alberta, Canada.	Strathmore (D.J. Murray) Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusaki (ruˈsaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rusaki	Gmina Mońki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntingdon College, founded in 1854, is a coeducational liberal arts college affiliated with the United Methodist Church in Montgomery, Alabama, United States.	Huntingdon College	Montgomery
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connaught Square, in the City of Westminster (a London Borough), was the first square of city houses to be built in the Bayswater area.	Connaught Square	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flood Building is a 12-story highrise in the downtown shopping district of San Francisco, California completed in 1904.	Flood Building	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minkowice-Kolonia (miŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Minkowice-Kolonia	Gmina Mełgiew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carr Bank is a small hamlet near Arnside, Cumbria, England.	Carr Bank	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dineen Building is a registered heritage property on Yonge Street, at the corner of Temperance Street, in downtown Toronto, Ontario.	Dineen Building	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jablonné v Podještědí (German: Gabel) is a town in Liberec District, Liberec Region, Czech Republic.	Jablonné v Podještědí	Liberec District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotturpuram (Tamil: கோட்டுர்புரம் ) is a locality in Chennai (Madras), Tamil Nadu, India., Ace carnatic musicians (Late) Shri MS Subbulakshmi and (Late) Shri D.K. Pattammal have made the place proud.	Kotturpuram	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gzin Dolny (ˈɡʑin ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gzin Dolny	Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banfash (Persian: بنفش‎) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Banfash	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Clement's Island State Park is a publicly owned historic preservation and recreational area that encompasses St. Clement's Island, an uninhabited Potomac River island lying one-half mile southeast of Colton's Point, St. Mary's County, Maryland.	St. Clement's Island State Park	St. Mary's County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yong River (Chinese: 甬江, p Yǒng Jiāng) is one of the main rivers in China, located in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province.	Yong River	Ningbo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qezeljeh-ye Arshad (Persian: قزلجه ارشد‎) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezeljeh-ye Arshad	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvɔla)) is a district in western Warsaw, Poland, formerly the village of Wielka Wola, incorporated into Warsaw in 1916.	Wola	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshaqabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان اسحق آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eshaqabad Rural District	Zeberkhan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamarac National Wildlife Refuge covers 42,724 acres (172.90 km2) and lies in the glacial lake country of northwestern Minnesota in Becker County, 18 miles (29 km) northeast of Detroit Lakes.	Tamarac National Wildlife Refuge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skórkowice (skurkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skórkowice	Gmina Żarnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulecki Borek (suˈlɛt͡ski ˈbɔrɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęczyno, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sulecki Borek	Gmina Sulęczyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	City College of San Francisco, or CCSF, is a two-year community college in San Francisco, California.	City College of San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milabena is a small agricultural centre on the north-west coast of Tasmania west of Wynyard.	Milabena	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Worldwide Plaza is part of a three-building, mixed-use commercial and residential complex completed in 1989, in the New York City borough of Manhattan, known collectively as Worldwide Plaza.	One Worldwide Plaza	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clints Crags is a small fell in the north of the English Lake District near Blindcrake, Cumbria.	Clints Crags	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaman Province (Turkish: Karaman ili) is a province of central Turkey.	Karaman Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crafton Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges System, in Southern California.	Crafton Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohawk Valley Airport (FAA LID: 31NK) was a privately owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Scotia, a village in the Town of Glenville in Schenectady County, New York, United States.	Mohawk Valley Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Hansen Planetarium at 15 South State Street in Salt Lake City, Utah has served many functions throughout its history.	Old Hansen Planetarium	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Chestnut Hill Historic District encompasses the historic residential heart of the Newton portion of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.	Old Chestnut Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahonia Hall is the official residence of the Governor of Oregon, located in Oregon's capital city Salem.	Mahonia Hall	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	United States Army Reserve Center, Rio Vista is a former United States Army Reserve center located in Rio Vista, Solano County, California.	United States Army Reserve Center, Rio Vista	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanshang District (Chinese: 山上區; pinyin: Shānshàng Qū) is a rural district of about 7,500 residents in Tainan, Taiwan.	Shanshang District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzekoty (kʂɛˈkɔtɨ) (German: Groß Hasselberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Krzekoty	Gmina Lelkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sagran Chal (Persian: سگران چال‎, also Romanized as Sagrān Chāl and Sakrān Chāl) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Sagran Chal	Miyan Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chichiabad (Persian: چي چي اباد‎, also Romanized as Chīchīābād and Chichīyābād; also known as Chechīābād, Chīchakābād, and Chīchīkābād) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Chichiabad	Qareh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Springfield is a 4,260 acre (17.2 km²) reservoir located in the city of Springfield, Illinois, southeast of downtown.	Lake Springfield	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Country Living Museum (formerly The Black Country Museum) is an open-air museum of rebuilt historic buildings in Dudley in the West Midlands of England.	Black Country Living Museum	Dudley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyeth Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington, in a cirque to the west and north of Storm King, a peak 1 mi (1.6 km) northwest of Goode Mountain.	Wyeth Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union County Vocational-Technical High School (UC Tech) is a full-time vocational public high school, located in Scotch Plains in Union county, New Jersey, United States.	Union County Vocational-Technical High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leap Castle (pronounced ``Lep'') is a castle in Coolderry, County Offaly, Ireland, about four miles north of the town of Roscrea on the R421.	Leap Castle	Roscrea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorestown Friends School (also known as MFS) is a private, coeducational Quaker day school located at East Main Street and Chester Avenue in Moorestown Township, New Jersey, United States.	Moorestown Friends School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metslawier (West Frisian: Mitselwier) is a village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Metslawier	Dongeradeel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gov. Charles C. Stratton House, is located in Woolwich Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.	Gov. Charles C. Stratton House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Appel Farm Arts and Music Festival, is an annual one-day festival held the first Saturday in June at Appel Farm Arts and Music Center located near Elmer, in Salem County, New Jersey, USA.	Appel Farm Arts and Music Festival	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mall 205 is an enclosed shopping mall located at the junction of Interstate 205 and S.E. Washington Street in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Mall 205	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hogem Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in the northwest part of the Omineca Country of the North-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located between Takla Lake (W) and the Omineca River (E) and from the Nation Lakes (SE) to the Sustut River (NW).	Hogem Ranges	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broward Correctional Institution (BCI) was a correctional facility located in the former Country Estates CDP and in Southwest Ranches, Florida, operated by the Florida Department of Corrections.	Broward Correctional Institution	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lesner Bridge in Virginia Beach, Virginia connects the bay area to the Virginia Beach shore via Shore Drive (U.S. Route 60) -- crossing the Lynnhaven Inlet at the mouth the Chesapeake Bay.	Lesner Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buharkent is a town and a district of Aydın Province in the Aegean region of Turkey, 86 km east of the city of Aydın, on the road and the railway line to Denizli.	Buharkent	Aydın Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delta Heritage Trail State Park is a 960-acre (390 ha) Arkansas state park in Arkansas, Desha, and Phillips counties, Arkansas in the United States.	Delta Heritage Trail State Park	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orazjin (Persian: اورازجين‎, also Romanized as Orāzjīn) is a village in Afshariyeh Rural District, Khorramdasht District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Orazjin	Afshariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilson-Finlay House, also known as Mist Lady, the Joshua Wilson House and the Finlay House, is a historic plantation house in Gainestown, Alabama.	Wilson-Finlay House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 118 (FM 118) is a 11.392-mile (18.334 km) farm to market road in Hunt County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 118	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adamasta Rock (Chinese: 北長洲石) is an uninhabited undersea rock in Hong Kong, in the centre of the busy Adamasta Channel between the Chi Ma Wan Peninsula of Lantau Island and Cheung Chau island, in Hong Kong.	Adamasta Rock	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Azizi-ye Qadim (Persian: ميرعزيزي قديم‎, also Romanized as Mīr ``Azīzī-ye Qadīm) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 47 families.	Mir Azizi-ye Qadim	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeitenlik (Greek: Ζέιτενλικ, Serbian Cyrillic: Зејтинлик) is an Allied military cemetery and World War I memorial park in Thessaloniki, the largest in Greece.	Zeitenlik	Thessaloniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponte Buggianese (Italian pronunciation: (ˈponte buddʒaˈneːze)) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pistoia in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of Florence and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Pistoia.	Ponte Buggianese	Province of Pistoia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Musconetcong is located on the border of Morris County and Sussex County, New Jersey, and is part of Hopatcong State Park, which is administered by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection.	Lake Musconetcong	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cité de l'Or (``The City of Gold'') is an attraction located in Val-d'Or, in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue region of Quebec, Canada.	Cité de l'Or	Val-d'Or
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellington Church is a congregation and parish church of the Church of Scotland, serving part of the Hillhead area of Glasgow, Scotland.	Wellington Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kincardine and Deeside was formerly (1975-96) a local government district in the Grampian Region of Scotland.	Kincardine and Deeside	Grampian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obertshausen is a town in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse, Germany.	Obertshausen	Offenbach	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małachowo-Szemborowice (mawaˈxɔvɔ ʂɛmbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Małachowo-Szemborowice	Gmina Witkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Hutchinson Island, Florida is an Atlantic coastal barrier island, lying north of the Fort Pierce Inlet in St. Lucie County, Florida.	North Hutchinson Island	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Michael's Church Complex, also known as St. Michael the Archangel Roman Catholic Church, is a historic Roman Catholic church complex located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	St. Michael's Church Complex	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rifle Falls State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Garfield County northeast of Rifle, Colorado.	Rifle Falls State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Issaquah Valley Trolley (IVT) is a heritage streetcar line in Issaquah, Washington, United States.	Issaquah Valley Trolley	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caples'-Ringlings' Estates Historic District (also known as the John Ringling Estate, the Charles Ringling Estate, and the Ralph Caples Estate) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on December 15, 1982) located in Sarasota, Florida.	Caples'-Ringlings' Estates Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balmuccia (Piedmontese: Balmucia) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) northeast of Turin and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Vercelli.	Balmuccia	Province of Vercelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	108 St Georges Terrace or South32 Tower (formerly known as Bankwest Tower, the Bond Tower and the R&I Tower) is a 50-storey office tower in Perth, Western Australia.	108 St Georges Terrace	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shipham (grid reference ST445575) is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England on the western edge of the Mendip Hills near the A38, approximately 15 miles (24 km) south of Bristol.	Shipham	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bęczarka (bɛnˈt͡ʂarka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślenice, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bęczarka	Gmina Myślenice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nepean Museum, located at 16 Rowley Avenue, Nepean, Ontario, Canada, is a community-focused museum that preserves, makes accessible and communicates Nepean's rich history and its important role in the city of Ottawa.	Nepean Museum	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Consolidated Ice Company Factory No. 2 was built in 1907 in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Consolidated Ice Company Factory No. 2	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mithavirana is small village located in Vav taluka in Banaskantha district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Mithavirana	Banaskantha district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackrabbit Pass is an undeveloped desert section of land located within Yuma County, Arizona, United States.	Jackrabbit Pass	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suteh Deh (Persian: سوته ده‎, also Romanized as Sūteh Deh) is a village in Anzan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Suteh Deh	Anzan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bona Thompson Memorial Center, formerly the Bona Thompson Memorial Library, is a historic building on the original Butler University campus in the Irvington Historic District of Indianapolis, Indiana.	Bona Thompson Memorial Center	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielenin-Kolonia (vjɛˈlɛnin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wielenin-Kolonia	Gmina Uniejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Satiar (Persian: كاني ساتيار‎, also Romanized as Kānī Sātīār) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kani Satiar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fordham Road is a major street in the Bronx, a borough of New York City that runs east-west from the Harlem River to Bronx Park.	Fordham Road	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	McElroy Auditorium, also known as the Hippodrome, is a 5,155 permanent seat multipurpose arena located in Waterloo, Iowa.	McElroy Auditorium	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bremervörde is a town in the north of the district Rotenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bremervörde	Rotenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Wagrain is located in Vöcklabruck, Upper Austria, approximately one kilometre east of the town centre.	Castle Wagrain	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dim Zelleh (Persian: ديم ظله‎, also Romanized as Dīm Z̧elleh and Dīm Z̄elleh) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dim Zelleh	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Wacht is a hamlet in the Dutch province of South Holland and is part of the municipality Binnenmaas.	De Wacht	Binnenmaas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hildene, the Lincoln Family Home was the summer home of Robert Todd Lincoln and his wife Mary Harlan Lincoln, located in Manchester, Vermont.	Hildene	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torsh Ap (Persian: ترش اپ‎, also Romanized as Torsh Āp) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Torsh Ap	Dokuheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Angeles City Hall, completed 1928, is the center of the government of the city of Los Angeles, California, and houses the mayor's office and the meeting chambers and offices of the Los Angeles City Council.	Los Angeles City Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Plata High School is part of the Charles County Public Schools and is located in La Plata, Maryland, United States.	La Plata High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Saad (Persian: شيخ سعد‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Saʿad) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Saad	Sorkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho San Diego Island (also called ``Peninsula of San Diego'') was a 4,185-acre (16.94 km2) Mexican land grant in present day San Diego County, California given in 1846 by Governor Pío Pico to Pedro C. Carrillo.	Rancho San Diego Island	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markopoulo Mesogaias (Greek: Μαρκόπουλο Μεσογαίας) is a suburban town and a municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Markopoulo Mesogaias	Attica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Rig-e Owl (Persian: سرريگ اول‎, also Romanized as Sar Rīg-e Owl; also known as Sar Rīg-e Yek and Sarrīq-e Meygūnī) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sar Rig-e Owl	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirur Anantpal is a town and headquarters of Shirur Anantpal Taluka in Latur subdivision of Latur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Shirur Anantpal	Latur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverkeithny is a village in the Formartine area of Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Inverkeithny	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfad-e Jadid (Persian: اسفادجديد‎, also Romanized as Esfād-e Jadīd; also known as Esfād) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Esfad-e Jadid	Shaskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perth Amboy Public Library is the free public library in the city of Perth Amboy, New Jersey located at 196 Jefferson Street.	Perth Amboy Public Library	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Attendorn ( ) is a German town in the Olpe district in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Attendorn	Olpe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ćwikielnia (t͡ɕfiˈkʲɛlɲa) (German: Neu Stabigotten) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ćwikielnia	Gmina Stawiguda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Community of Greater Annecy was formed in January 2001 by ten communes of the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.	Community of Greater Annecy	Haute-Savoie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lone Mountain State Forest is a state forest in Morgan County, Tennessee, located in the southeastern United States.	Lone Mountain State Forest	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Argenta Historic District encompasses significant historic elements of central North Little Rock, Arkansas.	Argenta Historic District	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karasiewo (karaˈɕevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Karasiewo	Gmina Bakałarzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twentieth Century Club of Lansdowne is a historic club building located at Lansdowne, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Twentieth Century Club of Lansdowne	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars (or Wilson Center), located in Washington, D.C., is a United States Presidential Memorial that was established as part of the Smithsonian Institution by an act of Congress in 1968.	Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słończewo (swɔɲˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słończewo	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claquato Church is a historic Methodist church building located off of Washington State Route 6 in Claquato, Washington.	Claquato Church	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pearce-McAllister Cottage is a historic house museum in the City Park West neighborhood of northeast Denver, Colorado, USA.	Pearce-McAllister Cottage	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shib Zardi (Persian: شيب زردي‎, also Romanized as Shīb Zardī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shib Zardi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khurain (Persian: خورايين‎, also Romanized as Khūrā’īn and Khowrā``īn; also known as Khvor'īn and Qal``eh Khvor’īn) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 5 families.	Khurain	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peñagrande is a neighborhood to the north of Madrid's city centre, in the district of Fuencarral-El Pardo.	Peñagrande	Fuencarral-El Pardo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woody Hayes Athletic Center is an indoor athletics training facility of The Ohio State University.	Woody Hayes Athletic Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Revonah Manor Historic District is a 23.1-acre (9.3 ha) predominantly residential historic district in Stamford, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	Revonah Manor Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeg County (Polish: powiat brzeski (ˈpɔvʲat ˈbʐɛskʲi)) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Brzeg County	Opole Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Carroll Historic District is a designated historic district in the Carroll County, Illinois town of Mount Carroll, which is the county seat.	Mount Carroll Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mardi Gras Casino, formerly known as Hollywood Greyhound Track, is a casino and greyhound racing facility located in Hallandale Beach, in the U.S. state of Florida.	Mardi Gras Casino	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wappingers Falls Historic District is in the center of that village in Dutchess County, New York, United States.	Wappingers Falls Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snake River High School is a high school near Blackfoot, Idaho.	Snake River High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lenawee County Courthouse is a county courthouse located at 309 North Main Street (M-52) in the city of Adrian in central Lenawee County, Michigan.	Lenawee County Courthouse	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lesbian Herstory Archives (LHA) is a New York City-based archive, community center, and museum dedicated to preserving lesbian history, located in Park Slope, Brooklyn.	Lesbian Herstory Archives	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Los Gatos or Santa Rita was a 4,424-acre (17.90 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day Monterey County, California given in 1837 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to José Trinidad Espinoza.	Rancho Los Gatos or Santa Rita	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghesht (Persian: باغشت‎, also Romanized as Bāghesht) is a village in Bashtin Rural District, Davarzan District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baghesht	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ohio State University, commonly referred to as Ohio State or OSU, is a public research university in Columbus, Ohio.	Ohio State University	Columbus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borówiec (bɔˈruvjɛt͡s) (German: Waldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kórnik, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Borówiec	Gmina Kórnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldeck Castle within the limits of the village of Dorweiler in Dommershausen in the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis (district) in Rhineland-Palatinate was the main seat of the Hunsrück family of Boos.	Waldeck Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godzikowo (ɡɔd͡ʑiˈkɔvɔ) (German: Gisbertshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Godzikowo	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Reno Regional Airport (ICAO: KRQO, FAA LID: RQO) is in Canadian County, Oklahoma, five miles southwest of El Reno, which owns it.	El Reno Regional Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interlake is a provincial electoral division in the Canadian province of Manitoba.	Interlake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eynesbury Hardwicke was a civil parish in the Huntingdonshire of Cambridgeshire, England.	Eynesbury Hardwicke	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oconee Nuclear Station is a nuclear power plant located on Lake Keowee near Seneca, South Carolina, and has an energy output capacity of over 2,500 megawatts.	Oconee Nuclear Station	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kramer Complex is a grouping of Kansas State University residence halls on the west side of the university's Manhattan campus.	Kramer Complex	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capital City Speedway was a stock car racetrack located 5km southwest of Stittsville, Ontario, a suburb of Ottawa, Canada.	Capital City Speedway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayside is a hamlet on the A590 road, in the South Lakeland district, in the county of Cumbria, England.	Ayside	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryczówek (rɨˈt͡ʂuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ryczówek	Gmina Klucze
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Malpais National Monument is a National Monument located in western New Mexico, in the Southwestern United States.	El Malpais National Monument	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mesa Oil Field is an abandoned oil field entirely within the city limits of Santa Barbara, California, in the United States.	Mesa Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madeh Banan (Persian: ماده بانان‎, also Romanized as Mādeh Bānān) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Madeh Banan	Ramjerd-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyslop Field Research Laboratory is an agricultural research facility operated by the Oregon State University Crop and Soil Science Department.	Hyslop Field Research Laboratory	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śladków Górny (ˈɕlatkuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Śladków Górny	Gmina Zgierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallowa County Chieftain Building in Enterprise, Oregon is a historic building of the Wallowa County Chieftain newspaper that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.	Wallowa County Chieftain Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanlockhead is a village in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland, nestling in the Lowther Hills and one mile south of Leadhills at the head of the Mennock Pass, which forms part of the Southern Uplands.	Wanlockhead	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Ayaz (Persian: ميراياز‎, also Romanized as Mīr Āyāz) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mir Ayaz	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jenny Jump State Forest is a state park in the U.S. state of New Jersey operated by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection's Division of Parks and Forestry.	Jenny Jump State Forest	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nalkheda is a town (Tehsil) and a nagar Parishad in Agar Malwa district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Nalkheda	Agar Malwa district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World's Peace Jubilee and International Musical Festival of 1872 took place in the Back Bay area of Boston, Massachusetts.	World's Peace Jubilee and International Musical Festival	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Bolbol (Persian: حسن بلبل‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Bolbol; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasan Bolbol	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowina Błotna (sɔˈvina ˈbwɔtna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sowina Błotna	Gmina Pleszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aydamir (Persian: ايدمير‎, also Romanized as Āydamīr) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aydamir	Qaflankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontarsais is a village in Carmarthenshire, Wales 5 miles (8 km) north of Carmarthen and 180 miles (290 km) west of London.	Pontarsais	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rourke Art Museum is a fine arts museum in Moorhead, Minnesota, United States, founded by James O'Rourke.	Rourke Art Museum	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waverley Park (originally VFL Park) was an Australian rules football stadium in Mulgrave, Victoria, Australia.	Waverley Park	Mulgrave, Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Kaldeh (Persian: سياهكلده‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Kaldeh; also known as Sīāh Galdeh) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Kaldeh	Divshal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geisel Privathotels is a Munich-based private hotel and gastronomy group founded in 1900 and includes four hotels (Hotel Königshof, Hotel Excelsior, anna hotel, Cosmopolitan Hotel) and three restaurants.	Geisel Privathotels	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogilice (Serbian: Богилице) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bogilice	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village of Ballachulish (/ˌbæləˈxuːlɪʃ/ BAL-ə-KHOO-lish or /ˌbæləˈhuːlɪʃ/, from Scottish Gaelic Baile a' Chaolais (baləˈxɯːlˠ̪ɪʃ)) in Lochaber, Highland, Scotland, is centred on former slate quarries.	Ballachulish	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magheracloone is a parish in south County Monaghan.	Magheracloone	County Monaghan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rezlansar (Persian: رزلانسر‎, also Romanized as Rezlānsar) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Rezlansar	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Marina Lighthouse (Spanish: Faro la Marina) is an active lighthouse set in parkland on high cliffs above the Pacific Ocean, in Miraflores a district of Lima, the capital of Peru.	La Marina Lighthouse	Miraflores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Box Hill Senior Secondary College (BHSSC) is a state-run co-educational senior secondary school located in Box Hill, Victoria, Australia.	Box Hill Senior Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golestan-e Taleqani (Persian: گلستان طالقاني‎, also Romanized as Golestān-e Ţāleqānī) is a village in Ayask Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Golestan-e Taleqani	Ayask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bystrowice (bɨstrɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Бистровичі, Bystrovychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bystrowice	Gmina Roźwienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks End is a hamlet assimilated with Birchington, in Kent, England, and 1 mile (2 km) southwest of the village's centre.	Brooks End	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashmizan (Persian: اشميزان‎, also Romanized as Āshmīzān; also known as Āchmīzān) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Ashmizan	Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mines of Spain State Recreation Area and E. B. Lyons Nature Center is a state park in Dubuque County, Iowa, USA.	Mines of Spain State Recreation Area and E. B. Lyons Nature Center	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Pelazir (Persian: قشلاق پلازير‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pīlāz̄īr; also known as Pīlarz) is a village in Anbaran Rural District, Anbaran District, Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Pelazir	Anbaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Studenternas IP is a multi-use stadium in Uppsala, Sweden and the home arena for the football club IK Sirius Fotboll and in bandy for IK Sirius in Elitserien and several other bandy teams.	Studenternas IP	Uppsala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unser Racing Museum, located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, U.S., is a non-profit museum celebrating the accomplishments of New Mexico's native racing family, the Unsers.	Unser Racing Museum	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 23 Lawrence Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a good example of a late 19th century high style Colonial Revival house.	House at 23 Lawrence Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicholtown is a predominantly African-American community located in Greenville, South Carolina.	Nicholtown	Greenville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lekarty (lɛˈkartɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lekarty	Gmina Nowe Miasto Lubawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scodie Mountains are a sub-mountain range of the Southern Sierra Nevada rising from the Mojave Desert, and located in Kern County, California.	Scodie Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzai-ye Ahangari (Persian: ميرزايي اهنگري‎‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā'ī-ye Ahangarī) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mirzai-ye Ahangari	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Comminges is an ancient region of southern France in the foothills of the Pyrenees, corresponding closely to the arrondissement of Saint-Gaudens in the department of Haute-Garonne.	Comminges	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DCU Center (originally Centrum in Worcester, formerly Worcester's Centrum Centre and commonly Worcester Centrum) is an indoor arena and convention center complex located in downtown Worcester, Massachusetts.	DCU Center	Worcester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reynolds-Alberta Museum, in Wetaskiwin, Alberta, Canada is one of 18 provincially owned and operated historic sites and museums.	Reynolds-Alberta Museum	Wetaskiwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangta Subdistrict, Suzhou (Chinese: 双塔街道) is a township-level division of Gusu District, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.	Shuangta Subdistrict, Suzhou	Gusu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caroline Ladd Pratt House is a mansion at 229 Clinton Avenue, Brooklyn, New York, USA.	Caroline Ladd Pratt House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabeth Lowell High School was a public high school located in Cotuit, Massachusetts.	Elizabeth Lowell High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallaville is a town and locality in Queensland, Australia.	Wallaville	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sciora Dadent (or Sciora di Dentro) (3,275 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia Range of the Alps, located south of Vicosoprano in the canton of Graubünden.	Sciora Dadent	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	701 Brickell Avenue, is an office skyscraper in the Brickell district of Miami, Florida, United States.	701 Brickell Avenue	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraszów (ˈkraʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzybórz, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kraszów	Gmina Międzybórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benicia State Recreation Area is a state park unit of California, USA, protecting tidal wetland.	Benicia State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol-e Tut (Persian: گل توت‎, also Romanized as Gol-e Tūt) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gol-e Tut	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mugdrum Island lies in the Firth of Tay, offshore from the town of Newburgh, Fife, in the east of Scotland.	Mugdrum Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soldotna Airport (IATA: SXQ, ICAO: PASX, FAA LID: SXQ) is a city-owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Soldotna, Alaska.	Soldotna Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brownston is a picturesque hamlet in Devon, England.	Brownston	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pete Dye Golf Club is an 18-hole facility in Harrison County, just northwest of Bridgeport, West Virginia.	Pete Dye Golf Club	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lambert-Parent House is a historic house in the village of Union City, Ohio, United States.	Lambert-Parent House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jells Park is a public park in Wheelers Hill, a suburb to the south-east of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Jells Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muriedas is the capital of the municipality of Camargo (Cantabria, Spain).	Muriedas	Camargo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konarnayi (Persian: كنارنايي‎, also Romanized as Konārnāyī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konarnayi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Negarabad (Persian: نگاراباد‎, also Romanized as Negārābād; also known as Nayyerābād and Niyārābād) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Shirin Su District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Negarabad	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarazari is a village in Muddebihal taluk of Vijapur district in Karnataka state.	Yarazari	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalimpong and neighbouring Darjeeling were major centres calling for a separate Gorkhaland state in the 1980s, and more recently in 2010.	Kalimpong	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taberlaane (Võro: Tabõrlaanõ) is a village in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.	Taberlaane	Antsla Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mowat Block is an office building in Toronto, Ontario, home to Ontario's provincial Ministry of Education, Training, Colleges and Universities, Public Infrastructure and the Ministry of Culture.	Mowat Block	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anbar Ab (Persian: انبار آب‎, also Romanized as Anbār Āb and Anbārāb) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Anbar Ab	Zarrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anderson's Cove was a small town on the south coast of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Anderson's Cove	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filian-e Sofla (Persian: فيليان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Fīlīān-e Soflá; also known as Fīlīān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Filian-e Sofla	Miyan Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acciaroli is an Italian hamlet (frazione) of Pollica (Province of Salerno), located in Campania region and the greatest one of its comune.	Acciaroli	Pollica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ijuí is a Brazilian municipality of Rio Grande do Sul, situated 395 kilometres (245 mi) from the state capital, Porto Alegre.	Ijuí	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orłów-Parcel (ˈɔrwuf ˈpart͡sɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Orłów-Parcel	Gmina Bedlno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teresewo (tɛrɛˈsɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Teresewo	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Kabahar (Persian: ده كابهار‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Kābahār) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kabahar	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havilan (Persian: هاويلان‎, also Romanized as Ḩāvīlān; also known as Hāvīlā) is a village in Zhan Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Havilan	Zhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scousburgh is a small community in the South Mainland of Shetland, overlooking the picturesque Scousburgh Sand, and Spiggie Loch.	Scousburgh	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billdal is a bimunicipal locality situated in Kungsbacka Municipality, Halland County, and Gothenburg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, in Sweden.	Billdal	Kungsbacka Municipality	Gothenburg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadakkal is a small village, 2 km from Kalluvathukkal in Kollam, Kerala, India.	Nadakkal	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Short Pump Town Center is located in Henrico County, Virginia on Broad Street (U.S. Route 250), approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) west of I-64 Exit 178A/B.	Short Pump Town Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balmaseda (in Basque and officially, in Spanish: Valmaseda) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country.	Balmaseda	Biscay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinglev (German: Tingleff) is a town with a population of 2,729 (1 January 2014) in Aabenraa Municipality in Region of Southern Denmark on the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark.	Tinglev	Aabenraa Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalcatongo de Hidalgo (also, Chalcatongo and Villa Hidalgo) is a municipality in the Mexican state of Oaxaca.	Chalcatongo de Hidalgo	Oaxaca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakland Army Base, also known as the Oakland Army Terminal, was a former United States Army base in the San Francisco Bay Area of California.	Oakland Army Base	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montezuma Marsh is a marsh at the northern end of Cayuga Lake in the Finger Lakes region of New York.	Montezuma Marsh	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timucuy Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``place of the dove (divine hen)'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (63.15 km2) of land and located roughly 25 km southeast of the city of Mérida.	Timucuy Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żelkowo (ʐɛlˈkɔvɔ) (German: Wendisch Silkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żelkowo	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historic Trail is a series of water routes in the United States extending approximately 3,000 miles (4,800 km) along the Chesapeake Bay, the nation's largest estuary, and its tributaries in Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, and in the District of Columbia.	Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historic Trail	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khikan (Persian: خيكان‎, also Romanized as Khīkān) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Khikan	Central District	Alborz Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swarzewo (sfaˈʐɛvɔ) (Kashubian: Swôrzewò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Swarzewo	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnesville Pumpkin Festival is an annual festival in Barnesville, Ohio, dedicated to the growing and harvesting of pumpkins and other fall harvests.	Barnesville Pumpkin Festival	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marquette Interchange is a major freeway interchange in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin, located near Marquette University where Interstate 43, Interstate 94, and Interstate 794 meet.	Marquette Interchange	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massasoit State Park is a Massachusetts state park located on the southeast side of the city of Taunton with some parklands spilling into the adjacent town of Lakeville.	Massasoit State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodcrest Country Club is a semi-private 18-hole golf course located in the Woodcrest section of Cherry Hill, New Jersey.	Woodcrest Country Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martinak State Park is a state park in the state of Maryland, located on the Choptank River and Watts Creek in Caroline County.	Martinak State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firuziyeh (Persian: فيروزيه‎, also Romanized as Fīrūzīyeh; also known as Kalāteh-ye Fīrūzīyeh) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Firuziyeh	Daman Kuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomona Hall is a colonial mansion located at 1900 Park Boulevard and Euclid Avenue, in Camden, Camden County, New Jersey, United States, that operates as a museum by the Camden County Historical Society.	Pomona Hall	Camden	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mattapan (/mætəˈpæn/) is a neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts.	Mattapan	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Puerta del Puente (Spanish: ``Gate of the Bridge'') is a Renaissance gate in Córdoba, Andalusia	Puerta del Puente	Córdoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mundy Regional Park is a regional park located on the western edge of the Darling Scarp, approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Perth in Western Australia.	Mundy Regional Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Fresnay or Frênay is a French castle, 1.2 km to the north of Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt in Mayenne.	Château de Fresnay	Le Bourgneuf-la-Forêt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolbeno (German: Bulben, in local dialect: Bolbén) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of Trento.	Bolbeno	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kudappanamoodu is a village in the south east of Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala in India.	Kudappanamoodu	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hat and Fragrance Textile Gallery is an exhibit space at Shelburne Museum in Shelburne, Vermont which houses quilts, hatboxes, and various other textiles.	Hat and Fragrance Textile Gallery	Shelburne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zurzach District is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau.	Zurzach District	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City Academy, Hackney is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Homerton area of the London Borough of Hackney, England.	City Academy, Hackney	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jali Kola (Persian: جاليكلا‎, also Romanized as Jālī Kolā; also known as Jārī Kolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jali Kola	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Direh Rural District (Persian: دهستان ديره‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Direh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierpów (ˈɕerpuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sierpów	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meaher State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located on Big Island, an island at the north end of Mobile Bay that lies within the city limits of Spanish Fort, Alabama.	Meaher State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łebno (ˈwɛbnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łebno	Gmina Szemud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lloyd and Henry Warehouse, also known as Laney's Feed Mill, is a historic warehouse located at Huntingdon in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Lloyd and Henry Warehouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algyő (ˈɒlɟøː) is a large village in Csongrád County, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Algyő	Csongrád County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buffalo Gap Wind Farm is located in Nolan and Taylor Counties, about 20 miles (30 km) south west of Abilene, Texas.	Buffalo Gap Wind Farm	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1973, Weil der Stadt has been part of the district of Böblingen, including the municipalities of Merklingen (not the same as Merklingen in Alb-Donau district), Hausen an der Würm, Schafhausen and Münklingen.	Weil der Stadt	Böblingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashabowie/Upper Shebandowan Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CKF5), is located on Upper Shebandowan Lake 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) east of Kashabowie, Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Kashabowie/Upper Shebandowan Lake Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLCM is a commercial Christian AM radio station located in Charlotte, Michigan.	WLCM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTKR (760 AM) is an all-sports radio station serving the San Antonio, Texas, USA area.	KTKR	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kühtai Saddle (German: Kühtaisattel) (el. 2,017 m (6,617 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Tyrol.	Kühtai Saddle	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradley Prairie is the name of a prairie in Southwest Angelina County, Texas, in the United States.	Bradley Prairie	Angelina County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boesch, Hummel, and Maltzahn Block, also referred to as the Boesch-Hummel-Maltzahn Block, is a historic building in New Ulm, Minnesota, United States.	Boesch, Hummel, and Maltzahn Block	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDonald Theatre is a theater and music venue in Eugene, Oregon, United States.	McDonald Theatre	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janiki Małe (jaˈniki ˈmawɛ) (German Klein Hanswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Janiki Małe	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry H. Smith/J.H. Murphy House is located east of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Henry H. Smith/J.H. Murphy House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kostroga (kɔsˈtrɔɡa) (German Helenenhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kostroga	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lat Konar (Persian: لات كنار‎‎, also Romanized as Lāt Konār) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lat Konar	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biała Dolna (ˈbjawa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłobuck, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Biała Dolna	Gmina Kłobuck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paminivandlavooru is a village in Mangalapalle Panchayat which is located in Bangarupalyam mandal belonging to Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh state in southern India.	Paminivandlavooru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qulaq Kasan (Persian: قولاق كسن‎, also Romanized as Qūlāq Kasan) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qulaq Kasan	Golidagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ren County or Renxian (simplified Chinese: 任县; traditional Chinese: 任縣; pinyin: Rén Xiàn), is a county located around 17 kilometres (11 mi) from Xingtai, Hebei, which administrates it.	Ren County	Xingtai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Mary's Catholic Church Complex is a historic Roman Catholic parish church located within the Archdiocese of Newark at Liberty and W. 6th Streets in Plainfield, Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Saint Mary's Catholic Church Complex	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Page Regional Airport (FAA LID: 64G) is a privately owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) east of the central business district of Page, a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States.	Page Regional Airport	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Hyatt Washington is a hotel in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Grand Hyatt Washington	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolejny (tɔˈlɛi̯nɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tolejny	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O'Reilly House, known officially known as the Father Miguel O'Reilly House Museum, and also known as the House of Don Lorenzo de Leon, is a historic home in St. Augustine, Florida.	O'Reilly House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cliffoney, officially Cliffony (Irish: Cliafuine (Cliathmhuine), meaning ``hurdled thicket''), is a village in north County Sligo, Ireland.	Cliffoney	County Sligo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poett Nook, British Columbia is a small cove located on the West Coast of Vancouver Island.	Poett Nook	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rose Medical Center is a private hospital in Denver, Colorado that provides general health care with an emphasis on women's health, bariatrics, back and spine care,and cancer treatment.	Rose Medical Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Junior-Senior High School is located in Greentown, Indiana and houses grades 7-12 for Eastern Howard School Corporation.	Eastern Junior-Senior High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parishan (Persian: پريشان‎, also Romanized as Parīshān) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Parishan	Jereh and Baladeh District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Higher Blackley is an electoral district or ward in the north of the City of Manchester, England.	Higher Blackley	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainhill is a large village and civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of St Helens, in Merseyside, England.	Rainhill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polatycze (pɔlaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Polatycze	Gmina Terespol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howard Park P.S. 218, also known as School 7, is a historic elementary school located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Howard Park P.S. 218	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcester-Hudson High School is the main secondary school for grades 9-12 located in Alcester, South Dakota.	Alcester-Hudson High School	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabut (Persian: زابوت‎, also Romanized as Zābūt) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zabut	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James E. Walker Library is the campus library of Middle Tennessee State University (MTSU).	James E. Walker Library	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park&Suites Arena (also known as the ARENA) is an indoor arena located in the Montpellier suburb, in the south of France that opened in September 2010.	Park&Suites Arena	Montpellier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Mabry (ICAO: KATT) is a military installation in Austin, Texas that houses the headquarters of the Texas Military Forces and the Texas Military Forces Museum.	Camp Mabry	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lajayer (Persian: لجاير‎, also Romanized as Lajāyer) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Lajayer	Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirpasand (Persian: ميرپسند‎, also Romanized as Mīrpasand; also known as Shāhsavan (Persian: شاهسون), Shāhsavand (Persian: شاهسوند), and Shāhsūn) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mirpasand	Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paradi or Paradhi is a village and Gram panchayat in Bobbili mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Paradhi	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kampinmalmi (Swedish: Kampmalmen) is a district in southern Helsinki, Finland.	Kampinmalmi	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atalu (Persian: عطالو‎, also Romanized as ``Aţālū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 19 families.	Atalu	Bastamlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zion Canyon (also called Little Zion, Mukuntuweap, Mu-Loon'-Tu-Weap, and Straight Cañon; weap is Paiute for canyon) is a deep and narrow gorge in southwestern Utah, United States, carved by the North Fork of the Virgin River.	Zion Canyon	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nucet (Romanian pronunciation: (nuˈt͡ʃet); Hungarian: Diófás) is a town in Bihor County, western Transylvania, Romania.	Nucet	Bihor County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kisielany-Żmichy (kiɕeˈlanɨ ˈʐmixɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kisielany-Żmichy	Gmina Mokobody
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahang (Malay pronunciation: (paˈhaŋ)) is the third largest state in Malaysia, after Sarawak and Sabah, and the largest in Peninsular Malaysia.	Pahang	Malaysia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul VI Catholic High School (known as ``PVI'') is a Roman Catholic college preparatory school in Fairfax, Virginia, USA.	Paul VI Catholic High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korokchi (Persian: كركچي‎, also Romanized as Korokchī) is a village in Sheykhdarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Korokchi	Sheykhdarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angelo Brocato's Italian Ice Cream Parlor (often called Brocato's) is a family-owned ice cream parlor located in the Mid-City neighborhood of New Orleans, Louisiana.	Angelo Brocato's	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lentokenttä (Swedish: Flygfältet; English meaning: ``airfield'') is a district of Vantaa, Finland, located in the middle of the city.	Lentokenttä	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	He, therefore, avoided meeting them at Kashi and went incognito as the bull Nandi to Guptakashi in Uttarakhand.	Guptakashi	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alto Parnaíba is a Brazilian municipality in the southernmost tip of the state of Maranhão.	Alto Parnaíba	Maranhão
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talpaki (Russian: Талпаки) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Gvardeysky District of Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia.	Talpaki	Gvardeysky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dreiskau-Muckern was formed from two villages and is part of Großpösna in the Landkreis Leipzig in Saxony, Germany.	Dreiskau-Muckern	Großpösna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leaf Rapids Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CKA3), is located 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) north of Leaf Rapids, Manitoba, Canada.	Leaf Rapids Water Aerodrome	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Magic Carpet Ride is the official name of a 16-foot (4.9 m) high bronze statue of a surfer in Cardiff-by-the-Sea, California, that locals have nicknamed The Cardiff Kook, a name by which it has come to be known.	Cardiff Kook	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przegaliny Duże (pʂɛɡaˈlinɨ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Przegaliny Duże	Gmina Komarówka Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menhartice (German: Meinhardsdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Menhartice	Třebíč District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Frenchman Butte No. 501, Saskatchewan, a Canadian province, began as an area of 3 by 3 townships square of the Dominion Land Survey.	Rural Municipality of Frenchman Butte No. 501	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latsch (Italian: Laces) is a comune (municipality) in the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of the city of Bolzano.	Latsch	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moghanjiq (Persian: مغانجيق‎, also Romanized as Moghānjīq; also known as Moghānjeq) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Moghanjiq	Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walker Sisters Place was a homestead in the Great Smoky Mountains of Sevier County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Walker Sisters Place	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madayipara Madayipara is a flat topped hillock located in the Madayi, of Kannur district of Kerala state in the Southern India.	Madayipara	Kannur district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward Waldo House is a historic house on Waldo Road, in the southern edge of the town of Scotland, Connecticut, at the Sprague town line.	Edward Waldo House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crownpoint Airport (FAA LID: 0E8) is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northwest of the central business district of Crownpoint, in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States.	Crownpoint Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gibson Bend of the Missouri River is a meander located in Pottawattamie County, Iowa and Douglas County, Nebraska, located at 41°11′15``N 95°55′15''W. The Gibson Bend of the Missouri River is located at Omaha Nebraska about where Hascall Street would intersect the river.	Gibson Bend	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asemandul (Persian: اسمان دول‎, also Romanized as Āsemāndūl) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Asemandul	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamline University School of Law is a private law school affiliated with Hamline University in Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Hamline University School of Law	Saint Paul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niegłowice (ɲɛɡwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Niegłowice	Gmina Jasło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church Village (Welsh: Pentre'r Eglwys) is a large village in the historic parish and community of Llantwit Fardre, located within the Taff Ely district of the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf in Wales.	Church Village	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chranibory Drugie (xraniˈbɔrɨ ˈdruɡʲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chranibory Drugie	Gmina Boćki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coudersport Ice Mine is an ice cave located in Sweden Township, Pennsylvania (east of Coudersport) that forms icicles in the spring and summer but not in the winter.	Coudersport Ice Mine	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marnah (Persian: مرنه‎) is a village in Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marnah	Sumay-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastlink Centre (formerly known as the Charlottetown Civic Centre) is a combined hockey/basketball arena and trade and convention facility located in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.	Eastlink Centre	Charlottetown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Yeldham is a small village in north west Essex, approximately one mile north east of Great Yeldham.	Little Yeldham	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępa Nagnajewska (ˈkɛmpa naɡnaˈjɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kępa Nagnajewska	Gmina Łoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redelinghuys is a village in the Bergrivier Local Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa, located about 160 kilometres (100 mi) north of Cape Town on the Verlorevlei River.	Redelinghuys	Bergrivier Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mutual of Omaha Building is a 285-ft (87 m), 14-story skyscraper in midtown Omaha, Nebraska, United States.	Mutual of Omaha Building	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wachusett Dam in Clinton, Massachusetts impounds the Nashua River creating the Wachusett Reservoir.	Wachusett Dam	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harly Forest (German: Harly-Wald, also Harlywald or just Harly) is a hill range up to 256 m above NN in the district of Goslar in southeastern Lower Saxony, Germany.	Harly Forest	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivenhall is a village and a civil parish near Witham in the Braintree District in the English county of Essex.	Rivenhall	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobritzsch-Hilbersdorf is a municipality in the Mittelsachsen district of Saxony, Germany, created with effect from 1 January 2012 by the merger of Bobritzsch and Hilbersdorf.	Bobritzsch-Hilbersdorf	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmaine or Kilmain (Irish: Cill Mheáin) is a barony and village in County Mayo, Ireland.	Kilmaine	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulpehocken Creek Historic District is a national historic district located in North Heidelberg Township, and Lower Heidelberg Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Tulpehocken Creek Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cambridge Home for the Aged and Infirm is an historic building on 650 Concord Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Cambridge Home for the Aged and Infirm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdollah Bazar (Persian: عبداله بازار‎, also Romanized as ``Abdollāh Bāzār) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 172, in 35 families.	Abdollah Bazar	Negur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brightly is a historic plantation home located near Goochland, Goochland County, Virginia.	Brightly	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northampton Downtown Historic District encompasses most of the central business district of Northampton, Massachusetts.	Northampton Downtown Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jakubowskie (jakuˈbɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jakubowskie	Gmina Boćki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willis Mountain is a monadnock rising from the rolling Piedmont hills of Buckingham County, Virginia, near the geographic center of the state.	Willis Mountain	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQXL-FM (106.5 FM, ``Q106.5'') is an Urban Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station serving the Baton Rouge, Louisiana, area.	KQXL-FM	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadów (ˈɡaduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mycielin, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gadów	Gmina Mycielin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vafr-e Jin (Persian: وفرجين‎, also Romanized as Vafr-e Jīn) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Vafr-e Jin	Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witten is a university city in the Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis (district) in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Witten	Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurel Hill Furnace is a historic iron furnace located at St. Clair Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.	Laurel Hill Furnace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Palm Beach Heights, is a residential subdivision in Jupiter, Florida.	North Palm Beach Heights	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plainfield Correctional Facility is a prison for men of the Indiana Department of Correction located in Plainfield, Indiana.	Plainfield Correctional Facility	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crab Orchard National Wildlife Refuge is a 43,890 acre (180 km²) National Wildlife Refuge primarily in southwestern Williamson County, but with small extensions into adjacent eastern Jackson and northeastern Union counties of southern Illinois, in the United States.	Crab Orchard National Wildlife Refuge	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagawki (naˈɡafki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nagawki	Gmina Dmosin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guyjeh Yaran (Persian: گويجه ياران‎, also Romanized as Gūyjeh Yārān; also known as Gūyjeh Bārān) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Guyjeh Yaran	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorohusk-Osada (dɔˈrɔxusk ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dorohusk, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dorohusk-Osada	Gmina Dorohusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A38 autoroute is a toll free motorway in Côte-d'Or, France.	A38 autoroute	Côte-d'Or
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenaqchi (Persian: چناقچي‎, also Romanized as Chenāqchī) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chenaqchi	Keyvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quinn Canyon Wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the Quinn Canyon Range of Nye County, in the central section of the state of Nevada in the western United States.	Quinn Canyon Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lost Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges, near Lost Hills, California and Interstate 5 in western Kern County, California.	Lost Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norwich State Hospital, originally established as Norwich State Hospital for the Insane and later shortened to Norwich Hospital, is located in Preston and Norwich, Connecticut.	Norwich State Hospital	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumpy Ridge is a prominent series of rocky cliffs, slabs, and buttresses adjacent to and north of the town of Estes Park, Colorado.	Lumpy Ridge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natural Bridge State Resort Park is a Kentucky state park located in Powell and Wolfe Counties along the Middle Fork of the Red River, adjacent to the Red River Gorge Geologic Area and surrounded by the Daniel Boone National Forest.	Natural Bridge State Resort Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bewsey and Whitecross is a ward to the west of the town centre of Warrington, England (and includes much of the town centre).	Bewsey	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slieverue, officially Slieveroe (Irish: Sliabh Rua, meaning ``red mountain''), is a village in South County Kilkenny, Republic of Ireland.	Slieverue	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yazbar (Persian: يزبر‎‎) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Yazbar	Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalkanlu (Persian: خلكانلو‎, also Romanized as Khalkānlū) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khalkanlu	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDPR (88.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Dayton, Ohio, serving the greater Dayton area.	WDPR	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunbar Historic District is a nationally recognized historic district on S Paul Laurence Dunbar Street in Dayton, Ohio.	Dunbar Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Siffleur Wilderness Area is a provincially designated wilderness area in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta.	Siffleur Wilderness Area	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	As for significant islands the Gulf of Saint Lawrence contains Anticosti Island, Prince Edward Island, Îles-de-la-Madeleine, Cape Breton Island, Saint Pierre Island, and Miquelon-Langlade.	Gulf of Saint Lawrence	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belly River is a river in northwest Montana, United States and southern Alberta, Canada.	Belly River	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wayne Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Wayne, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States.	Wayne Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cantung Mine is a tungsten producer in the Nahanni area of the Northwest Territories, Canada, located northeast of Watson Lake in the Flat River Valley of the Selwyn Range close to the Yukon border.	Cantung Mine	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stortorvet ('The Grand Plaza') is a square in Oslo, Norway, located west of Oslo Cathedral.	Stortorvet	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Germersheim station is a junction station in the south of the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Germersheim station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talu Bagh (Persian: تلوباغ‎, also Romanized as Talū Bāgh) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Talu Bagh	Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Place Tower is located at 655 West Irving Park Road, Chicago, Illinois and is a 56-story, 901-unit condominium tower located in the Lakeview neighborhood in the north side of Chicago.	Park Place Tower	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Florián is a town and municipality in the Santander Department in northeastern Colombia founded by the Pardo family.	Florián	Santander Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat-e Aghaj (Persian: رباطاغاج‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Āghāj and Robat Aghaj) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Robat-e Aghaj	Central District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scone High School is a government high school, located in the town of Scone, New South Wales.	Scone High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolpit is a village in the English county of Suffolk, midway between the towns of Bury St. Edmunds and Stowmarket.	Woolpit	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenti (Slovene: Lentiba) is a town in Zala County, Hungary, located near the border with Austria, Slovenia and Croatia.	Lenti	Zala County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joe Martin Foundation Craftsmanship Museum also known as the Craftmanship Museum and Miniature Engineering Museum is an American museum located in Carlsbad, California that collects and displays unique carefully crafted objects of metal and wood.	Craftsmanship Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward Youde Aviary (尤德觀鳥園) is a 3,000-square-metre (32,000 sq ft) aviary built over a natural valley at the southern corner of Hong Kong Park which is located in Central at the bottom of the north eastern slope of Victoria Peak in Hong Kong.	Edward Youde Aviary	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tadipatri or Tadpatri is a newly industrialized town and a Municipality in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Tadipatri	Anantapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaf Mahalleh (Persian: كرفمحله‎, also Romanized as Karaf Maḩalleh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Karaf Mahalleh	Amlash-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gigantinho (``Little Giant'' in Portuguese) is a sports arena in Porto Alegre, Brazil.	Gigantinho	Porto Alegre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located some 45 km west of Tallinn, Paldiski is a municipality within Harju County and has a regular ferry connection with Kapellskär in Sweden (operated by Tallink).	Paldiski	Harju County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achnacarry (Scottish Gaelic: Achadh na Cairidh; 'field of the fish-trap/weir') is a small hamlet, private estate, and a castle in the Lochaber region of Highland, Scotland.	Achnacarry	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arkansas Highway 57 Bridge is a Warren pony truss bridge in Stephens, Arkansas.	Arkansas Highway 57 Bridge	Stephens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altamonte Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located in Altamonte Springs, Florida, United States, a suburb of Orlando.	Altamonte Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trigo Mountains Wilderness is a 30,300-acre (12,262 ha) wilderness area in the U.S. state of Arizona and was established in 1990.	Trigo Mountains Wilderness	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sianab-e Parab (Persian: سياناب پرآب‎, also Romanized as Sīānāb-e Pārāb; also known as Seteh and Sūteh) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sianab-e Parab	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sendhwa is a city with a municipal government in Barwani district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Sendhwa	Barwani district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Independent School District 831 is a K-12 public school district located in the northeast exburban Twin Cities, near both Minneapolis and St. Paul in Minnesota.	Independent School District 831	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanathur (Kannada: ಕಣತೂರು) is a village in Turvekere taluk of Tumkur district, in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Kanathur	Tumkur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Junu (Persian: جونو‎‎, also Romanized as Jūnū) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Junu	Zagheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waltham Gas and Electric Company Generating Plant is a historic power company generator building at 96 Pine Street in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Waltham Gas and Electric Company Generating Plant	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Nicholas Breaker was a historic coal breaker in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania.	St. Nicholas Breaker	Schuylkill County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maraghiyeh (Persian: مراغيه‎, also Romanized as Marāghīyeh) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Maraghiyeh	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azilda railway station is a Via Rail flag stop station located in Azilda, Ontario, in the city of Greater Sudbury community of Rayside-Balfour.	Azilda railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szyleny (ʂɨˈlɛnɨ) (German: Schillgehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Szyleny	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Planoise is an urban area in the western part of Besançon, France, built in the 1960s between the hill of Planoise and the district of Hauts-de-Chazal.	Planoise	Besançon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Khiraleh (Persian: بنه خيراله‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Khīrāleh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Khiraleh	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Connaigre Peninsula is a Canadian peninsula located on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Connaigre Peninsula	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Niobrara Valley Preserve is a 56,000 acre (226 km sq.) conservation area in Brown and Keya Paha counties of Nebraska owned by The Nature Conservancy.	Niobrara Valley Preserve	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayport Aerodrome (FAA LID: 23N) (formerly known as Davis Field) is a historic rural airport one mile northwest of Bayport, New York.	Bayport Aerodrome	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Downtown Salem District is a historic district roughly bounded by Church, Central, New Derby, and Washington Streets in Salem, Massachusetts.	Downtown Salem District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shouson Hill (Chinese: 壽臣山) is a hill (approx 150 m high) on the coast of Deep Water Bay east of Wong Chuk Hang on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Shouson Hill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wauchula Municipal Airport (ICAO: KCHN, FAA LID: CHN) is a public-use airport located 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of the central business district of the city of Wauchula in Hardee County, Florida, United States.	Wauchula Municipal Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malabar Farm State Park is a state park in Richland County, Ohio, United States, located near Lucas and the Mohican State Park.	Malabar Farm State Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Formerly open at the Westfield Annapolis Mall in Annapolis, Maryland, Punk's Backyard Grill is a fast casual style restaurant, with counter ordering and food runners and bussers.	Punk's Backyard Grill	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maribo is also the capital of Lolland Municipality.	Maribo	Lolland Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falmouth Airpark (FAA LID: 5B6) is a public-use airport and residential airpark located four miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Falmouth, in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States.	Falmouth Airpark	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelston is a small village and civil parish in Somerset, 4 miles (6.4 km) north west of Bath, and 8 miles (12.9 km) east of Bristol, on the A431 road.	Kelston	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skoraszewice (skɔraʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Baldenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pępowo, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skoraszewice	Gmina Pępowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lat Mahalleh-ye Tiksar (Persian: لاتمحله تيكسر‎, also Romanized as Lāt Maḩalleh-ye Tīksar) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lat Mahalleh-ye Tiksar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chisholm Trail Technology Center (CTTC) is a public career and technology education center located in Omega, Oklahoma, and is part of the Oklahoma Department of Career and Technology Education system.	Chisholm Trail Technology Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrouy Sdau (ឃុំជ្រោយស្តៅ) is a khum (commune) of Thma Koul District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Chrouy Sdau	Thma Koul District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Studios or The South Bank Studios (also known as The London Television Centre and Kent House) in Waterloo, Central London is a television studio complex formerly owned by London Weekend Television.	The London Studios	Waterloo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płocin (ˈpwɔt͡ɕin) (German Plötzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Płocin	Gmina Wolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elliott Knob is one of the highest mountains in the northern portions of the U.S. state of Virginia.	Elliott Knob	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guttenadeevi is a small island village in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Guttenadeevi	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mchawa (ˈmxava) (Ukrainian: Мхава, Mkhava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Mchawa	Gmina Baligród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highlight Park is a small district on the northern outskirts of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales.	Highlight Park	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thekkummala is a small hill village in Vadaserikara Panchayat in Pathanamthitta district, India.	Thekkummala	Pathanamthitta district
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Summit or (occasionally) American Pass is a 3,420 feet (1,042 m)-high mountain pass through the high ground of the Fortymile River district of east-central Alaska.	American Summit	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Asa Packer Mansion, in Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania, United States, was the home of Asa Packer (1805--1879), coal and railroad magnate and founder of Lehigh University.	Asa Packer Mansion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cambie Bridge is a six-lane symmetric, precast, varying-depth-post tension-box girder bridge spanning False Creek in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Cambie Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banapuram is a small village located 30 km from Khammam district headquarters in Telangana, India.	Banapuram	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antietam Avenue Bridge was located where Antietam Avenue passed over the Dequindre Cut (formerly owned by the Grand Trunk Western Railroad) in Detroit, Michigan.	Antietam Avenue Bridge	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deleh Chenar (Persian: دله چنار‎, also Romanized as Deleh Chenār) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deleh Chenar	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubieszewo Pierwsze (lubjɛˈʂɛvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lubieszewo Pierwsze	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem Mall was the first enclosed shopping center in the Dayton, Ohio area.	Salem Mall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Siennickie (ˈbudɨ ɕɛnˈnit͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Siennickie	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novosedlice (German: Weißkirchlitz) is a village in the Czech Republic located in the Teplice District of the Ústí nad Labem Region.	Novosedlice	Teplice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clearfield Armory is a historic National Guard armory located in Lawrence Township, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Clearfield Armory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McKee Botanical Garden (area of 18 acres (7.3 hectares)) is a non-profit, subtropical botanical garden in Vero Beach, Florida.	McKee Botanical Garden	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čejč (German Czejtsch, Tscheitsch) is a village and municipality (obec) in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Čejč	Hodonín District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Shaari Emeth (meaning ``gates of truth''; Hebrew: השערים של אמת) is a Reform synagogue located at 400 Craig Road in Manalapan, New Jersey.	Temple Shaari Emeth	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tom Pendergast House is a historic residence located at 5650 Ward Parkway in the Country Club District in Kansas City, Missouri.	Tom Pendergast House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hancock County Airport (FAA LID: KY8), also known as Ron Lewis Field, is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Lewisport, in Hancock County, Kentucky, United States.	Hancock County Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przemiarowo (pʂɛmjaˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przemiarowo	Gmina Pułtusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear's Mill is a historic gristmill near the city of Greenville in Darke County, Ohio, United States.	Bear's Mill	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coal Cracker is a classic hydroflume ride located at Hersheypark in Hershey, Pennsylvania.	Coal Cracker	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harman Center for the Arts is a complex consisting of the Lansburgh Theatre (450 7th Street NW) and Sidney Harman Hall (SHH; at Sixth and F Streets NW) in downtown Washington, D.C., USA.	Harman Center for the Arts	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rigbie House, also known as ``Phillip's Purchase'', is a historic home located at Berkley, Harford County, Maryland.	Rigbie House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perryvale is a hamlet in northern Alberta in Athabasca County, located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) east of Highway 2, 104 kilometres (65 mi) north of Edmonton.	Perryvale	Athabasca County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottawa Municipal Airport (FAA LID: OWI) is in Ottawa, Kansas, four miles south of Ottawa at 2178 Montana Road.	Ottawa Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žedno is a village in the Čiovo peninsula, near Split, Croatia.	Žedno	Čiovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodnowo (rɔdˈnɔvɔ) (German: Reddenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Rodnowo	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seaton Village is a former unincorporated village located west of downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Seaton Village	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hugh H. Brown House, near Tonopah, Nevada, United States, is a large adobe house that was built in 1906.	Hugh H. Brown House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavi Cheshmeh (Persian: گوي چشمه‎, also Romanized as Gavī Cheshmeh; also known as Gavcheshmeh) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Gavi Cheshmeh	Hakimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in northwestern Florida, on the barrier island of St. Vincent, off the coast of Apalachicola.	St. Vincent National Wildlife Refuge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Espid Seyyed Fakhr (Persian: لااسپيدسيدفاخر‎, also Romanized as Lā Espīd Seyyed Fākhr) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	La Espid Seyyed Fakhr	Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Balutak (Persian: اب بلوطك‎, also Romanized as Āb Balūṭak; also known as Ābbalūṭak) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Balutak	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozliv (Ukrainian: Козлів) is an urban-type settlement in the Kozova Raion (district) of Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Kozliv	Kozova Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cross City Airport (IATA: CTY, ICAO: KCTY, FAA LID: CTY) is a county owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) east of the central business district of Cross City, a city in Dixie County, Florida, United States.	Cross City Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Six World Trade Center was an 8-story building in Lower Manhattan, New York City.	Six World Trade Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law is one of the professional graduate schools at Arizona State University, located in Tempe, Arizona.	Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWNL is a Christian radio station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	WWNL	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Master's College and Seminary is a Pentecostal Christian institution of higher education in Peterborough, Ontario that consists of an on campus Bible College, a church-based Seminary, and a global distance education program.	Master's College and Seminary	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieczonki (pjɛˈt͡ʂɔnki) (German: Pietzonken; 1930-1945: Grünau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giżycko, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pieczonki	Gmina Giżycko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lover's Leap Bridge is a wrought-iron lenticular truss bridge over the Housatonic River located in Lovers Leap State Park in New Milford, Connecticut.	Lover's Leap Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asharkota is a village in Lakshmipur District in the Chittagong Division of eastern Bangladesh.	Asharkota	Lakshmipur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuiabá River (Portuguese: Rio Cuiabá) is a Brazilian river in the southern state of Mato Grosso that flows in the Rio de la Plata Basin.	Cuiabá River	Mato Grosso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kepler Lake (French: Lac Kepler) is a reservoir located in Northwest Louisiana, USA.	Kepler Lake	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Platt Fields Park is a large public park in Fallowfield, Manchester, England which is home to Platt Hall.	Platt Fields Park	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Kniewo (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkɲevɔ) (German: Kienbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kolonia Kniewo	Gmina Drawno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velampalayam is a third grade municipality in Tiruppur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Velampalayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Solar Building, located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, was the world's first commercial building to be heated primarily by solar energy.	Solar Building	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bunster Range are a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located west of Powell Lake.	Bunster Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warnemünde station is located in the seaside resort of Warnemünde, a district of the Hanseatic city of Rostock in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Warnemünde station	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Museum of Visual Arts (Uruguay) (Spanish: Museo Nacional de Artes Visuales) a museum in Parque Rodó, Montevideo, Uruguay.	National Museum of Visual Arts (Uruguay)	Parque Rodó
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plant Field was the first major athletic venue in Tampa, Florida.	Plant Field	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Piedra Blanca was a large, 48,806-acre (197.51 km2) Mexican land grant in present-day San Luis Obispo County, California given in 1840 by Governor Juan Alvarado to José de Jesús Pico.	Rancho Piedra Blanca	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nattai National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Macarthur and Southern Highlands regions of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Nattai National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warragamba River, a river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Macarthur region of New South Wales, Australia.	Warragamba River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkdale High School or PHS is a public magnet high school located at 6001 Good Luck Road, Riverdale Park, Maryland 20737.	Parkdale High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Naz (Persian: ابناز‎, also Romanized as Āb Nāz) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Naz	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zongo is a city in Sud-Ubangi District in Équateur Province in the northwestern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo, lying on the south bank of the Ubangi River, across from Bangui in the Central African Republic.	Zongo	Équateur Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surmaczówka (surmaˈt͡ʂufka) (Ukrainian: Сурмачівка, Surmachivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Surmaczówka	Gmina Wiązownica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrs. Jay's was a popular bar and restaurant located in Asbury Park, New Jersey that took on several transformations during its 60 plus years of existence.	Mrs. Jay's	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles Henderson High School is a grades 9-12 high school located in the city of Troy, Alabama.	Charles Henderson High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnawa Duża (tarˈnava ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turobin, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Tarnawa Duża	Gmina Turobin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beecher Island is a sandbar located along the lower course of the Arikaree River, a tributary of the North Fork of the Republican River near Wray in Yuma County, Colorado.	Beecher Island	Yuma County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Bay Correctional Institution (GBCI) is an adult male maximum-security correctional facility operated by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections Division of Adult Institutions in Allouez, Wisconsin.	Green Bay Correctional Institution	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błażowa Górna (bwaˈʐɔva ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błażowa, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Błażowa Górna	Gmina Błażowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mediacom Ice Park is a multi-purpose arena located in downtown Springfield, Missouri.	Mediacom Ice Park	Springfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parczowce (parˈt͡ʂɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Parczowce	Gmina Kuźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Springwater meteorite is a stony-iron pallasite, found near Springwater, Saskatchewan in 1931.	Springwater meteorite	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tampa General Hospital (TGH) is a 1,018-bed teaching hospital in downtown Tampa, Florida.	Tampa General Hospital	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirabella Imbaccari (Sicilian: Mirabbedda, Latin: Imachara and Imacara) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southwest of Catania.	Mirabella Imbaccari	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Sójki (ˈnɔvɛ ˈsui̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kutno, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowe Sójki	Gmina Kutno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wezup is a town in the Netherlands that is a part of the Coevorden municipality in Drenthe.	Wezup	Coevorden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borgeby Castle (Swedish: Borgeby slott) lies in Lomma Municipality, Scania in southern Sweden, beside the Kävlingeån, the largest river in Scania.	Borgeby Castle	Lomma Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alman-e Qadim (Persian: ال مان قديم‎, also Romanized as Ālmān-e Qadīm) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alman-e Qadim	Bozkosh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellsbank is a village half a mile away from the market town of Dalmellington in East Ayrshire, Scotland.	Bellsbank	East Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright Peak is the 16th highest peak in the High Peaks of the Adirondack Park, and is located in the MacIntyre Range in the town of North Hudson, in Essex County, New York.	Wright Peak	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horsemans Pack or ``The Horseman'' (8,156 feet (2,486 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Horsemans Pack	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chartiers Valley High School (Established in 1959) is a public school physically located in Collier Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Chartiers Valley High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakiele (laˈkʲɛlɛ) (German: Lakellen; from 1938-45 Schönhofen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowale Oleckie, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lakiele	Gmina Kowale Oleckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Platoń (ˈplatɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnożyły, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Platoń	Gmina Czarnożyły
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denville Township School District is a comprehensive public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Denville Township, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States in two elementary schools and a middle school.	Denville Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenterden is a town with a large conservation area in the Ashford District of Kent, England.	Tenterden	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llutxent (Valencian pronunciation: (ʎuˈtʃent)) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Llutxent	Vall d'Albaida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biržai District Municipality Lithuanian municipality, located in northern Lithuania, Aukštaitija ethnographic region, Panevėžys County.	Biržai District Municipality	Panevėžys County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kusaj Khalil (Persian: كوسج خليل‎, also Romanized as Kūsaj Khalīl, Koosej Khalil, and Kūsaj-e Khalīl; also known as Kūseh Khalīl, Kūseh-ye Khalīl, and Kūsh Khalīl) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kusaj Khalil	Almahdi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnsville Lake is both a recreational and flood control reservoir on Little Kanawha River located southeast of Burnsville in Braxton County, West Virginia.	Burnsville Lake	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krowica Hołodowska (krɔˈvʲit͡sa xɔwɔˈdɔfska) (Ukrainian: Коровиця Голодівська, Korovytsia Holodivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Krowica Hołodowska	Gmina Lubaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charleston Arsenal was a United States Army arsenal facility in Charleston, South Carolina, seized by state militia at the outbreak of the American Civil War.	Charleston Arsenal	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The KFRC Fantasy Fair and Magic Mountain Music Festival was an event held June 10 and 11th, 1967 at the 4,000 seat Sidney B. Cushing Memorial Amphitheatre high on the south face of Mount Tamalpais in Marin County, California.	Fantasy Fair and Magic Mountain Music Festival	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal Street Theatre (1793--1852), also known as the Boston Theatre, was located at the corner of Federal and Franklin streets in Boston, Massachusetts.	Federal Street Theatre	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Iraj (Persian: ده ايرج‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Īraj and Deh Īraj) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Iraj	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bill Chipman Palouse Trail is a paved rail trail in the northwestern United States, from Pullman, Washington, eastward to Moscow, Idaho.	Bill Chipman Palouse Trail	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cruz Alta Department is a department located in the east of the Tucumán Province, Argentina.	Cruz Alta Department	Tucumán Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przyłogi (pʂɨˈwɔɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smyków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przyłogi	Gmina Smyków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northern Valley Regional High School District is a comprehensive regional public high school district composed of two public high schools serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Closter, Demarest, Harrington Park, Haworth, Northvale, Norwood and Old Tappan, suburban communities in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Northern Valley Regional High School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vefa Stadı (English: Vefa Stadium) (also named Karagümrük Stadı/Arena) is a football stadium, home ground of Turkish Regional Amateur League teams Fatih Karagümrük, located in Karagümrük, Istanbul.	Vefa Stadium	Karagümrük
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augusta Preparatory Day School (APDS) is a non-sectarian independent school in Augusta , Georgia.	Augusta Preparatory Day School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab-e Khaledabad (Persian: باب خالداباد‎, also Romanized as Bāb-e Khāledābād) is a village in Haq Rural District, Nalus District, Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bab-e Khaledabad	Haq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyre Peninsula is a triangular peninsula in South Australia.	Eyre Peninsula	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhydyfelin (Welsh pronunciation: (r̥ɨdəˈvɛlɪn), Mill Ford) is a large village and part of the community of Pontypridd, a town about two miles to its north west, in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf.	Rhydyfelin	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhosgadfan is a Welsh village in the county of Gwynedd.	Rhosgadfan	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Los Angeles National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery in the Sawtelle unincorporated community of the West Los Angeles neighborhood in Los Angeles County, California.	Los Angeles National Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sharlot Hall Museum is an open-air museum located in Prescott, Arizona.	Sharlot Hall Museum	Prescott
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sylmar High School is a public school in the northeast San Fernando Valley in the Sylmar district of Los Angeles, California.	Sylmar High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębogórze-Wybudowanie (dɛmbɔˈɡuʐɛ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dębogórze-Wybudowanie	Gmina Kosakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connecticut Avenue is a major thoroughfare in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C., and suburban Montgomery County, Maryland.	Connecticut Avenue	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Grande is the name of a property on Bygdøy in Oslo.	Villa Grande	Bygdøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talmadge L. Hill Field House is a 4,250-seat multi-purpose arena in Baltimore, Maryland, named for Morgan's football and basketball coach Talmadge L. Hill.	Talmadge L. Hill Field House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Graham School (or TGS) is a tuition-free public 4-year high school (grades 9-12) charter school located in Columbus, Ohio, United States.	The Graham School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre-Musée des Capucines, also known as the Théâtre musée des Capucines-Fragonard, is a private museum dedicated to perfume, and located in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris at 39, boulevard des Capucines, Paris, France.	Théâtre-Musée des Capucines	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge Robert S. Wilson House, also known as the Wilson-Wahr House, is a private house located at 126 North Division Street in Ann Arbor, Michigan.	Judge Robert S. Wilson House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Tam Road (Chinese: 大潭道; Cantonese Yale: daai6 taam4 dou6) in Hong Kong, links between Chai Wan and Stanley, on Hong Kong Island.	Tai Tam Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartlehiem is a hamlet, located partially in Ferwerderadiel, partially in Tytsjerksteradiel, and partially in Leeuwarderadeel and has around 70 citizens (2006).	Bartlehiem	Tytsjerksteradiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjirlu Rural District (Persian: دهستان انجيرلو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Anjirlu Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezledy (bɛˈzlɛdɨ) (German: Beisleiden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Bezledy	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qandak (Persian: قندك‎) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qandak	Zam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassing (German: Bessingen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Bassing	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Jumbo (Salish: 'Sin Min Koos,' which translates into 'obstacle' or 'thing in the way') is an iconic mountain that overlooks the city of Missoula, Montana.	Mount Jumbo	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pey Abzar (Persian: پي ابزار‎, also Romanized as Pey Ābzār; also known as Pey Ābzā) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pey Abzar	Tut-e Nadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holly Recreation Area is a state-run park in Groveland Township, near Holly, Michigan.	Holly Recreation Area	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ouren is a part of the municipality of Burg-Reuland and thus belongs to the German-speaking Community of Belgium.	Ouren	Burg-Reuland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jajui-ye Sofla (Persian: جاجوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jājūī-ye Soflá; also known as Jājū Soflá and Jājū-ye Soflá) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jajui-ye Sofla	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burbur-e Vosta (Persian: بوربوروسطي‎, also Romanized as Būrbūr-e Vosţá and Būrbūrā-ye Vosţá; also known as Būrbūrā) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Burbur-e Vosta	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Três Lagoas (``Three Ponds'') is a municipality in Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil.	Três Lagoas	Mato Grosso do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	60 Wall Street is a 50-story skyscraper (745 feet, 227 meters) in Lower Manhattan, which currently serves as the American headquarters of Deutsche Bank.	60 Wall Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skarbikowo (skarbiˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skarbikowo	Gmina Kampinos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Airview Historic District is a district of 12 houses built between 1896 and 1930 on each side of East Main Street in Middletown, Maryland.	Airview Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXHB (96.5 FM, ``96.5 The Hub'' and ``Pine Belt Solid Gospel'') is a Southern Gospel music formatted radio station servicing Hattiesburg, Laurel, and several other towns and communities in an area of South Mississippi known as the Pine Belt.	WXHB	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casino Regina is a casino located on Saskatchewan Drive -- till recently South Railway Street -- in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Casino Regina	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ringkirche (Ring Church) is a Protestant church in Wiesbaden, the state capital of Hesse, Germany.	Ringkirche	Wiesbaden	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northeast Philadelphia Airport is the sixth busiest airport in Pennsylvania.	Northeast Philadelphia Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arts Academy at Benjamin Rush (also known as Benjamin Rush, Rush Arts, or simply Rush) is a public, magnet high school located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	The Arts Academy at Benjamin Rush	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korea University Museum (고려대학교박물관), commonly called The University Museum, is a history, archaeology, and art museum that is part of the Korea University in Seoul, South Korea	Korea University Museum	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawukou District (simplified Chinese: 大武口区; traditional Chinese: 大武口區; pinyin: Dàwǔkǒu Qū; Wade--Giles: Ta-wu-k’ou Ch’ü) is a district under the administration of Shizuishan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Dawukou District	Shizuishan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCFB is a radio station that is licensed to Daytona Beach, Florida that serves the Greater Orlando area.	WCFB	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muhlenberg County Courthouse, located in Courthouse Square in Greenville, is the center of government of Muhlenberg County, Kentucky.	Muhlenberg County Courthouse	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Harvard Aircraft Association (CHAA) is a non-profit charitable organization based in Tillsonburg, Ontario.	Canadian Harvard Aircraft Association	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirdan (Persian: سيردان‎, also Romanized as Sīrdān; also known as Sardān and Serdan) is a city in Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Sirdan	Tarom Sofla District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kerala-Tamil Nadu border is at about 10 km from Vazhikkadavu.	Vazhikkadavu	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalam Ab (Persian: قلم‌آب‎, also Romanized as Qalam Āb; also known as Kolanī-ye Qalam Āb) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qalam Ab	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unison Historic District is a national historic district located at Unison, near Middleburg, Loudoun County, Virginia.	Unison Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pija Kola (Persian: پيجاكلا‎, also Romanized as Pījā Kolā; also known as Pīchā Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pija Kola	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łukawska Wola (wuˈkafska ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łukawska Wola	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	PV Puram, also known as Prasanna Venkateswara Puram (ప్రసన్న వెంకటేశ్వర పురం), is a village located in Chittoor District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Prasanna Venkateswara Puram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Con-Ed Redevelopment is a complex of residential skyscrapers proposed in New York City.	Con-Ed Redevelopment	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kacperówka (kat͡spɛˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland .	Kacperówka	Gmina Błędów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wookey is a village and civil parish 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Wells, on the River Axe in the Mendip district of Somerset, England.	Wookey	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaweah Oaks Preserve is located in Tulare County, California east of the city of Visalia not far from the mouth of the Kaweah River near the Venice Hills.	Kaweah Oaks Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duruh (Persian: دوروه‎, also Romanized as Dūrūh) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Duruh	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bełda (ˈbɛu̯da) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajgród, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bełda	Gmina Rajgród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Center Mall (formerly Red Bird Mall) is a shopping mall located in Dallas, Texas.	Southwest Center Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkestan (Persian: پركستان‎, also Romanized as Parkestān; also known as Parkeshān) is a village in Cham Kuh Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Parkestan	Cham Kuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Western is a former British colonial outpost at the head of navigation on the Kennebec River at modern Augusta, Maine, United States.	Fort Western	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Benedictine College was a Catholic Benedictine college in Cullman, Alabama, USA.	Southern Benedictine College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albrechtsburg is a Late Gothic castle that dominates the town centre of Meissen in the German state of Saxony.	Albrechtsburg	Meissen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqajan Kandi (Persian: اقاجانكندي‎, also Romanized as Āqājān Kandī; also known as Āqājeh Kandī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqajan Kandi	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowfold is a village and civil parish between Billingshurst and Haywards Heath in the Horsham District of West Sussex, England, located at the intersection of the A272 and A281 roads.	Cowfold	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armenia Mountain Wind Farm is a wind farm in Tioga County and Armenia Township in Bradford County in the Northern Tier region of Pennsylvania.	Armenia Mountain Wind Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Luke's and St. Margaret's Church is a former parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts in the Allston neighborhood of Boston.	St. Luke's and St. Margaret's Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brończyn (ˈbrɔɲt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brończyn	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remick Ridge Vineyards is a California-based vineyard and winery owned and operated by the Smothers Brothers.	Remick Ridge Vineyards	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The FirstMerit Bank Pavilion at Northerly Island (formerly the Charter One Pavilion) is an outdoor amphitheater located on the man-made peninsula, Northerly Island, in Chicago, Illinois.	FirstMerit Bank Pavilion	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanthaugen Freestyle Arena (Norwegian: Kanthaugen Freestyleanlegg) is a freestyle skiing stadium located in the hillside area of Kanthaugen in Lillehammer, Norway.	Kanthaugen Freestyle Arena	Lillehammer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefar Qaleh (Persian: صفرقلعه‎, also Romanized as Şefar Qal``eh) is a village in Dibaj Rural District, Lotfabad District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 105, in 41 families.	Sefar Qaleh	Dibaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern New Mexico University (abbreviated ENMU), frequently called Eastern is a state university in Portales, Roosevelt County, New Mexico, United States.	Eastern New Mexico University	Portales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozstajne (rɔsːˈtai̯nɛ) (Ukrainian: Розстайне, Rozstaine) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Rozstajne	Gmina Krempna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albertus L. Meyers Bridge (also known as the Eighth Street Bridge and unsigned as SR 2055) is a reinforced concrete open-spandrel arch bridge located in Allentown, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Albertus L. Meyers Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Poduchowna (ˈvulka pɔduˈxɔvna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wólka Poduchowna	Gmina Wasilków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheyenne Mountain Zoo is America's only mountainside zoo, located southwest of downtown Colorado Springs, Colorado on Cheyenne Mountain in the United States at an elevation of 6,800 feet (2,100 m) above sea level.	Cheyenne Mountain Zoo	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mobile District was incorporated into the Mississippi Territory.	Mobile District	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petroglyph National Monument stretches 17 miles (27 km) along Albuquerque, New Mexico's West Mesa, a volcanic basalt escarpment that dominates the city's western horizon.	Petroglyph National Monument	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivière-Ouelle is a town located in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality within the Bas-Saint-Laurent region of Quebec.	Rivière-Ouelle	Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubowicz-Kąty (luˈbɔvit͡ʂ ˈkɔntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Lubowicz-Kąty	Gmina Klukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stephen Formation is a middle Cambrian unit exposed in the Canadian Rockies of British Columbia.	Stephen Formation	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazarek (baˈzarɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bazarek	Gmina Telatyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pauingassi First Nation is an Anishinaabe (Saulteaux/Ojibwa) First Nation located approximately 280 kilometres (170 mi) northeast of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and 24 kilometres (15 mi) north of Little Grand Rapids, Manitoba, on a peninsula jutting southward into Fishing Lake, a tributary of Berens River.	Pauingassi First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Si (pronounced sigh) is a mountain in the U.S. state of Washington.	Mount Si	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Hills Golf & Country Club is a country club located in an unincorporated part of Oklahoma County that borders Forest Park and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	Twin Hills Golf & Country Club	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pashandegan (Persian: پشندگان‎, also Romanized as Pashandegān and Pashandagan) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Pashandegan	Poshtkuh-e Mugui Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bundesstraße 209 (B 209) is a German federal road that runs from Nienburg/Weser district in Lower Saxony to Schwarzenbek in the district of Herzogtum Lauenburg, Schleswig-Holstein.	Bundesstraße 209	Lower Saxony	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKRQ, known on-air as Q102, is a radio station located in the Cincinnati, Ohio area and broadcasts at 101.9 FM.	WKRQ	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quemahoning Tunnel is a tunnel that was constructed by the New York Central Railroad for use on the stillborn South Pennsylvania Railroad.	Quemahoning Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirante do Vale Building (Portuguese: Condomínio Mirante do Vale, loosely translated as Overlook of the Valley Condominium), commonly called Mirante do Vale, is a 170-metre (558 ft) office skyscraper located in São Paulo, Brazil, in the area of Downtown São Paulo and Vale do Anhangabaú.	Mirante do Vale	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolbark (ˈkɔlbark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kolbark	Gmina Klucze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Symphony Towers 1.2-million-square-foot, two-tower hotel and office complex located in the Financial District in San Diego, California, on B Street.	Symphony Towers	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ankenesstranda or Ankenesstrand (sometimes simply called ``Ankenes'') is a village in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Ankenesstranda	Narvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horse Pens 40 is a privately owned outdoor nature park located in St. Clair County near Steele, Alabama.	Horse Pens 40	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelnak (Persian: شلنك‎, also Romanized as Shalanak) is a village in Asara Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Shelnak	Asara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ambrose Whittlesey House is a historic house at 14 Main Street in Old Saybrook, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.	Ambrose Whittlesey House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botanical garden of Upper Brittany is located on the village of Le Châtellier (Ille-et-Vilaine), approximately 10 kilometers from the city of Fougères, between Rennes and the Mont Saint-Michel, near the A84 motorway.	Botanical garden of Upper Brittany	Le Châtellier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okříšky (Czech pronunciation: (ˈokr̝̊iːʃkɪ)) is a small town (městys) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Okříšky	Třebíč District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashmole Academy (formerly Ashmole School) is a secondary school with academy status in Southgate, England in the London Borough of Barnet.	Ashmole Academy	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canty Bay is a coastal hamlet off the A198, in East Lothian, Scotland, situated opposite the Bass Rock and Tantallon Castle.	Canty Bay	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardasht-e Ebrahimabad (Persian: سردشت ابراهيم آباد‎, Kurdish: Sardaşt‎, , also Romanized as Sardasht-e Ebrāhīmābād; also known as Ebrāhīmābād and Sardasht) is a village in Avalan Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sardasht-e Ebrahimabad	Avalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sfalassà Viaduct is a 254 metre high viaduct near Bagnara Calabra, Calabria, Italy.	Sfalassà Viaduct	Bagnara Calabra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ząbkowice Śląskie County (Polish: powiat ząbkowicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Ząbkowice Śląskie County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Żulińska (ˈvɔla ʐuˈliɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopiennik Górny, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Żulińska	Gmina Łopiennik Górny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roland Site (3 AR 30) is an archaeological site located on Dry Lake, an extinct channel of the White River in Arkansas County, Arkansas.	Roland Site	Arkansas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Journal Square Transportation Center is a multi-modal transportation hub located on Kennedy Boulevard at Journal Square in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States.	Journal Square Transportation Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mainpuri district (Hindi: मैनपुरी ज़िला, Urdu: میںپوری ضلع‎) is one of the districts in Agra division of Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Mainpuri district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Suzuki Secondary School is a institution located in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.	David Suzuki Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urszulanka (urʂuˈlanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Urszulanka	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oostzaan (Dutch pronunciation: (oːstˈsaːn)) is a municipality and a town in the Zaanstreek, Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Oostzaan	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuiqsut Airport (IATA: NUI, ICAO: PAQT, FAA LID: AQT) is a public use airport located in Nuiqsut, a city in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Nuiqsut Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Esperance is a local government area in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia, about 400 kilometres (250 mi) south of the town of Kalgoorlie and about 720 kilometres (450 mi) east-southeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Esperance	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Augustus Abbey, properly St. Benedict's Abbey, at Fort Augustus, Inverness-shire, Scotland, was a Benedictine monastery, from late in the nineteenth century to 1998.	Fort Augustus Abbey	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanjazz is an international jazz festival held annually in Tangier, Morocco since the year 2000.	Tanjazz	Tangier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greater Kankakee Airport (IATA: IKK, ICAO: KIKK, FAA LID: IKK) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Kankakee, a city in Kankakee County, Illinois, United States.	Greater Kankakee Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopeful Lutheran Church is an historic church built in 1917 in Florence, Kentucky.	Hopeful Lutheran Church	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Gothic Barns were a pair of historic agricultural buildings near the city of Cincinnati in Green Township, Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.	Old Gothic Barns	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duncton is a village and civil parish in the District of Chichester in West Sussex, England located 3 mi (4.8 km) south of Petworth on the A285 road.	Duncton	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apartheid Museum is a museum complex in Johannesburg, South Africa dedicated to illustrating apartheid and the 20th century history of South Africa.	Apartheid Museum	Johannesburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Araji Line (Hindi: अर्जी लाइन) (a.k.a Arajiline & Arazeeline) is a village in Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Araji Line	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Castaway was a military encampment at what is now Coos Bay, Oregon, United States.	Camp Castaway	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qush Bolagh (Persian: قوش بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Qūsh Bolāgh) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District, Leylan District, Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qush Bolagh	Leylan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frank M. Wilkes Power Plant is a base load, natural gas fired, electrical power station located northwest of Jefferson, Texas in Marion County, Texas.	Wilkes Power Plant	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rud Shir-e Ziranbuh (Persian: رودشيرزيرانبوه‎, also Romanized as Rūd Shīr-e Zīrānbūh; also known as Rūd Shīr-e Bālā) is a village in Khafri Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rud Shir-e Ziranbuh	Khafri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hariaj (Persian: هرياج‎, also Romanized as Harīāj) is a village in Hablerud Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hariaj	Hablerud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juradó (Spanish pronunciation: (xuɾaˈðo)) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department, Colombia.	Juradó	Chocó Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestnut Hill Reservation is a Massachusetts state park surrounding the Chestnut Hill Reservoir in the Allston-Brighton neighborhood of Boston.	Chestnut Hill Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Public Schools is a public school district located in southeast Tulsa, and northwest Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.	Union Public Schools	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potomac Speedway is a 3/8 mile clay oval raceway located in Budds Creek, Maryland, near Charlotte Hall.	Potomac Speedway	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merced Union High School District (MUHSD) is a school district headquartered in the Castle Commerce Center on the grounds of the Castle Airport Aviation and Development Center in unincorporated Merced County, California, near Atwater.	Merced Union High School District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noqol (Persian: نقل‎‎) is a village in Padena-ye Olya Rural District, Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Noqol	Padena-ye Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arpinge is a hamlet between Paddlesworth and Newington, Shepway to the west of Folkestone in Kent, England.	Arpinge	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslinbridge (Irish: Droichead na hEislinne) is a townland in County Leitrim.	Eslinbridge	County Leitrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elspeet is a village in the Netherlands, in the Veluwe region, in the municipality of Nunspeet, Gelderland, Netherlands.	Elspeet	Nunspeet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Shakri (Persian: چاه شاكري‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Shāḵrī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Shakri	Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dryden District School No. 5, also known as Eight Square Schoolhouse, is a historic octagonal school building located in Dryden in Tompkins County, New York.	Dryden District School No. 5	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bollmora is the central district and municipal seat of Tyresö Municipality in Sweden.	Bollmora	Tyresö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh Maran (Persian: تپه ماران‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Mārān and Tappeh-ye Mārān) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Maran	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhoman Shah is a town and union council of Depalpur Tehsil in the Okara District of Punjab Province, Pakistan, it is located at 30°31'60N 73°39'0E.	Bhoman Shah	Okara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir Kand (Persian: سيركند‎, also Romanized as Sīr Kand; also known as Sherkhān, Shīr Khān, and Sīr Kan) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sir Kand	Shamsabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Islander Middle School (IMS) is a public middle school located on Mercer Island, Washington, USA and is part of the Mercer Island School District.	Islander Middle School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRDN, branded as Reel Country WRDN, is an AM radio station operating in Durand, Wisconsin.	WRDN	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peary Land is not part of any municipality, but is part of the Northeast Greenland National Park.	Peary Land	Northeast Greenland National Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyoplaya Gora (Russian: Тёплая Гора́) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Gornozavodsky District of Perm Krai, Russia, located on the western slopes of the Ural Mountains, on the Koyva River, 14 kilometers (8.7 mi) from the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast.	Tyoplaya Gora	Gornozavodsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Hill Elementary School is a public elementary school located in Honolulu, Hawaii.	Red Hill Elementary School	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa Public Library (OPL) is the library system of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and is the largest bilingual library (English and French) in North America.	Ottawa Public Library	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiramin Rural District (Persian: دهستان شيرامين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shiramin Rural District	Howmeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnson Island is a bar in the Greenbrier River at its confluence with Muddy Creek in Alderson, West Virginia.	Johnson Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIYS (101.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format serving the Jonesboro, Arkansas, area.	KIYS	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotappakonda is a holy hill, situated in Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kotappakonda	Guntur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fjordgård or Fjordgard is a small fishing village in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county, Norway.	Fjordgård	Lenvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mańczyce (maɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Manze) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mańczyce	Gmina Borów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siadło Dolne (ˈɕadwɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Nieder Zahden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Siadło Dolne	Gmina Kołbaskowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Major General John A. Logan, also known as the General John A. Logan Monument and Logan Circle Monument, is an equestrian statue in Washington, D.C. that honors politician and Civil War general John A. Logan.	Major General John A. Logan	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadia is a large village and a village panchayat in Barabanki district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Gadia	Barabanki district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mound House, Nevada is a small unincorporated community in Lyon County, Nevada on U.S. Route 50 that is situated between Nevada's capital, Carson City, and Dayton, Nevada.	Mound House, Nevada	Lyon County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newberry County Airport (ICAO: KEOE, FAA LID: EOE, formerly 27J) is a county-owned public-use airport in Newberry County, South Carolina, United States.	Newberry County Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Improvement District No. 09 (Banff), or Improvement District No. 9, is an improvement district in Alberta, Canada.	Improvement District No. 9	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanscom Field (IATA: BED, ICAO: KBED, FAA LID: BED) (Laurence G. Hanscom Field) is a public use airport operated by the Massachusetts Port Authority in Bedford, in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States.	Hanscom Field	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nehbandan County or Nahbandan County (Persian: شهرستان نهبندان‎, Shahrestān-e Nahbandān) is a county in South Khorasan Province in Iran.	Nehbandan County	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ridgely was a United States Army outpost (1853--1867) near the Dakota reservation in southwestern Minnesota (located near Fairfax).	Fort Ridgely	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strathdon (/stræθˈdɒn/; Gaelic: Srath Dheathain) is an area in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Strathdon	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lokuti is a village in Saku Parish, Harju County, Estonia, located about 17 km (11 mi) south of the capital Tallinn.	Lokuti	Saku Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Hezar Buteh Hur (Persian: موتورهزاربوته حور‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Hezār Būteh Ḩūr; also known as Hezār Būtteh) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hezar Buteh Hur	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalru is a small town about 35 km from Chandigarh, the capital of both Haryana and Indian Punjab, on the Chandigarh-Ambala National Highway, NH 22.	Lalru	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkshire Athenaeum is a public library (1872) based on a previously private athenaeum, and now located at 1 Wendell Avenue, Pittsfield, Massachusetts in the Berkshires, USA.	Berkshire Athenaeum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebernburg Castle (German: Burg Ebernburg) is a castle above the town of Bad Münster am Stein-Ebernburg in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Ebernburg Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stuart Oil Shale Project is an oil shale development project in Yarwun near Gladstone, Queensland, Australia.	Stuart Oil Shale Project	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission San Xavier del Bac is a historic Spanish Catholic mission located about 10 miles (16 km) south of downtown Tucson, Arizona, on the Tohono O'odham San Xavier Indian Reservation.	Mission San Xavier del Bac	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oman Natural History Museum is a natural history museum, located at the Ministry of Heritage and Culture complex, Al Khuwair, opposite the Zawawi Mosque in Muscat, Oman.	Oman Natural History Museum	Muscat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinegorye (Russian: Синего́рье; lit. region of blue mountains) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Yagodninsky District of Magadan Oblast, Russia, located on the Kolyma River, 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) from Kolyma Hydroelectric Station.	Sinegorye	Yagodninsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamianki-Nicki (kaˈmjanki ˈnit͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kamianki-Nicki	Gmina Przesmyki
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Rosendo (Spanish pronunciation: (san roˈsendo)) is a Chilean city and commune in Bío Bío Province, Bío Bío Region.	San Rosendo	Bío Bío Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mound Road Engine was a Chrysler Corporation automobile engine factory in Detroit, Michigan.	Mound Road Engine	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yatton is a village and civil parish within the unitary authority of North Somerset, which falls within the ceremonial county of Somerset, England.	Yatton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarkowo Górne (tarˈkɔvɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Tarkowo Górne	Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Superior Place is a 502ft (153m) tall skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois.	One Superior Place	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olszowo (ɔlˈʂɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Olszowo	Gmina Urszulin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudeh (Persian: محموده‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdeh; also known as Maḩmūdābād, Moḩammadābād, and Muhammadābād) is a village in Kowleh Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mahmudeh	Kowleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerimenj (Persian: گري منج‎, also Romanized as Gerīmenj, Germānj, Girimānj, Gīrīmenj, Kerīmonj; also known as Gerīmench) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gerimenj	Nimbeluk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Awat County (Uyghur: ئاۋات ناھىيىسى‎, ULY: Awat Nahiyisi, UYY: Avat Nah̡iyisi?) is a county in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of the Aksu Prefecture.	Awat County	Aksu Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bràfim is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Camp, province of Tarragona, Catalonia, in north-eastern Spain.	Bràfim	Alt Camp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Eusebio is a titular church in Rome, devoted to Saint Eusebius of Rome, a 4th-century martyr, and built in the Esquilino rione.	Sant'Eusebio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Zin (Persian: كوه زين‎, also Romanized as Kūh Zīn; also known as Gazīn, Gozīn, Kezan, and Kizin) is a village in Sain Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kuh Zin	Sain Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village of Ohrdorf lies in the north German state of Lower Saxony in the district of Gifhorn and belongs to the borough of Wittingen.	Ohrdorf	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierciny (vjɛrˈt͡ɕinɨ) (German: Wolfsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wierciny	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chashan (Chinese: 茶山; pinyin: cháshān) is a town in the prefecture-level city of Dongguan, Guangdong Province, southern China.	Chashan	Dongguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boqeh (Persian: بقعه‎, also Romanized as Boq``eh; also known as Bogh``eh) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District, in the Central District of Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 4 families.	Boqeh	Hayat Davud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wigston Magna, or Wigston, is a town in Leicestershire, England, just south of Leicester on the A5199.	Wigston Magna	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dharakote (Odia: ଧରାକୋଟ), famous for Lord Sri Jagannath temple, is a block in Ganjam district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Dharakote	Ganjam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hebron Village Historic District encompasses the heart of the small town of Hebron, New Hampshire.	Hebron Village Historic District	Hebron, New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upton Castle is a 13th-century castle or fortified manor house with an associated chapel, located near Cosheston, Pembrokeshire in Wales.	Upton Castle	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ayyampatti (pop. 350) is a village in the Sattur Taluk of Virudhunagar district, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Ayyampatti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Loma Bridge is a bridge in Pasadena, California, which carries La Loma Road across the Arroyo Seco.	La Loma Bridge	Pasadena
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Thomas Abington House is a historic house on Center Street in Beebe, Arkansas, midway between East Mississippi Street and Birch Street.	William Thomas Abington House	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waverly Hills Sanatorium is a closed sanatorium located in southwestern Louisville/Jefferson County, Kentucky.	Waverly Hills Sanatorium	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Cross railway station is a railway station in New Cross, London, England, and is in London Travelcard Zone 2.	New Cross railway station	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBHL (103.9 FM, ``Praise FM'') is a Contemporary Christian Music radio station in Osakis, Minnesota, USA, owned by Christian Heritage Broadcasting.	KBHL	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Davol Rubber Company is an historic industrial site at Davol Square, at Point and Eddy Streets in Providence, Rhode Island.	Davol Rubber Company	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okręglik (ɔˈkrɛnɡlik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Okręglik	Gmina Brusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Behinde is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 24 km (15 mi) southeast of Gold River and 2 km (1 mi) west of Golden Hinde.	The Behinde	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frankfort Dow Memorial Field (ICAO: KFKS, FAA LID: FKS, formerly 3D4) is a public use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southeast of the central business district of Frankfort, a city in Benzie County, Michigan, United States.	Frankfort Dow Memorial Field	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saghder (Persian: سغدر‎; also known as Şaqdar and Saqder) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Saghder	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patagonia Mountains are a 15 miles (24 km) long mountain range within the Coronado National Forest, and in Santa Cruz County, Arizona.	Patagonia Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gucha District was a former district in Nyanza Province, western Kenya.	Gucha District	Nyanza Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khandapada (also spelt as Khandapara) is a town and a notified area committee in Nayagarh district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Khandapada	Nayagarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowden Lake is a 111-acre (surface area) public lake located in Montcalm County, Michigan, 2.4 miles (4 km) east of the town of Coral.	Cowden Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mszana Górna (ˈmʂana ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszana Dolna, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mszana Górna	Gmina Mszana Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ventry (Irish: Ceann Trá), an anglicization of Fionntrá, is a Gaeltacht village in County Kerry, Ireland.	Ventry	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lialeman (Persian: ليالمان‎, also Romanized as Līālemān) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lialeman	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elan Village is a small purpose-built community in Powys, Wales.	Elan Village	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Battle of Dutton's Hill Monument in Pulaski County, Kentucky, near Somerset, Kentucky, commemorates the Confederate soldiers who died at the battle of Dutton's Hill near here.	Battle of Dutton's Hill Monument	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Independence State Hospital was built in 1873 as the second asylum in the state of Iowa.	Independence State Hospital	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ossington Street forms part of the border between the boroughs City of Westminster and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, with the east side of the street belonging to Westminster and the west side to Kensington.	Ossington Street	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashbury College is an independent private school which offers a joint Ontario High School Diploma and Ashbury College Diploma, as well as the International Baccalaureate Diploma and International Baccalaureate Bilingual Diploma.	Ashbury College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lillian Sefton Dodge Estate, also known as Sefton Manor and Mill Neck Manor Lutheran School for the Deaf, is a historic estate located at Mill Neck in Nassau County, New York.	Lillian Sefton Dodge Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aycock Birthplace, also known as the Charles B. Aycock Birthplace, is a historic home in Wayne County, North Carolina, and a historic site managed by the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources' Historic Sites division.	Aycock Birthplace	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giuliano-Dalmata is one of the 35 quarters of Rome.	Giuliano-Dalmata	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opacie (ɔˈpat͡ɕe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Opacie	Gmina Jasło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyemouth (Scots: Heymooth, Scottish Gaelic: Inbhir Eighe) is a small town and civil parish in Berwickshire, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	Eyemouth	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seaman Range is a 30-mile (48 km) long mountain range in Lincoln and Nye counties, Nevada, in the western United States.	Seaman Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farkhak (Persian: فرخك‎, also Romanized as Farkhk) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Farkhak	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canton of Nidwalden (German pronunciation: (ˈnidˌvaldən)) is a canton of Switzerland.	Nidwalden	Switzerland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walnut Creek State Park is on the north shore of Lake Keystone, 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Prue in Osage County, Oklahoma.	Walnut Creek State Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafarghan (Persian: كافرغان‎, also Romanized as Kāfarghān and Kāferghān; also known as Bandar-e Kāferghān) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kafarghan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sites Homestead, also known as the Wayside Inn or the Sites Inn, is located near Seneca Rocks, West Virginia.	Sites Homestead	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vermont Secondary College is a state high school located in the eastern Melbourne suburb of Vermont, Victoria, Australia.	Vermont Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murton E. and Lillian DeGuire House is a historic house built in 1906 and located in Silverton in Marion County, Oregon.	Murton E. and Lillian DeGuire House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trabrennbahn Krieau (Krieau Race Track) is a horse racing track in Leopoldstadt district, Vienna.	Trabrennbahn Krieau	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyjaki (dɨˈjakʲi) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ulanów, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Dyjaki	Gmina Ulanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hameau de la Reine (French pronunciation: ​(amo də la ʁɛn), The Queen's Hamlet) is a rustic retreat in the park of the Château de Versailles built for Marie Antoinette in 1783 near the Petit Trianon in the Yvelines, France.	Hameau de la Reine	Versailles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knox Hill is a small neighborhood in Southeast Washington, D.C. It is almost entirely occupied by a public housing complex of the same name.	Knox Hill	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazak (Persian: نازك‎, also Romanized as Nāzak) is a village in Armand Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Nazak	Armand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarauacá is a municipality located in the northwest of the Brazilian state of Acre.	Tarauacá	Acre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dushmian (Persian: دوشميان‎, also Romanized as Dūshmīān and Dūsh-e Mīān) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dushmian	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ussaramanna, Ùssara Manna in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Sanluri.	Ussaramanna	Province of Medio Campidano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asturias (English /ɑːˈstʊəriəsˌ ə-/; Spanish: (asˈtuɾjas); Asturian: Asturies (asˈtuɾjes)), officially the Principality of Asturias (Spanish: Principado de Asturias; Asturian: Principáu d'Asturies), is an autonomous community in north-west Spain.	Asturias	Spain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bergenline Avenue is a major commercial district in the North Hudson section of Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	Bergenline Avenue	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geneva Country Day School, also known as the Geneva Memorial Community Center, is an historic building in Geneva, Illinois.	Geneva Country Day School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Hall Office, a part of Sunshine School, is located in Lincoln Park in the city of Albany, New York, United States.	James Hall Office	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert Fulton Birthplace is a stone house in Pennsylvania where the inventor Robert Fulton was born in 1765.	Robert Fulton Birthplace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apagy is a village in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Apagy	Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porady Górne (pɔˈradɨ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Porady Górne	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pebblebrook High School is a high school in the Cobb County School District in Mableton, Georgia.	Pebblebrook High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dakota Territory Air Museum is an aerospace museum on North Hill in Minot, North Dakota near Minot International Airport.	Dakota Territory Air Museum	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maryknoll Fathers' School is a government-funded school with both primary school and secondary school sections, located in Tai Hang Tung District in New Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Maryknoll Fathers' School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Långe Erik (``Tall Erik''), official name Ölands norra udde, is a Swedish lighthouse built in 1845 and located on a little island, Stora Grundet (in Böda socken, Borgholm Municipality), in Grankullaviken bay at the north point of Öland, the second largest island in Sweden.	Långe Erik	Borgholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Dale is a mountain in Western Australia about 25 km east of Armadale in the Shire of Beverley.	Mount Dale	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Tahmasbqoli (Persian: تازه آباد طهماسبقلي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Ţahmāsbqolī; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Tahmasbqoli	Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pyrmont Bridge, a swing bridge across Cockle Bay, is located in Darling Harbour, part of Port Jackson, west of the central business district in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Pyrmont Bridge	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lai-ye Pasand (Persian: لايي پاسند‎, also Romanized as Lā’ī-ye Pāsand; also known as Pāsand) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lai-ye Pasand	Zarem Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The UNT Coliseum is a 10,500-seat multi-purpose arena located in Denton, Texas, United States built in 1973.	UNT Coliseum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bank of Chester County (also known as the National Bank of Chester County, National Bank of Chester County and Trust Company, and Fidelity Bank) is a historic two-story bank building located in West Chester, Chester County, Pennsylvania, the first bank to be chartered in the county.	Bank of Chester County	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joubert's Pass, is a mountain pass in the Senqu Local Municipality area in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Joubert's Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sportpark Maarschalkerweerd is a cricket ground in Utrecht, the Netherlands.	Sportpark Maarschalkerweerd	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenrigg is a small village that lies in the west of West Lothian, Scotland.	Greenrigg	West Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knollwood Club is an Adirondack Great Camp on Shingle Bay, Lower Saranac Lake, near the village of Saranac Lake, New York, USA.	Knollwood Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edlesborough Northall and Dagnall is a civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire.	Edlesborough Northall and Dagnall	Aylesbury Vale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cortez Gold Mine is a large gold mining and processing facility in Lander and Eureka County, Nevada, United States, located approximately 75 miles (120 km) southwest of Elko.	Cortez Gold Mine	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konec (pronounced (ˈkɔːnəts)) is a settlement at the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Konec	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trident Technical College (TTC) is a two-year college based in the City of North Charleston, Charleston and Dorchester counties in South Carolina.	Trident Technical College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurid-e Sar Bisheh (Persian: گوريدسربيشه‎, also Romanized as Gūrīd-e Sar Bīsheh and Gurīd-i-Sarbīsheh; also known as Goorid, Gūrīd, and Gūrīd Pā’īn) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gurid-e Sar Bisheh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houston House Apartments is a 31-story apartment complex in the Skyline District of Downtown Houston, Texas, United States.	Houston House Apartments	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Christina Nelson Three-Decker is a historic triple decker residence at 45 Butler Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Christina Nelson Three-Decker	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karayazı (Kurdish: Qereyazî) is a town and district of Erzurum Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Karayazı	Erzurum Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandalay Bay Events Center is a 12,000-seat indoor arena at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, on the Las Vegas Strip, in Paradise, Nevada.	Mandalay Bay Events Center	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samanjerd (Persian: سامانجرد‎, also Romanized as Sāmānjerd and Sāmān-e Jerd) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Samanjerd	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Youghal (/ˈjɔːl/ YAWL; Irish: Eochaill, meaning ``yew wood'') is a seaside resort town in County Cork, Ireland.	Youghal	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Man Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States, located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest.	Lost Man Lake	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buyduz (Persian: بويدوز‎, also Romanized as Būydūz and Bū’īdūz; also known as Bū’īndūz) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Buyduz	Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portuairk (Scottish Gaelic: Port Uairce) is a crofting township, at the western end of the Ardnamurchan peninsula, Lochaber, in the Highland council area of Scotland, and claims the honour of being the most westerly settlement on the British mainland, although nearby Kilchoan is the most westerly village.	Portuairk	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Frances Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CJM8) is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northeast of Fort Frances, Ontario, Canada.	Fort Frances Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnownadeh (Persian: دهنونده‎) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dehnownadeh	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlanta Constitution Building, also known as the Georgia Power Atlanta Division Building, is located at the northwest corner of Alabama and Forsyth Streets in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, at 143 Alabama Street, SW.	Atlanta Constitution Building	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilnockie Tower is a 16th-century tower house, located at the hamlet of Hollows, 2.3 km north of Canonbie, in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.	Gilnockie Tower	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arkoi (Greek: Αρκοί) is a small Greek island which is part of the Dodecanese archipelago.	Arkoi	Dodecanese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narty-Piaski (ˈnartɨ ˈpjaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Narty-Piaski	Gmina Lubień Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muzaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان موزاران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Muzaran Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leeds County is a historic county in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Leeds County	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mur Guran (Persian: مورگوران‎, also Romanized as Mūr Gūrān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mur Guran	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldsassen is a town in the district of Tirschenreuth in the Upper Palatinate region of Bavaria.	Waldsassen	Tirschenreuth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concord Speedway is a motorsports facility located in the town of Midland, North Carolina, southeast of Concord, North Carolina.	Concord Speedway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharji Kola (Persian: خرجي كلا‎, also Romanized as Kharjī Kolā; also known as Āgtījkolā and Khajī Kolā) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kharji Kola	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Early Trades and Crafts is a non-profit educational institution in Madison, Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Museum of Early Trades and Crafts	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hohenlohe-Langenburg was a German county of northeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, located around Langenburg.	Hohenlohe-Langenburg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bally's Atlantic City is a hotel and casino on the Boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey that opened in 1979.	Bally's Atlantic City	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Cove Road is a major north--south thoroughfare through north-central Nassau County on Long Island, New York, in the United States.	Glen Cove Road	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chicago Inter Ocean, also known as the Chicago Inter-Ocean, is the name used for most of its history for a newspaper published in Chicago, Illinois, from 1865 until 1914.	Chicago Inter Ocean	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oliver White Tavern is a historic former tavern at 2 Brandy Street in Bolton, Connecticut, built approximately 1750.	Oliver White Tavern	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	George W. Dunne Golf Course and Driving Range is located in Bremen Township, Cook County, just outside Oak Forest, Illinois, a south suburb of Chicago.	George W. Dunne Golf Course and Driving Range	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verdi Square is a small triangle of land enclosed by a railing, located on Manhattan's Upper West Side, between 72nd Street and 73rd Street on the south and north, and Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue on the west and east.	Verdi Square	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baillival Castle (Surpierre) is a bailiff's castle in the municipality of Surpierre of the Canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Baillival Castle (Surpierre)	Canton of Fribourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zendek (ˈzɛndɛk) (German Schendek) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarowice, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zendek	Gmina Ożarowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongjum (West Frisian: Doanjum) is a small village in Franekeradeel in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around the 300 citizens (2004).	Dongjum	Franekeradeel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahneh (Persian: لهنه‎) is a village in Gilvan Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Lahneh	Gilvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Confederate Memorial in Nicholasville is an historic statue located on the Jessamine County courthouse lawn in Nicholasville, Kentucky, ten miles south of Lexington, Kentucky.	Confederate Memorial in Nicholasville	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Çengelhan Rahmi M. Koç Museum (Turkish: Çengelhan Rahmi M. Koç Müzesi) is a technology museum in Ankara, Turkey.	Çengelhan Rahmi M. Koç Museum	Ankara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Constance is a peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington and the third highest in the range.	Mount Constance	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Throwleigh is a village and civil parish located near the town of Okehampton and the A38 road, in the West Devon district, in the county of Devon, England.	Throwleigh	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gunung Mulu National Park is a national park in Miri Division, Sarawak, Malaysia, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site that encompasses caves and karst formations in a mountainous equatorial rainforest setting.	Gunung Mulu National Park	Sarawak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miętkie-Kolonia (ˈmjɛntkʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Miętkie-Kolonia	Gmina Mircze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płonowo (pwɔˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańsk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Płonowo	Gmina Brańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pietrzykówko (pjɛtʂɨˈkufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pietrzykówko	Gmina Koczała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley West Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in West Des Moines, Iowa.	Valley West Mall	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangsibji Gewog (Dzongkha: སྟང་སི་སྦྱིས་) is a gewog (village block) of Trongsa District, Bhutan.	Tangsibji Gewog	Trongsa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuruiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: شوروييه عليا‎, also Romanized as Shūrū’īyeh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Shuru and Shūrū’īyeh) is a village in Pariz Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 7 families.	Shuruiyeh-ye Olya	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumarz-e Sofla (Persian: رومرزسفلي‎, also Romanized as Rūmarz-e Soflá; also known as Rūmaz-e Soflá and Rūmorz-e Pā’īn) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rumarz-e Sofla	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montebello Park is a public park in downtown St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada, designed by Frederick Law Olmsted.	Montebello Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Century House is an office building with an attached conference hall, in the NOMA district of Manchester, England.	New Century House	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Tire Motorsport Park (formerly Mosport Park and Mosport International Raceway) is a multi-track motorsport venue located north of Bowmanville, Ontario, Canada.	Canadian Tire Motorsport Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pennichuck Brook is one of the tributaries of the Merrimack River in New Hampshire in the United States.	Pennichuck Brook	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Francis de Sales, Hampton Hill and Upper Teddington is a Roman Catholic church in Hampton Hill, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St Francis de Sales, Hampton Hill and Upper Teddington	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith Sound is an uninhabited Arctic sea passage between Greenland and Canada's northernmost island, Ellesmere Island.	Smith Sound	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo de Vida Silvestre (in English, the Wildlife Museum) is a Museum located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Museo de Vida Silvestre	San Juan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szkoci Dół (ˈʂkɔt͡ɕi ˈduu̯) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szkoci Dół	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Sopurghan (Persian: حصارسپورغان‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Sopūrghān; also known as Ḩeşār-e Soporghān) is a village in Tala Tappeh Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Sopurghan	Tala Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bockleton is a village and a constituent part of the civil parish of Stoke Bliss in the Malvern Hills of Worcestershire, England, five miles south of Tenbury Wells.	Bockleton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varkaneh (Persian: وركانه‎, also Romanized as Varkāneh) is a village in Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Varkaneh	Alvandkuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarzyce (saˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sarzyce	Gmina Międzychód
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pennsylvania Hotel, now known as Chestnut Hall, was designed by Clarence E. Wunder, and built in 1922.	Chestnut Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Himmatpura, formerly known as Jusampura, is a village in the Moga District of Punjab, India.	Himmatpura	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oakleigh Recreation Centre is an aquatic and leisure facility in Oakleigh, Victoria.	Oakleigh Recreation Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cabinet Mountains Wilderness, created by an act of Congress in 1964, is located in the U.S. state of Montana.	Cabinet Mountains Wilderness	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marzęcino (maʐɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German Jungfer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marzęcino	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Ali Khan (Persian: شيخ علي خان‎, also Romanized as Sheykh ``Alī Khān) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 49 families.	Sheykh Ali Khan	Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosochata (rɔsɔˈxata) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rosochata	Gmina Kunice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The International Hygiene Exhibition was a world's fair focusing on medicine and public health, held in Dresden, Germany, in 1911.	International Hygiene Exhibition	Dresden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urniszewo (urniˈʂɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Urniszewo	Gmina Środa Wielkopolska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nerwiki (nɛrˈviki) (German: Nerfken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Nerwiki	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alex G. Spanos Center is a 6,150-seat, indoor multi-purpose stadium on the campus of the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California.	Alex G. Spanos Center	Stockton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plaza of Nations was an entertainment complex located on the northeast shore of False Creek in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Plaza of Nations	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Currant Mountain is the highest mountain in the White Pine Range in White Pine County, Nevada, United States.	Currant Mountain	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samuel Shrewsbury Sr. House, also known as the Old Stone House, is a historic home located at Belle, Kanawha County, West Virginia.	Samuel Shrewsbury Sr. House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalat-e Mahmak (Persian: كلات محمك‎, also Romanized as Kalāt-e Maḩmak) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kalat-e Mahmak	Bondar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanong Gewog (Dzongkha: ན་ནོང་) is a gewog (village block) of Pemagatshel District, Bhutan.	Nanong Gewog	Pemagatshel District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhydymwyn (the name in Welsh means 'Ford of the Ore' and takes its placename from the ford across the River Alyn now replaced by a small iron bridge) is a village in Flintshire, Wales, located in the upper Alyn valley.	Rhydymwyn	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Holland (Dutch: Zuid-Holland (ˈzœy̆t ˈɦɔlɑnt)) is a province in the midwestern Netherlands.	South Holland	Netherlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Murdkal (Persian: سرموردكل‎, also Romanized as Sar Mūrdkal) is a village in Margha Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Murdkal	Margha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kallio Church (Finnish: Kallion kirkko, Swedish: Berghälls kyrka) is a Lutheran church in the Kallio district of Helsinki, Finland.	Kallio Church	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayor Buratovich is a town in the southwest corner Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, in the partido of Villarino Partido.	Mayor Buratovich	Villarino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izdby (ˈizdbɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Izdby	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Ashayiri Mohammad Safi Nataj (Persian: موتورعشايرئ محمدصفي نتاج‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAshāyīrī Moḩammad Şafī Natāj) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District or Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ashayiri Mohammad Safi Nataj	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haltoun House, or Hatton House, was a Scottish baronial mansion set in a park, with extensive estates in the vicinity of Ratho, in the west of Edinburgh City Council area, Scotland.	Haltoun House	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Payaneh-ye Bar Yazd (Persian: پايانه باريزد‎, also Romanized as Pāyāneh-ye Bār Yazd) is a village in Fajr Rural District, in the Central District of Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Payaneh-ye Bar Yazd	Fajr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackwater Creek Preserve is a 1,993-acre (807 ha) conservation area in Hillsborough County, Florida.	Blackwater Creek Preserve	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	IBM Rochester is the facility of IBM in Rochester, Minnesota, not to be confused with the IBM Global Services facility in Rochester, New York.	IBM Rochester	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Beth Emeth (House of Truth) is a synagogue in Albany, New York.	Congregation Beth Emeth	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giltspur Street is a street in Smithfield in the City of London, running north-south from the junction of Newgate Street, Holborn Viaduct and Old Bailey, up to West Smithfield, and it is bounded to the east by St Bartholomew's Hospital.	Giltspur Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gościencin (ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gościencin	Gmina Włoszczowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacino di Val Malvaglia (or Lago di Malvaglia) is a lake above Malvaglia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Bacino di Val Malvaglia	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huni Sefid (Persian: هوني سفيد‎, also Romanized as Hūnī Sefīd) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Huni Sefid	Shahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Sadar (Persian: تازه ابادصدر‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Şadar; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Chapar Khaneh Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Sadar	Chapar Khaneh Rural District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shafer's Mill is a house near Middletown, Maryland, built in the early 19th century.	Shafer's Mill	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bluestone Wildlife Management Area (also known as Bluestone Lake Wildlife Management Area) is located in southern West Virginia surrounding Bluestone Lake and the New River.	Bluestone Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	A common misconception is to call the school the National Polytechnic School of Algiers while its official name is the National Polytechnic School abbreviated in French as ENP.	National Polytechnic School	Algiers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qumenjan (Persian: قومنجان‎, also Romanized as Qūmenjān; also known as Qomenjān, Qomīnjān, and Kūminju) is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qumenjan	Paskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valdivian Coastal Reserve is a natural reserve located in the Cordillera Pelada, in Los Ríos Region of Chile, near Corral.	Valdivian Coastal Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shul-e Sarui (Persian: شول سارويي‎, also Romanized as Shūl-e Sārū’ī; also known as Shūl) is a village in Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shul-e Sarui	Naqsh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kones-e Marz (Persian: كنس مرز‎) is a village in Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District, Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kones-e Marz	Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hacettepe University is a major state university in Ankara, Turkey.	Hacettepe University	Ankara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieleśnica (t͡ɕɛlɛɕˈɲit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Cieleśnica	Gmina Rokitno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gyesan Station is a subway station on Line 1 of the Incheon Subway located at Gyesan 1,2 dong, Gyeyang-gu, Incheon.	Gyesan Station	Incheon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenwood County Airport (IATA: GRD, ICAO: KGRD, FAA LID: GRD) is a county owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Greenwood, a city in Greenwood County, South Carolina, United States.	Greenwood County Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spiro Sports Center is a 2,100-seat multi-purpose arena located on the campus of Wagner College in Staten Island, New York.	Spiro Sports Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huixian (simplified Chinese: 辉县; traditional Chinese: 輝縣; pinyin: Huīxiàn) is a city in Xinxiang, Henan, China.	Huixian	Xinxiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Marais Trail is the name of a small bicycle trail that follows Turkey Creek (also known as the Grand Marais Drain) in the middle of Windsor, Ontario.	Grand Marais Trail	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles A. Gaetano Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located on the Utica College campus in Utica, New York.	Charles A. Gaetano Stadium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGMD is a radio station licensed to serve Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, Sussex County and the five other counties known as Delmarva.	WGMD	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grapice (ɡraˈpit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grapice	Gmina Potęgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Shakhi (Persian: گاوشاخي‎, also Romanized as Gāv Shākhī; also known as Gāv Shāhī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gav Shakhi	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górki-Izabelin (ˈɡurki izaˈbɛlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Górki-Izabelin	Gmina Mogielnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Punta de los Reyes Sobrante was a 48,189-acre (195.01 km2) Mexican land grant in present day West Marin County, California given by Governor Manuel Micheltorena in 1843 to Antonio Maria Osio.	Rancho Punta de los Reyes Sobrante	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lord Shaughnessy High School (named for Thomas Shaughnessy, 1st Baron Shaughnessy) is a high school located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Lord Shaughnessy High School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Beginnings High School is a secondary school located in Indianapolis, Indiana which educates students in grades 9--12.	New Beginnings High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Stambaugh was a U.S. army outpost in the Wyoming Territory located in the mining district near South Pass City and Atlantic City in the Wind River Mountains.	Camp Stambaugh	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ekalulia Formation is a Neoproterozoic geologic formation found in Nunavut, Canada.	Ekalulia Formation	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Wemyss ( listen ) is a village lying on the north shore of the Firth of Forth, in Fife, Scotland.	West Wemyss	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belton-Honea Path High School (or BHP), is a comprehensive, co-educational, public secondary school located in Honea Path, South Carolina, United States.	Belton-Honea Path High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gottigere is in Bangalore district, along Bannerghatta Road in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Gottigere	Bangalore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Mountain Wind Farm is a 278.2 megawatt (MW) wind farm in Upton County, Texas, United States.	King Mountain Wind Farm	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akapol (Persian: اكاپل‎, also Romanized as Ākāpol) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Akapol	Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Walker Lookout is a 100-foot observation tower located in the Blue Ridge Highlands Region at the top of Big Walker Mountain in Wythe County, Virginia on US Route 52 about 12 miles from Wytheville.	Big Walker Lookout	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorton is an area of the city of Manchester in North West England, southeast of the city centre.	Gorton	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slåtten (sometimes Slotten; Northern Sami: Muotki) is a village in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Slåtten	Måsøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maysa Arena is a multi-purpose venue located on South Hill in Minot, North Dakota.	Maysa Arena	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geumjeong District is a district in north central Busan, South Korea.	Geumjeong District	Busan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aguçadoura is a Portuguese parish and former civil parish located in Póvoa de Varzim.	Aguçadoura	Póvoa de Varzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Dar-e Olya (Persian: سياهدرعليا‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Dar-e ``Olyā) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 348, in 68 families.	Siah Dar-e Olya	Mir Deh Rural District	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tūpai, also called Motu Iti, is a low-lying atoll in Society Islands, French Polynesia.	Tūpai	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowayton is an affluent coastal village within Norwalk, Connecticut, roughly 40 miles from New York City.	Rowayton	Norwalk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wagga Wagga Rural Referral Hospital, formerly known as Wagga Wagga Base Hospital, is located in the City of Wagga Wagga, the largest inland city of New South Wales, Australia.	Wagga Wagga Rural Referral Hospital	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Lulworth is a village and civil parish in the Purbeck district of Dorset, England, situated on the English Channel beside Lulworth Cove.	West Lulworth	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyhaq Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيهق‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Beyhaq Rural District	Sheshtomad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koyilandy (or Quilandy/Quilandi) is a taluk and a Municipality town in the Kozhikode district in the North Malabar region, state of Kerala.	Koyilandy	Kozhikode district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nierośno (ɲeˈrɔɕnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nierośno	Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fifth Third Arena is a 13,176-seat multipurpose arena in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Fifth Third Arena	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. John's-In-The-Prairie, now known as St. John's Episcopal Church, is a historic Episcopal church in Forkland, Alabama.	St. John's-In-The-Prairie	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conspiracy Island is a privately owned tidal island situated in the Assonet River off Berkley, Massachusetts.	Conspiracy Island	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Mundaring is a local government area in eastern metropolitan Perth, the capital of Western Australia.	Shire of Mundaring	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region (Spanish: Región Autónoma de la Costa Caribe Sur), sometimes shortened to RACCS, is one of two autonomous regions in Nicaragua.	South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region	Nicaragua
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacific Southwest Railway Museum is a railroad museum in California controlled by the Pacific Southwest Railway Museum Association located in Campo, on the San Diego & Arizona Eastern Railway line.	Pacific Southwest Railway Museum Association	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbasy Duże (arˈbasɨ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Arbasy Duże	Gmina Drohiczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberchirder (Gaelic: Obar Chiardair), known locally as Foggieloan or Foggie, is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, situated on the A97 road six miles west of Turriff.	Aberchirder	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarivaran (Persian: زريوران‎, also Romanized as Zarīvarān; also known as Zarī Barān) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zarivaran	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendurru is a village in Bantumilli mandal, located in Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Pendurru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Nazimabad Town (Urdu: شمالی ناظم آباد ٹاؤن‎) is a town in the northern part of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	North Nazimabad Town	Karachi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naraq (Persian: نراق‎, also Romanized as Narāq; also known as Nareh Ţavīl and Narāk) is a city in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Naraq	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkandabad (Persian: پركنداباد‎, also Romanized as Parkandābād; also known as Parkandehābād and Perkanābād) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Parkandabad	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yaak River (spelled Yahk River in Canada) is a tributary of the Kootenay River (spelled Kootenai in the United States) in the U.S. state of Montana and the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Yaak River	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethlehem Armory also known as Floyd Simons Armory, is a historic National Guard armory located at Bethlehem, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.	Bethlehem Armory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnet Woods, owned and operated by the Cincinnati Park Board, is an 89.3-acre (361,000 m2) city park in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Burnet Woods	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buckhorn Draw Pictograph Panel is an example of rock art, located in Buckhorn Draw in the San Rafael Swell in central Utah, approximately four miles north of the San Rafael campground and bridge.	Buckhorn Draw Pictograph Panel	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Sheering is a village in Essex, located on the outskirts of Harlow.	Lower Sheering	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apostle Islands National Lakeshore is a U.S. national lakeshore consisting of 21 islands (Apostle Islands) and shoreline encompassing 69,372 acres (28,074 ha) on the northern tip of Wisconsin on the shore of Lake Superior.	Apostle Islands National Lakeshore	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacksonville Developmental Center was an institution for developmentally challenged clients, located in Jacksonville, Illinois.	Jacksonville Developmental Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canarsie High School is a defunct public high school in the Brooklyn neighborhood of Canarsie in New York City.	Canarsie High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wortwell is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk and adjoining the county of Suffolk.	Wortwell	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Městský fotbalový stadion Miroslava Valenty is a multi-use stadium in Uherské Hradiště, Czech Republic.	Městský fotbalový stadion Miroslava Valenty	Uherské Hradiště
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morris Museum of Art in Augusta, Georgia was established in 1985 as a non-profit foundation by William S. Morris III, in memory of his parents, as the first museum dedicated to the collection and exhibition of art and artists of the American South.	Morris Museum of Art	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caiuctucuc was a large village of on the western side of what is now Cumberland, Maryland, found between 1720 and 1730 by early European explorers.	Caiuctucuc	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunter School is a historic school building in Tabor, Iowa, United States.	Hunter School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hyatt Regency Houston is a 30-story high-rise hotel located in downtown Houston, Texas, United States.	Hyatt Regency Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rehoboth Christian College, formerly Rehoboth Christian School and for many years using separate designations as Rehoboth Christian Primary School and Rehoboth Christian High School, is an independent protestant Christian day school located in the south-eastern corridor of Perth, Western Australia.	Rehoboth Christian College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake of Egypt is a reservoir in the Little Egypt region of the U.S. state of Illinois.	Lake of Egypt	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peter Wanner Mansion, also known as ``Mount Penn Home'' is a historic mansion located at Reading, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Peter Wanner Mansion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quecreek Mine rescue took place in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, when nine miners were trapped underground for over 77 hours, from July 24 to 28, 2002.	Quecreek Mine rescue	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sicinek (ɕiˈt͡ɕinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno, within Wąbrzeźno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sicinek	Gmina Wąbrzeźno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaquyaf (Persian: شقويف‎, also Romanized as Shaqūyaf) is a village in Torjan Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shaquyaf	Torjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabbahi (Persian: صباحي‎, also Romanized as Şabbāḩī; also known as Sabbāhīyeh) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sabbahi	Soltanabad Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvaschein (Romansh: Alvaschagn) is a former municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Alvaschein	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIIX-FM, also known as ``Kix 96.1'' is a country music radio station serving the Spokane area of Washington, USA.	KIIX-FM	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Qader (Persian: ده قادر‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Qāder) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Qader	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watson Glacier is in Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington, on the north slope of Mount Watson.	Watson Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skyharbor Airport (FAA LID: S63) is a privately owned, public-use airport in Dallas County, Alabama, United States.	Skyharbor Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Sorkh (Persian: تنگسرخ‎) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Sorkh	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartel Wielki (ˈbartɛl ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bartel Wielki	Gmina Kaliska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glyncorrwg is also the name of an electoral ward and a community covering the village and surrounding countryside, in Neath Port Talbot county borough.	Glyncorrwg	Neath Port Talbot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collairnie Castle is an L-plan castle in Dunbog, Fife, Scotland.	Collairnie Castle	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kristianopel is a village (pop. 81) in Karlskrona Municipality in the southeastern Swedish province of Blekinge.	Kristianopel	Karlskrona Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	D.W. Field Park is a municipal park managed by the parks department of the city of Brockton, Massachusetts.	D.W. Field Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poznachowice Górne (pɔznaxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciechowice, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Poznachowice Górne	Gmina Raciechowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajdam (Persian: بجدم‎; also known as Bozdam) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bajdam	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kham Kar (Persian: خمكار‎, also Romanized as Kham Kār) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kham Kar	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cheyenne Botanic Gardens (9 acres, 3.6 ha) are located in Lions Park in Cheyenne, Wyoming, with an associated High Plains Arboretum located five miles (8 km) northwest of Cheyenne at an elevation of 6,200 feet (1,900 m).	Cheyenne Botanic Gardens	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potosí Department is a department in southwestern Bolivia.	Potosí Department	Bolivia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckland Ripers is a hamlet in Dorset, England, situated two miles north west of Weymouth.	Buckland Ripers	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Embo (Scottish Gaelic: Earabol) is a village in the Highland Council Area in Scotland and the former/postal county of Sutherland, about 2 miles NNE of Dornoch.	Embo	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Circle is a traffic circle in Northwest Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Thomas Circle	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Peter's Church, Chapel and Cemetery Complex is a historic Episcopal Gothic Revival church at 2500 Westchester Avenue and Saint Peters Avenue in the Bronx, New York City.	St. Peter's Church, Chapel and Cemetery Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alpha Hydraulic Diggings are located one mile north of what was the town of Alpha during the California Gold Rush in 1850, but the site is now near the unincorporated town of Washington, California.	Alpha Hydraulic Diggings	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Invermoriston (Inbhir Mhoireastain in Gaelic) (grid reference NH420167) is a small village 7 miles north of Fort Augustus, Highland, Scotland.	Invermoriston	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neryngowo (nɛrɨnˈɡɔvɔ) (German: Nehringswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Neryngowo	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	Livingstone Adventist Academy is a Seventh-day Adventist school in Salem, Oregon, United States.	Livingstone Adventist Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paderewek (padɛˈrɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Paderewek	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thunder Butte (Lakota: Wakíŋyaŋ Pahá) is a prominent butte landmark located in the northwest corner of Ziebach County, South Dakota, in the United States.	Thunder Butte	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kal Quchal (Persian: كلقوچال‎, also Romanized as Kal Qūchāl) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kal Quchal	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagaström is a part (pop. approx 2,000) of the city of Gävle, situated 5 km west of its centre, Gävle Municipality in east central Sweden.	Hagaström	Gävle Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Västra Hoby Church is a church in Torn Parish, Lund Municipality, situated to the north of Lund in Sweden.	Västra Hoby Church	Lund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kankhal is a small colony in Haridwar in the Haridwar district of Uttarakhand state in India.	Kankhal	Haridwar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Chavar (Persian: پس چور‎) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pas Chavar	Reza Mahalleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glais is a small semi-rural village of less than 1,000 people located in Swansea, Wales.	Glais	Swansea
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theater auf der Wieden, also called the Freihaus-Theater auf der Wieden or the Wiednertheater, was a theater located in the then-suburban Wieden district of Vienna in the late 18th century.	Theater auf der Wieden	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedale is a market town and civil parish in the district of Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England.	Bedale	North Yorkshire	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosauseen are three lakes in the south-western part of Upper Austria.	Gosauseen	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panaimarathupatti (also known as Panamarathupatty) is a panchayat town in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Panaimarathupatti	Salem district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xishuipo (Chinese: 西水坡; Pinyin: Xīshuǐpō) is a Neolithic site in Puyang, Henan, China, associated with the Yangshao culture.	Xishuipo	Puyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collingtree is a village within the Borough of Northampton and a civil parish in Northamptonshire, England.	Collingtree	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bute House Preparatory School for Girls is an independent day school for girls aged 4 to 11 at Brook Green in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.	Bute House Preparatory School for Girls	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ormside is a civil parish in the Eden District of Cumbria, England, which includes the village of Great Ormside and the hamlet of Little Ormside.	Ormside	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craigievar Estate is a modern housing estate situated in the suburb of East Craigs to the west of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Craigievar Estate	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Seyyed Ahmad (Persian: ده سيداحمد‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Seyyed Aḩmad; also known as Deh-e Seyyed) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Seyyed Ahmad	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Chown is Alberta's 36th highest peak.	Mount Chown	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczawin Borowy-Kolonia (ˈʂt͡ʂavin bɔˈrɔvɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szczawin Borowy-Kolonia	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crap Grisch (also known as Planggenhorn) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated between Vals and Safien in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Crap Grisch	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glynfach (Welsh for 'small valley') is a district of the community and electoral ward of Cymmer, within the town of Porth, Rhondda Cynon Taf.	Glynfach	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caemorgan is a road (Heol) in Ceredigion, Wales.	Caemorgan	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zang Molk (Persian: زنگ ملك‎; also known as Zangamurt, Zang Murt, and Zank Molk) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zang Molk	Azghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Averhoff Reservoir is a reservoir on the Nueces River 10 miles (16 kilometers) north of the town of Crystal City in Zavala County, Texas, USA.	Averhoff Reservoir	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarmani (Persian: ترمني‎, also Romanized as Tarmanī) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tarmani	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basinan (Persian: بسي نان‎, also Romanized as Basīnān; also known as Sī Nān) is a village in Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Basinan	Karchambu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duża Klonia (ˈduʐa ˈklɔɲa) (German: Ahornfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Duża Klonia	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barnett Bobb House, also known as the Old Log House, is a historic building in downtown York, Pennsylvania, York County, Pennsylvania.	Barnett Bobb House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located on the south bank of the Missouri River, in present-day Missouri, Fort Bellefontaine was first a Spanish military post.	Fort Bellefontaine	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runi (Persian: روني‎, also Romanized as Rūnī) is a village in Dehrud Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Runi	Dehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Passage Pommeraye is a small shopping mall in central Nantes, France, named after its property developer, Louis Pommeraye.	Passage Pommeraye	Nantes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tepakán Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``place where pakán fruit (similar to tuna) is found'' is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (134.13 km2) of land and located roughly 70 km east of the city of Mérida.	Tepakán Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajeetpura is a town in the Hanumangarh district, Rajasthan state in India.	Ajeetpura	Hanumangarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shockoe Hill is one of several hills on which much of the oldest portion of the City of Richmond, Virginia, U.S., was built.	Shockoe Hill	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Nicolau Alayon, also known as Estádio Comendador Sousa, is a football (soccer) stadium located in the Brazilian city of São Paulo, São Paulo state.	Estádio Nicolau Alayon	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chivasso (pronounced (kiˈvasso)) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Turin.	Chivasso	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middenbury House is an 1866 heritage-listed house in Toowong, Queensland, Australia.	Middenbury House	Toowong, Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Settignano is a picturesque frazione ranged on a hillside northeast of Florence, Italy, with spectacular views that have attracted American expatriates for generations.	Settignano	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa María Magdalena de Pazzis Cemetery is a colonial-era cemetery located in Old San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Santa María Magdalena de Pazzis Cemetery	Old San Juan, Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anchiano is a village (frazione) in the comune of Vinci, Tuscany, central Italy.	Anchiano	Vinci, Tuscany
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHYR-LP (96.9 FM) (sometimes pronounced ``wire'') is a radio station licensed to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA.	WHYR-LP	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baiturrahman Grand Mosque is a Mosque located in the center of Banda Aceh city, Aceh Province, Indonesia.	Baiturrahman Grand Mosque	Banda Aceh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhyl (/rɪl/; Welsh: Y Rhyl, pronounced (ə ˈr̥ɨl)) is a seaside resort town and community in Denbighshire, situated on the north east coast of Wales, at the mouth of the River Clwyd (Welsh: Afon Clwyd).	Rhyl	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liesen is a village and a civil parish (Ortsteil) of the German town of Hallenberg, the southernmost town of the Hochsauerland region in expiring massif of Rothaar at the border to Hessen, just about 15 km from Winterberg.in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Liesen	Hallenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzyczyna (ʐɨˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rzyczyna	Gmina Kłoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Munterconnaught (Irish: Muintir Connacht) is a civil and ecclesiastical parish of County Cavan in the Republic of Ireland.	Munterconnaught	County Cavan
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Centenario is a small seaside town located in La Paz Municipality, Baja California Sur, Mexico, approximately 15 km west of La Paz, the capital city.	El Centenario	La Paz Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilyi Kamin (Ukrainian: Білий Камінь, Polish: Biały Kamień, Hebrew: ביאלי קמיין‎, Russian: Belyy Kamen) is a village in the Zolochiv Raion in Lviv Oblast, located in western Ukraine.	Bilyi Kamin	Zolochiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckhorn Weston is a village and civil parish in the English county of Dorset, situated in the Blackmore Vale in the North Dorset administrative district, about 3 miles (4.8 km) west of the town of Gillingham.	Buckhorn Weston	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brukowo (bruˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brukowo	Gmina Suchowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloedel Floral Conservatory in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, is a conservatory and aviary located at the top of Queen Elizabeth Park.	Bloedel Floral Conservatory	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umpqua Community College (UCC) is a community college located approximately six miles (9.7 km) north of Roseburg, Oregon, United States.	Umpqua Community College	Roseburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotchkiss School is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational, college preparatory boarding school in Lakeville, Connecticut of the New York metropolitan area, founded in 1891.	Hotchkiss School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadamattam is a small agriculture based village on the 'Keerthiman River'' in the Vayalur panjayath (administrative), Kudavasal taluk of Tiruvarur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Vadamattam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulaney Valley Memorial Gardens and Mausoleum is a cemetery and mausoleum in Timonium, Maryland, a fashionable Baltimore County suburban community.	Dulaney Valley Memorial Gardens	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoveyneh (Persian: زوينه‎, also Romanized as Zoveynah; also known as Zoveneh and Zūyneh) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zoveyneh	Chah Salem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Martin, Ludgate, is an Anglican church on Ludgate Hill in the ward of Farringdon, in the City of London.	St Martin, Ludgate	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mosty Małe (ˈmɔstɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Mosty Małe	Gmina Lubycza Królewska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gassy (ˈɡassɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gassy	Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talkheh Dan-e Run (Persian: تلخه دان رون‎, also Romanized as Talkheh Dān-e Rūn) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Talkheh Dan-e Run	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Länsimäki (Swedish: Västerkulla) is a city district in Vantaa, Finland.	Länsimäki	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romnów (ˈrɔmnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Romnów	Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastgerd-e Nagerd (Persian: دستگردناگرد‎, also Romanized as Dastgerd-e Nāgerd) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dastgerd-e Nagerd	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqasi Kandy (Persian: اقاسي كندئ‎, also Romanized as Āqāsī Kandy; also known as Āghāsī Kandī and Āqā Kandī) is a village in Firuraq Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqasi Kandy	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agassiz Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.	Agassiz Glacier	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sand Hills State Park is located north of the city of Hutchinson in Reno County, Kansas, United States.	Sand Hills State Park	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Shelby House near Lexington, Missouri was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.	Thomas Shelby House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iwerne Minster (pronunciation: /ˈjuːɜrn/) is a village and civil parish in the English county of Dorset.	Iwerne Minster	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorgian (Persian: گرگيان‎, also Romanized as Gorgīān; also known as Gorkīān) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gorgian	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liverdy-en-Brie is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne departement in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Liverdy-en-Brie	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Yali National Reserve is a nature reserve of Chile located in the southern portion of the Valparaíso Region.	El Yali National Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Dorp Lighthouse is a decommissioned lighthouse located in the New Dorp section of Staten Island, New York.	New Dorp Light	Staten Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elwha River Bridge was built around 1913 to span the Elwha River, Washington.	Elwha River Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaneland High School, or KHS, is a public four-year high school located in Maple Park, Illinois, in the United States.	Kaneland High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	122-124 Colmore Row is a Grade I listed building on Colmore Row in Birmingham, England.	122-124 Colmore Row	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Thieng is a river village in Vientiane Province, Laos.	Ban Thieng	Vientiane Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 807 is a telephone area code in the Canadian province of Ontario, encompassing the Northwestern Ontario region.	Area code 807	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Handsworth Park (originally Victoria Park) is a park in the Handsworth area of Birmingham, England.	Handsworth Park	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas College is a business and liberal arts College, located in Waterville, Maine, Thomas specializes in business, education, and technology.	Thomas College	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North American Building is an 81 m (266 ft), 21-story, historic high-rise building at 121 South Broad Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	North American Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Elmham St Mary, known as Homersfield, is a small village and civil parish located on the banks of the River Waveney in Suffolk, UK, on the border with Norfolk.	Homersfield	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eamont Bridge is a small village immediately to the south of Penrith, Cumbria, England.	Eamont Bridge	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillside Festival is an annual three-day, five-stage (including one kids' stage) summer festival occurring in Guelph, Ontario hosting musicians, spoken word artists, workshops and more.	Hillside Festival	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château du Landsberg is a castle in the commune of Heiligenstein in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace, France.	Château du Landsberg	Heiligenstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlecomer is a former coal mining town in County Kilkenny, Ireland, located in the province of Leinster.	Castlecomer	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	SportsQuest founder Steve Burton proposed in December 2008 to create an Olympic-style sports village in Chesterfield County, Virginia.	SportsQuest	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jawty Wielkie (ˈjaftɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Jauth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jawty Wielkie	Gmina Susz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mandel Public Library of West Palm Beach (formerly the West Palm Beach Public Library) is the public library of the City of West Palm Beach, Florida.	Mandel Public Library of West Palm Beach	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Häme Castle (Finnish: Hämeen linna, Swedish: Tavastehus slott) is a medieval castle in Hämeenlinna, Finland.	Häme Castle	Hämeenlinna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Couvent des Jacobins de la rue Saint-Honoré or Couvent de l'Annonciation was a Dominican monastery on rue Saint-Honoré in Paris.	Couvent des Jacobins de la rue Saint-Honoré	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkand (Persian: پركند‎) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Parkand	Qara Bashlu Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monponsett Pond Seaplane Base (FAA LID: MA6) is a privately owned, public-use seaplane base located two miles (3 km) northwest of the central business district of Halifax, a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States.	Monponsett Pond Seaplane Base	Halifax
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mardikh (Arabic: مرديخ‎) is a village in the Idlib Governorate of Syria.	Mardikh	Idlib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fontenelle Boulevard is a roadway in the Omaha boulevard system located on the north end of Omaha, Nebraska.	Fontenelle Boulevard	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biederthal (Alemannic German: Bierthel) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Biederthal	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castor and Pollux River is located in Nunavut, Canada about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Chantry Inlet.	Castor and Pollux River	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal School is a historic one-room schoolhouse located on Darby Road in Haverford, Pennsylvania near the Allgates Estate.	Federal School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurankhed is a village in the Akola district in Amravati division of Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state in India.	Kurankhed	Akola district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Aviation Museum of Western Canada (formerly the Western Canada Aviation Museum) is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Royal Aviation Museum of Western Canada	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nathaniel Mountain is a mountain ridge that runs southwest northeast through Hampshire County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle, rising to its greatest elevation of 2,739 feet (835 m) above sea-level.	Nathaniel Mountain	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hosenabad-e Bala (Persian: حصن ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Ḩoşenābād-e Bālā; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Rāḩatābād) is a village in Yazdanabad Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hosenabad-e Bala	Yazdanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Begun in 1898 in rural Frederick County, Maryland, the LeGore Bridge was completed and opened to the public in 1900.	LeGore Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baldwin County Board of Education oversees all public schools in Baldwin County, Alabama, and is based in Bay Minette, Alabama.	Baldwin County Board of Education	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storefront for Art and Architecture is a contemporary art and architecture institution in SoHo, Manhattan, New York City, founded by Kyong Park in 1982.	Storefront for Art and Architecture	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowmeniyeh (Persian: مومنيه‎, also Romanized as Mowmenīyeh) is a village in Neysan Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mowmeniyeh	Neysan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacob Hoornbeck Stone House is located at the junction of Boice Mill and Drum Farm roads in Kerhonkson, New York, United States, a hamlet of the Town of Rochester in Ulster County.	Jacob Hoornbeck Stone House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Houston is a region in Houston, Texas, United States.	Southwest Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deola is a taluka of Nashik district in Maharashtra, India.	Deola	Nashik district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Nisqually was an important fur trading and farming post of the Hudson's Bay Company in the Puget Sound area of what is now DuPont, Washington and was part of the Hudson's Bay Company's Columbia Department.	Fort Nisqually	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brainerd International Raceway is a 3.1-mile (4.989 km) road course, dragstrip and kart track near Brainerd, Minnesota, USA.	Brainerd International Raceway	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton-le-Dale (also called Thornton Dale) is a village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England, about three miles east of Pickering on the edge of the North York Moors National Park.	Thornton-le-Dale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asleh (Persian: اصله‎, also Romanized as Aşleh and Asaleh) is a village in Mofatteh Rural District, in the Central District of Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Asleh	Mofatteh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOTS (1230 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Deming, New Mexico, USA.	KOTS	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niyeh (Persian: نيه‎, also Romanized as Nīyeh and Neyeh; also known as Nīr) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Niyeh	Tarq Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The S.J. Quinney College of Law is the law school of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah.	S.J. Quinney College of Law	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braciejowice (brat͡ɕejɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Braciejowice	Gmina Łaziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lombrives is a large cave located in Ornolac-Ussat-les-Bains, Ariège, southwestern France.	Lombrives	Ornolac-Ussat-les-Bains
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Aqa Razi (Persian: ده اقارضي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Āqā Raẕī) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Aqa Razi	Qanatghestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Building at 1119-1121 W. Third Street was located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Building at 1119-1121 W. Third Street	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 2317 (RM 2317) is a Ranch to Market Road entirely in Hudspeth County in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Ranch to Market Road 2317	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Khassaf (Persian: حاج خصاف‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Khaşşāf) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hajj Khassaf	Miyan Ab Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keyvan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كيوان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Keyvan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drumkeeran (Irish: Droim Caorthainn) is a village in County Leitrim, Ireland located at the junction of the R280 and R200 regional roads.	Drumkeeran	County Leitrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Center Meeting House and Common is a historic meeting house at 476 Main Street in Oxford, Maine.	Center Meeting House and Common	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabakhi (Persian: سبخي‎, also Romanized as Sabakhī and Sabkhi) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sabakhi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houston Methodist Episcopal Church, South is a historic church on AR 60 on the southwest side, near the junction with AR 216 in Houston, Arkansas.	Houston Methodist Episcopal Church, South	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brown Square House, now the Garrison Inn, is a historic pair of rowhouses at 11 Brown Square in Newburyport, Massachusetts.	Brown Square House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crespina is a frazione (hamlet) in the comune of Crespina Lorenzana, in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany.	Crespina	Province of Pisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Diego Air & Space Museum (SDASM, formerly the San Diego Aerospace Museum) is an aviation and space exploration museum in San Diego, California, US.	San Diego Air & Space Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lighthouse of Carapacho (Portuguese: Farol do Carapacho/Ponta da Restinga) is a beacon/lighthouse located along the cliffs of Ponta da Restinga, near the hamlet of Carapacho, civil parish of Luz on the island of Graciosa, the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Lighthouse of Carapacho	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butterfield-Whittemore House, built in 1695, is a historic colonial house at 54 Massachusetts Avenue in Arlington, Massachusetts.	Butterfield-Whittemore House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola-Folwark (ˈvɔla ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola-Folwark	Gmina Baboszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poodchah-e Dinmohammad (Persian: پودچاه دین محمد ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Poodchah-e Dinmohammad	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedbergh (/ˈsɛdbər/ or local /ˈsɛbər/) is a small town and civil parish in Cumbria, England.	Sedbergh	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Varscona Theatre is a live performance venue in the Old Strathcona neighborhood of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Varscona Theatre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aslan Duz District (Persian: بخش اصلاندوز‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aslan Duz District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXCI is a ``community radio'' radio station that serves Tucson, Arizona.	KXCI	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Latin Academy (BLA) is a public school founded in 1877 in Boston, Massachusetts providing students in grades 7th through 12th a rigorous classical preparatory education.	Boston Latin Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelna-Judaszówka (ˈjɛlna judaˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sarzyna, within Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jelna-Judaszówka	Gmina Nowa Sarzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastern Camden County Regional High School District is a limited-purpose, regional public school district for students in ninth through twelfth grades from Berlin Borough, Gibbsboro and Voorhees Township, three communities in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Eastern Camden County Regional High School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavalli (Persian: تولي‎, also Romanized as Tavallī; also known as Tavallā, Tavalleh, and Tawalla) is a village in Barkuh Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tavalli	Barkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stańczyki (staɲˈt͡ʂɨki) (German: Staatshausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Stańczyki	Gmina Dubeninki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dearborn Ice Skating Center (The DISC, formerly Mike Adray Arena) is a 1,700-seat indoor ice arena located in Dearborn, Michigan in Metro Detroit.	Dearborn Ice Skating Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Bagh-e Shamshir (Persian: پس باغ شمشير‎, also Romanized as Pas Bāgh-e Shamshīr; also known as Pas Bāgh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pas Bagh-e Shamshir	Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad-e Kolahchi (Persian: اميرابادكلاهچي‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Kolāhchī and Amīrābād-e Kolāchī) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Kolahchi	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dayanand College is a college in Ajmer, Rajasthan, India, that was established in 1888 in form of a Pathshala (School) through the efforts of Karmaveer Pt. Jiyalal and Prof. Dattatreya Vable.	Dayanand College	Ajmer
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flint Hills historically known as Bluestem Pastures or Blue Stem Hills, is a region in eastern Kansas and north-central Oklahoma named for the abundant residual flint eroded from the bedrock that lies near or at the surface.	Flint Hills	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omni Dallas Hotel is a 23-story, 1001-room hotel at the Convention Center District in Dallas, Texas.	Omni Dallas Hotel	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	70588 Frank Sinatra Drive is a mid-century modern house in Palm Springs, California, that was the residence of the singer and actor Frank Sinatra from 1957 to 1995.	70588 Frank Sinatra Drive	Palm Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murrumbidgee Red Gums Important Bird Area comprises a 2451 km2 discontinuous linear tract of land stretching along the Murrumbidgee River west, and downstream, from Wagga Wagga in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Murrumbidgee Red Gums Important Bird Area	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canta Province is a province in the Lima Region of Peru, situated approximately 105 kilometres (65 mi) to the northeast of the Peruvian capital, Lima.	Canta Province	Lima Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raton Mesa is the collective name of several mesas on the eastern side of Raton Pass in New Mexico and Colorado.	Raton Mesa	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mamar Seh (Persian: ممرسه‎) is a village in Sumar Rural District, Sumar District, Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mamar Seh	Sumar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benarkabud-e Do (Persian: بناركبوددو‎, also Romanized as Benārkabūd-e Do, meaning ``Benarkabud 2'') is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Benarkabud-e Do	Teshkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Island Arena (also commonly known as the Commack Arena) was a 4,000-seat indoor arena in Commack, New York from 1959 until 1996.	Long Island Arena	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	2 Columbus Circle is a 12-story, 420-foot-tall (130 m) building located on a small, trapezoidal lot on the south side of Columbus Circle on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City.	2 Columbus Circle	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Archwood Avenue Historic District is a historic residential district in the Brooklyn Centre neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Archwood Avenue Historic District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatinec (pronounced (taˈtiːnəts)) is a settlement north of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Tatinec	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bansaid-e Sofla (Persian: بان سعيدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Bānsa``īd-e Soflá) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 9 families.	Bansaid-e Sofla	Sursur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Consumers Cigar Box Company, also known as Red Lion Woodcraft Inc., is a historic factory located at Red Lion, York County, Pennsylvania.	Consumers Cigar Box Company	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greeley Masonic Temple is a Colonial Revival style historic building in Greeley, Colorado.	Greeley Masonic Temple	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porter Medical Center, also known as Porter Hospital, was dedicated on June 15, 1925 and is located at 115 Porter Drive, Middlebury, Vermont.	Porter Medical Center	Middlebury
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mer Bleue Conservation Area is a 33.43 km2 (12.91 sq mi) protected area east of Ottawa in Eastern Ontario, Canada.	Mer Bleue Conservation Area	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knight-Finch House was a house built by prominent local fruit grower and canner Newell James Knight (older brother of Utah mining magnate Jesse Knight) and his wife Eliza Stratton Knight, located in Orem, Utah.	Knight-Finch House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mormon Lake is a shallow, intermittent lake located in northern Arizona.	Mormon Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harkawicze (xarkaˈvit͡ʂɛ) (Belarusian: Гаркавічы) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Harkawicze	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wright Potato House is a small 1-1/2 story building near Laurel, Delaware that was built to store harvested sweet potatoes.	Wright Potato House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concord Municipal Airport (IATA: CON, ICAO: KCON, FAA LID: CON) is a public-use airport located 2 miles (3 km) east of the central business district of Concord, a city in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.	Concord Municipal Airport	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Proszyska (prɔˈʂɨska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Proszyska	Gmina Jeziora Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lok Baintan Floating Market is located in the Banjar Regency in the Indonesian part of Borneo (South Kalimantan).	Lok Baintan Floating Market	Banjar Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podzamek Golubski (pɔˈd͡zamɛk ɡɔˈlupski) (German: Schloß Golau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Podzamek Golubski	Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itaituba is a city and municipality located in the state of Pará, Brazil, and one of the most important socioeconomic centers in the western region of the State.	Itaituba	Pará
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nandalike is a village in Karkala taluk in the Udupi District in Karnataka, India.	Nandalike	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	45 East 22nd Street is a skyscraper planned for Manhattan in New York City.	45 East 22nd Street	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avenal Solar Facility is a 57.7 megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power station in Kings County, California, constructed using 450,900 SHARP-128W thin-film modules.	Avenal Solar Facility	Kings County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballaragh Halt (sometimes Bulgham) is an intermediate stopping place on the northerly section of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man	Ballaragh Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BR-386 is a Brazilian federal highway running between the southern states of Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catarina.	BR-386	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais du Rhin (English: Palace of the Rhine), the former Kaiserpalast (Imperial palace), is a building situated in the German (north-east) quarter of Strasbourg (Neustadt) dominating the Place de la République (the former Kaiserplatz) with its massive dome.	Palais du Rhin	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicodemus National Historic Site, located in Nicodemus, Kansas, United States, preserves, protects and interprets the only remaining western town established by African Americans during the Reconstruction Period following the American Civil War.	Nicodemus National Historic Site	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elsterwerda (Lower Sorbian: Wikow) is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany.	Elsterwerda	Elbe-Elster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antalya Museum or Antalya Archeological Museum (Turkish: Antalya Müzesi) is one of Turkey's largest museums, located in Konyaaltı, Antalya.	Antalya Museum	Konyaaltı
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parris, Texas is a community that once existed just south of Melissa in central Collin County near the banks of the East Fork of the Trinity River.	Parris, Texas	Collin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Errogie (Scottish Gaelic: Earaghaidh) is a small hamlet situated at the north east end of Loch Mhòr in Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Errogie	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tipuzak (Persian: تيپوزك‎, also Romanized as Tīpūzak; also known as Teyūpā’īzeg) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tipuzak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełminko (xɛu̯ˈminkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chełminko	Gmina Duszniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Lemmon Ski Valley is a recreational ski area in the U.S. state of Arizona, and the southernmost ski destination in the continental United States.	Mount Lemmon Ski Valley	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inglewood Cottage is a Gothic Revival villa, built c. 1850, located at 150 Bethlehem Pike, in the Chestnut Hill section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Inglewood Cottage	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Bouchina was the parsonage of the Christian Reformed Church in the City of Doetinchem, Province of Gelderland.	Villa Bouchina	Doetinchem
located in the administrative territorial entity	11 Stanwix Street, formerly known as Westinghouse Tower, is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	11 Stanwix Street	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choghadak (Persian: چغادك‎; also Romanized as Choghādak and Chaghādak; also known as Chagbadak, Choqābak, and Choqādak) is a city in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Choghadak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zia Kuh (Persian: ضياكوه‎, also Romanized as Ẕīā Kūh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zia Kuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glasgow Industrial Airport (FAA LID: 07MT) is a private airport located 14 nautical miles (16 miles or 26 km) northeast of the central business district of Glasgow, a city in Valley County, Montana, United States.	Glasgow Industrial Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wu'an (Chinese: 武安; pinyin: Wǔ'ān) is a County-level city in the prefecture level city of Handan, Hebei province, China.	Wu'an	Handan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homochitto National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in southwestern Mississippi comprising 191,839 acres (776.34 km2).	Homochitto National Forest	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mollösund is an old fishing village and a locality situated in Orust Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 236 inhabitants in 2010.	Mollösund	Orust Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Becsehely (Croatian: Bečehel) is a village in Zala County, Hungary.	Becsehely	Zala County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gohord (Persian: گهرد‎; also known as Gohort and Kahrū) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gohord	Balvard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanabród (kaˈnabrut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Repki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kanabród	Gmina Repki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Lavaux-Sainte-Anne (Lavaux-Sainte-Anne Castle) is located in Belgium near Rochefort, in the province of Namur.	Château de Lavaux-Sainte-Anne	Rochefort
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langariz (Persian: لنگريز‎, also Romanized as Langarīz and Langrīz; also known as Langār, Langares, Langarīs, Langar Riz) is a village in Negel Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Langariz	Negel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haddon Hill is a prominent east-west aligned ridge in west Somerset, England, close to Hartford within the civil parish of Brompton Regis.	Haddon Hill	Brompton Regis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bileh Hu-ye Olya (Persian: بيله هوعليا‎, also Romanized as Bīleh Hū-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 18 families.	Bileh Hu-ye Olya	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjimedu is a village panchayat in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh, Chittoor district, and is located between the temple towns of Tirupati and Sri kalahasti.	Anjimedu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scotch Plains School, or School #1, was located in Scotch Plains, Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Scotch Plains School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salajan (Persian: سلاجان‎, also Romanized as Salājān) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Salajan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lester State Ultralight Flightpark (FAA LID: 15S) is a state-owned, public-use ultralight airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) east of the central business district of Lester, a town in King County, Washington, United States.	Lester State Ultralight Flightpark	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRCJ-FM is a classical/jazz FM radio station in Detroit, Michigan.	WRCJ-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tishu (Persian: تيشو‎, also Romanized as Tīshū; also known as Tīshābād and Tīshūn) is a village in Arad Rural District, Arad District, Gerash County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tishu	Arad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scheller College of Business at the Georgia Institute of Technology was established in 1934, and is consistently ranked in the top 25 business programs in the nation.	Scheller College of Business	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Govader Sham (Persian: گوادرشام‎, also Romanized as Govāder Shām) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Govader Sham	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Obere Argen (``Upper Argen'') is a river in southwestern Bavaria and southeastern Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Obere Argen	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halush (Persian: هلوش‎, also Romanized as Halūsh) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Halush	Jayedar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Memorial Auditorium was an indoor arena located in downtown Buffalo, New York.	Buffalo Memorial Auditorium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barauni IOC Township is a census town at Barauni in Begusarai district in the state of Bihar, India.	Barauni IOC Township	Begusarai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budhana (Hindi: बुढाना) is a small town, block, tehsil, NagarPannchayat, and one of the constituencies of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly in Muzaffarnagar district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Budhana	Muzaffarnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Reina (Spanish: ``The Queen'') is a commune of Chile located in Santiago Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region.	La Reina	Santiago Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Dairy Farm Depot (舊牛奶公司倉庫) or Old Dairy Farm Building (舊牛奶公司寫字樓) is a building in Central, Hong Kong, which currently houses the Hong Kong Fringe Club (South Block) and the Foreign Correspondents' Club (North Block).	Old Dairy Farm Depot	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyl Band (Persian: سيل بند‎) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Seyl Band	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quảng Yên ( listen) is a county-level town of Quảng Ninh Province in the Northeast region of Vietnam.	Quảng Yên	Quảng Ninh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posądza (pɔˈsɔnd͡za) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Posądza	Gmina Koniusza
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fortified Church of St. Arbogast (German: Wehrkirche St. Arbogast) in the municipality of Muttenz in the Swiss canton of Basel-Land is the only church in Switzerland that is surrounded by a defensive wall.	Fortified Church of St. Arbogast	Muttenz	Basel-Land
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolah Duz Mahalleh (Persian: كلاهدوزمحله‎, also Romanized as Kolāh Dūz Maḩalleh) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kolah Duz Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre-Dame des Vents is a chapel located in Port-aux-Français, the capital settlement of the Kerguelen Islands, Territory of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands in the south Indian Ocean.	Notre-Dame des Vents	Port-aux-Français
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cathedral Rocks Wind Farm is a wind power station located about 30 km west of Port Lincoln in South Australia, near the southern tip of the Eyre Peninsula.	Cathedral Rocks Wind Farm	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Yusof (Persian: پيريوسف‎, also Romanized as Pīr Yūsof) is a village in Pirsalman Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Pir Yusof	Pirsalman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Sanjud (Persian: كاني سنجود‎, also Romanized as Kānī Sanjūd) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Sanjud	Mahmudabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mankato Regional Airport (IATA: MKT, ICAO: KMKT, FAA LID: MKT) is a public airport located five miles (8 km) northeast of the central business district of Mankato, a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.	Mankato Regional Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Österslöv is a locality situated in Kristianstad Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 414 inhabitants in 2010.	Österslöv	Kristianstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National McKinley Birthplace Memorial Library and Museum is the national memorial to President William McKinley located in Niles, Ohio.	National McKinley Birthplace Memorial	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osła (ˈɔswa) (German: Aslau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gromadka, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Osła	Gmina Gromadka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowrmishkhanlu (Persian: دورميشكانلو‎, also Romanized as Dowrmīshkhānlū; also known as Dormīshkānlū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dowrmishkhanlu	Bastamlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ECS Bridge over Big Goose Creek is a bridge near Sheridan, Wyoming that was built in 1914.	ECS Bridge over Big Goose Creek	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoreline School District 412 is the school district in an established residential community north of Seattle and includes the cities of Shoreline and Lake Forest Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Shoreline School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bud Metheny Baseball Complex is a stadium on the campus of Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia, USA.	Bud Metheny Baseball Complex	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haymarket Park is a baseball and softball complex in Lincoln, Nebraska.	Haymarket Park	Lincoln
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberdeen Regional Airport (IATA: ABR, ICAO: KABR, FAA LID: ABR) is a city-owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) east of the central business district of Aberdeen, a city in Brown County, South Dakota, United States.	Aberdeen Regional Airport	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buttermilk Creek Complex found at the Debra L. Friedkin Paleo-Indian archaeological site in Bell County, Texas has provided archaeological evidence of a human presence in the Americas that pre-dates the Clovis peoples, who until recently were thought to be the first humans to colonize the New World.	Buttermilk Creek Complex	Bell County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paynes Prairie Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park, encompassing a 21,000-acre (85 km2) savanna in Micanopy, Florida, south of Gainesville.	Paynes Prairie Preserve State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Dyrskartunnel (Norwegian: Gamle Dyrskartunnel) is a road tunnel in Odda municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Old Dyrskartunnel	Odda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Pond Wildlife Management Area is a 526-acre (213 ha) New York State Wildlife Management Area (WMA) that lies on the eastern shore of Lake Ontario, and at the northern limit of an unusual region of sandy barrier beaches and lagoons.	Black Pond Wildlife Management Area	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citizens Hall is a historic municipal building at 13 Willard Hill Road in Interlaken, a village of Stockbridge, Massachusetts.	Citizens Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pratten Park is a sporting complex in the Sydney suburb of Ashfield.	Pratten Park	Ashfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Şambayadı, Çukurova is a village in the District of Seyhan, Adana Province, Turkey.	Şambayadı, Çukurova	Seyhan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sint-Kruis-Winkel is a sub-municipality of Ghent, Belgium.	Sint-Kruis-Winkel	Ghent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capitol Loop is a state trunkline highway running through Lansing, Michigan, in the United States that was commissioned on October 13, 1989.	Capitol Loop	Lansing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roy E. Ray Airport (FAA LID: 5R7) is a privately owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northeast of the central business district of Bayou La Batre, a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.	Roy E. Ray Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wareside is a small village and civil parish in the East Hertfordshire District, in the county of Hertfordshire.	Wareside	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalestan (Persian: دالستان‎, also Romanized as Dālestān) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Dalestan	Qareh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Smith's Stadium, originally the Alfred McAlpine Stadium and more lately the Galpharm Stadium, is a multi-use sports stadium in Huddersfield in West Yorkshire, England.	John Smith's Stadium	Huddersfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Marshall's Leeds Manor Rural Historic District is a national historic district located near Markham, in Fauquier County, northeastern Virginia.	John Marshall's Leeds Manor Rural Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalaman (Persian: قلمان‎, also Romanized as Qalamān) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Qalaman	Mosaferabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	In the 2001 Middle Hesse Regional Plan, the former district seat (Kreisstadt) Biedenkopf is designated the middle centre in the rural area.	Biedenkopf	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bell's Amusement Park was an amusement park located in Tulsa's Expo Square, part of the Tulsa County Fairground in Oklahoma.	Bell's Amusement Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isa Khandaq (Persian: عيسي خندق‎, also Romanized as ``Īsá Khandaq) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 696, in 185 families.	Isa Khandaq	Mazkureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahr-e Koti (Persian: شهركتي‎, also Romanized as Shahr-e Kotī) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahr-e Koti	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaran Sara (Persian: قارن سرا‎, also Romanized as Qāran Sarā; also known as Qārūn Sarā) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qaran Sara	Farim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cahal Pech is a Maya site located near the town of San Ignacio in the Cayo District of Belize.	Cahal Pech	San Ignacio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brundon is a hamlet in the Babergh District, in the English county of Suffolk.	Brundon	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benin City is a city (2006 est. pop. 1,147,188) and the capital of Edo State in southern Nigeria.	Benin City	Edo State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bieliszów (bjɛˈliʂuf) (German: Neu Heidau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bieliszów	Gmina Jemielno
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFRJ is a radio station in the Johnstown, Pennsylvania, USA area broadcasting on 88.9 MHz. The station is completely listener-supported, having no commercial advertising.	WFRJ	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagradowice (naɡradɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Nagradowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nagradowice	Gmina Kleszczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andersey Island is a large island in the River Thames in England near Abingdon, Oxfordshire on the reach above Culham Lock.	Andersey Island	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Başiskele is a district in Kocaeli Province and a sub-municipality of Kocaeli Metropolitan Municipality in the Marmara region of Turkey.	Başiskele	Kocaeli Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marlsgate Plantation, also known as the William P. Dortch House or the Dortch Plantation, is located on Bearskin Lake near Scott, Arkansas.	Dortch Plantation	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St John's Hampton Wick is a Church of England church on Church Grove and St John's Road in Hampton Wick, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St John's Hampton Wick	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State Russian Museum (formerly the Russian Museum of His Imperial Majesty Alexander III) is the largest depository of Russian fine art in Saint Petersburg.	Russian Museum	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yakima Valley AVA was the first American Viticultural Area established within Washington State, gaining the recognition in 1983.	Yakima Valley AVA	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Alvernia is a non-profit recreational summer camp in Centerport, New York on the North Shore of Long Island.	Camp Alvernia	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klępina (klɛmˈpina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Klępina	Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botesdale is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of the English county of Suffolk.	Botesdale	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheragh Chin (Persian: چراغ چين‎, also Romanized as Cherāgh Chīn) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District Rural District, Shahrabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheragh Chin	Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otomino (ɔtɔˈminɔ) (German: Ottomin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Otomino	Gmina Żukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Recently, a district reform made Paretz into a borough of the city of Ketzin.	Paretz	Ketzin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forest Hills Northern High School is one of the three high schools in the Forest Hills Public Schools in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Forest Hills Northern High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hochstatt (French pronunciation: ​(ɔkʃtat); Alsatian: Hooscht (huːʃt)) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Hochstatt	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabirabad (Persian: كبيراباد‎, also Romanized as Kabīrābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kabirabad	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Kuh Olya (Persian: سريکوه عليا‎, also Romanized as Sarī Kūh Olyā; also known as Amid Ali (Persian: اميدعلي), also Romanized as Āmīd Alī) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sari Kuh Olya	Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mill Creek Canyon Earthworks is a public park, storm water detention dam and Modernist ``masterpiece'' of environmental art located in Kent, Washington, Washington, United States.	Mill Creek Canyon Earthworks	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krishnankoil is a small village located in Virudhunagar District, in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Krishnankoil	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVSI is a commercial radio station in Montpelier, Idaho, broadcasting to the Montpelier, Idaho-Paris, Idaho area on 1450 AM.	KVSI	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Cod Factory Outlet Mall is an outdoor mall located in Bourne, Massachusetts.	Cape Cod Factory Outlet Mall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOFN is a non-commercial FM radio station in Canton, Ohio, USA, broadcasting at 88.7 MHz devoted to religious programming.	WOFN	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mammoth Yosemite Airport (IATA: MMH, ICAO: KMMH, FAA LID: MMH) is a town-owned public airport seven miles east of Mammoth Lakes, in Mono County, California.	Mammoth Yosemite Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Betty Engelstad Sioux Center (The Betty) is an indoor arena located in Grand Forks, North Dakota.	Betty Engelstad Sioux Center	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Staten Island Greenbelt is a system of contiguous public parkland and natural areas in the central hills of the New York City borough of Staten Island.	Staten Island Greenbelt	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varzi is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 70 km south of Milan and about 40 km south of Pavia.	Varzi	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llaneilian is a village and community in the Welsh county of Anglesey.	Llaneilian	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Wallace (ca. 1865--1882) was a US Cavalry fort built in Wallace County, Kansas to help defend settlers against Cheyenne and Sioux raids.	Fort Wallace	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osinów Dolny (ɔˈɕinuf ˈdɔlnɨ) (German: Niederwutzen) is Poland's westernmost settlement, in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, on the border with Germany.	Osinów Dolny	Gmina Cedynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abraham Lake is an artificial lake on North Saskatchewan River in western Alberta, Canada.	Abraham Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwegian National Road 7 (Norwegian: Riksvei 7) is a national road in Norway which runs from the town of Hønefoss in Buskerud county to the village of Granvin in Hordaland county.	Norwegian National Road 7	Granvin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piney Run Park is a nature park in Sykesville, Carroll County, Maryland.	Piney Run Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dorsey-Jones House is a historic house at 191 Nonotuck Street in the Florence area of Northampton, Massachusetts that served as a stop on the Underground Railroad.	Dorsey-Jones House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gladstone Power Station is Queensland's largest power station, with six coal powered steam turbines generating a maximum of 1,680 MW of electricity.	Gladstone Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Strathcona is an historic district located in south-central Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Old Strathcona	Edmonton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudani (Persian: رودني‎, also Romanized as Rūdāni, Rūdney, Rowdenī, and Rūdaney; also known as Radney and Rūney) is a village in Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rudani	Aghili-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMYO is a radio station owned by Univision in the San Antonio, Texas area.	KMYO	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Webster Hall is a nightclub and concert venue located at 125 East 11th Street, between Third and Fourth Avenues, near Astor Place, in the East Village of Manhattan, New York City.	Webster Hall	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardenden ( listen ) is a Scottish town located on the south bank of the River Ore in the parish of Auchterderran, Fife.	Cardenden	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Furneaux Group (indigenous name: Tayaritja) is a group of 78 islands at the eastern end of Bass Strait, between Victoria and Tasmania, Australia.	Furneaux Group	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sintra, Portugal The town of Namaacha lies in Namaacha District, of Maputo Province.	Namaacha	Maputo Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Canyon Bar 10 Airport (FAA LID: 1Z1), is a public-use airport located 60 nm south-east of the CBD of Whitmore, in Mohave County, Arizona, United States, near the Grand Canyon.	Grand Canyon Bar 10 Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Ngae (Thai: ป่าแงะ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Pa Daet District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Pa Ngae	Pa Daet
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Allegheny Intermediate High School (NAI) is a suburban high school in the North Allegheny School District located in McCandless, Pennsylvania, a community north of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	North Allegheny Intermediate High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadudeh (Persian: كدوده‎, also Romanized as Kadūdeh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kadudeh	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albion Park Public School is a government co-educational primary school located in Albion Park, a suburb of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Albion Park Public School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadiabad (Persian: محمدئ آباد‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadīābād) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mohammadiabad	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daramrud-e Sofla (Persian: دارامرودسفلي‎, also Romanized as Dārāmrūd-e Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Daramrud-e Sofla	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiream (Hungarian: Mezőterem, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɛzøːtɛrɛm); German: Terem) is a commune of 2,375 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Tiream	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Okrąglik (ˈvulka ɔˈkrɔŋɡlik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Okrąglik	Gmina Kosów Lacki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thiruvangoor is a small village 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) away from Kozhikode, Kerala, India.	Thiruvangoor	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watts Warehouse is a large, ornate Victorian Grade II* listed building standing on Portland Street in the centre of Manchester, England.	Watts Warehouse	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunicha (kuˈnixa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kunicha	Gmina Sztabin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery was used to raise trout and salmon for release into the McKenzie River in western Oregon in the United States.	Old McKenzie Fish Hatchery	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Civenna (Sciüèna in local language) is a frazione of the comune (municipality) of Bellagio in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Milan and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Como.	Civenna	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guciów (ˈɡut͡ɕuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwierzyniec, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Guciów	Gmina Zwierzyniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marshes Golf Club is a public golf club located in Ottawa, Ontario, adjacent to the Brookstreet Hotel.	Marshes Golf Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Naser (Persian: سيدناصر‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Nāşer) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Naser	Allah-o Akbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telescope Peak is the highest point within Death Valley National Park, in the U.S. state of California.	Telescope Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWRL (99.9 FM, ``The River'') is a radio station licensed to serve La Grande, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	KWRL	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cultus River is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon, located in Deschutes County.	Cultus River	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Jair Bittencourt is a multi-use stadium located in Itaperuna, Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.	Estádio Jair Bittencourt	Itaperuna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pidanguiyeh (Persian: پيدنگوئيه‎, also Romanized as Pīdangū’īyeh; also known as Pīdangū) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pidanguiyeh	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Jars (Persian: چاه جرس‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Jars) is a village in Ayask Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Jars	Ayask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sedgwick County Zoo is an AZA-accredited wildlife park and major attraction in Wichita, Kansas.	Sedgwick County Zoo	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tirstrup lies in the Syddjurs Municipality and is governed as part of the Central Denmark Region (Region Midtjylland).	Tirstrup	Syddjurs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haftad Mish (Persian: هفتادميش‎, also Romanized as Haftād Mīsh; also known as Sāgūrch-e Haftād Mīsh and Sāgūrch Haftādmīsh) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Haftad Mish	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phosphate Hill Power Station is located 150 km south of Mount Isa, Queensland, Australia.	Phosphate Hill Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Zamin (Persian: ميان زمين‎, also Romanized as Mīān Zamīn; also known as Anjīr-e Zīrakī (Persian: انجيرزيركي)) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mian Zamin	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Osborn Hotel is a building in southeast Portland, Oregon, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Osborn Hotel	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Martin-Boismenue House is a single-family house and historic site in East Carondelet, Illinois about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) East of the Mississippi River.	Martin-Boismenue House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gelbelsee transmitter, which belongs to the Bavarian Broadcasting Company, is used for transmitting FM in north Upper Bavaria, Ingolstadt and Eichstätt.	Gelbelsee	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Średnia Huta (ˈɕrɛdɲa ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Średnia Huta	Gmina Warlubie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katlewo (kaˈtlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziczno, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Katlewo	Gmina Grodziczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woofferton is a village to the south of Ludlow, in Shropshire, England.	Woofferton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ullsfjorden (Northern Sami: Moskavuotna) is a fjord in the municipalities of Tromsø, Karlsøy, and Lyngen in Troms county, Norway.	Ullsfjorden	Troms
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ułanowice (uwanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klimontów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ułanowice	Gmina Klimontów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roger Williams Park is an elaborately landscaped 427-acre (173 ha) city park in Providence, Rhode Island and is a historic district listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Roger Williams Park	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petersen Automotive Museum is located on Wilshire Boulevard along Museum Row in the Miracle Mile neighborhood of Los Angeles.	Petersen Automotive Museum	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Superior National Forest, part of the United States National Forest system, is located in the Arrowhead Region of the state of Minnesota between the Canada --	Superior National Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drawiny (draˈvinɨ) (German: Dragebruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Drawiny	Gmina Drezdenko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leidschendam-Voorburg (ˈlɛi̯tsə(n)ˌdɑm ˈvoːrbʏrx) is a municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Leidschendam-Voorburg	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reki (Persian: ركي‎, also Romanized as Rekī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Reki	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witramowo (vitraˈmɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Witramowo	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culver's Lake (formerly Round Pond) is a lake located in Frankford Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey.	Culver's Lake	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgh by Sands (pronounced as ``Brough'', i/ˈbrʌf/ BRUFF) is a village and civil parish in the City of Carlisle district of Cumbria, England, situated near the Solway Firth.	Burgh by Sands	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toreby is a village in Guldborgsund Municipality on the Danish island of Lolland.	Toreby	Guldborgsund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio Caliente Xoloitzcuintles is a multi-use stadium in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, that is mostly used for football matches.	Estadio Caliente	Tijuana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castello Borgia (also Borgia Castle or Rocca di Nepi) is a 16th-century castle in Nepi, in province of Viterbo, Italy originally refurbished for Lucrezia Borgia.	Castello Borgia	Nepi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calvary Christian Academy (CCA) is a non-profit private school located in Cresaptown, Maryland in Allegany County.	Calvary Christian Academy	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Chulalongkorn Memorial Building is a Thai pavilion in Utanede, Sweden (part of the Ragunda Municipality) built to commemorate the 1897 visit of King Chulalongkorn of Thailand to the town.	King Chulalongkorn Memorial Building	Ragunda Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witherslack is a small village and civil parish in the south of Cumbria.	Witherslack	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bash Kardan (Persian: بشكاردان‎, also Romanized as Bash Kārdān; also known as Bash Kārdān-e Sarūk) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bash Kardan	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tairutu is a lake in the Far North District of Northland Region of New Zealand.	Lake Tairutu	Northland Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palamangalam is a village panchayat in Narayanavanam mandal, located in Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Palamangalam	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Circleville Memorial Hall is a historic community center and war memorial in the city of Circleville, Ohio, United States.	Circleville Memorial Hall	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaiser Permanente Arena is an indoor arena located in Santa Cruz, in the U.S. state of California.	Kaiser Permanente Arena	Santa Cruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences (CIMS) is an independent division of New York University (NYU) under the Faculty of Arts & Science that serves as a center for research and advanced training in computer science and mathematics.	Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olive Hill Airport (FAA LID: 2I2), also known as Sellers' Field, is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Olive Hill, a city in Carter County, Kentucky, United States.	Olive Hill Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarichioi (Russian: Сарикёй, from Turkish: Sarıköy, ``Yellow Village'' ) is a commune in Tulcea County, Romania.	Sarichioi	Tulcea County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szebnie (ˈʂɛbɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Szebnie	Gmina Jasło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portygała (pɔrtɨˈɡawa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Portygała	Gmina Stara Kiszewa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwood Middle School Center for the Arts, more commonly known as Southwood Middle School, is a public secondary school located on 16301 Southwest 80th Avenue in Palmetto Bay, Florida.	Southwood Middle School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosebush House in Spokane, Washington was designed by architect Harold C. Whitehouse and was built in 1923.	Rosebush House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chuck Berry House is the former home of Chuck Berry in St. Louis, Missouri located at 3137 Whittier Street.	Chuck Berry House	St. Louis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallakam(Malayalam: വല്ലകം) is a village in Vaikom Taluk of Kottayam district in the southern Indian state of Kerala.	Vallakam	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phoenixville Area High School is a senior high school located on 1200 Gay St, Phoenixville, Pennsylvania.	Phoenixville Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homalin or Hommalinn (Burmese: ဟုမ္မလင်း မြို့ (hóʊɴməlɪ́ɴ mjo̰)) is a small town in northwestern Burma and capital of the Homalin Township in Hkamti District of the Sagaing Region.	Homalin	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	In addition to its communications role, HMAS Harman provides Navy administrative and logistic functions to all Navy personnel located in the Australian Capital Territory and southern New South Wales.	HMAS Harman	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Häckeberga Castle (Swedish: Häckeberga slott) is a castle in Lund Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Häckeberga Castle	Lund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge, more commonly referred to as the Q Bridge (the ``Q'' referring to ``Quinnipiac'') by locals, is a partially completed extradosed bridge that carries Interstate 95 (Connecticut Turnpike) over the mouth of the Quinnipiac River in New Haven, in the U.S. state of Connecticut.	Pearl Harbor Memorial Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acrodectes Peak is a mountain peak of the Sierra Nevada, located within Kings Canyon National Park in southern Fresno County, California.	Acrodectes Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Kuno Struck House, also known as Clifton Manor, is located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Dr. Kuno Struck House	Davenport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyr ol Din (Persian: خيرالدين‎, also Romanized as Kheyr ol Dīn, Kheyr od Dīn, Kheiroddin, and Kheyr ad Dīn; also known as Kheyradyn and Kheīradim) is a village in Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kheyr ol Din	Ozomdel-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centennial Sportsplex is a multi-use athletic complex in Nashville, Tennessee.	Centennial Sportsplex	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judson Studios is a fine arts studio specializing in stained glass located in the Highland Park section (also known as Garvanza) of northeast Los Angeles.	Judson Studios	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poltár District (okres Poltár) is a district in the south of the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Poltár District	Banská Bystrica Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappan Lake, also known as Tappan Reservoir, is a reservoir in Harrison County, Ohio, United States.	Tappan Lake	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vermilion Lighthouse is a lighthouse on the shores of Lake Erie in Vermilion, Ohio, USA.	Vermilion Light	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buzzwick Airport (FAA LID: W87) is a privately owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Carleton, a village in Monroe County, Michigan, United States.	Buzzwick Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michaelston-y-Fedw (Welsh: Llanfihangel-y-fedw) is a small rural village and community to the west of the city of Newport, Wales, on the border of Cardiff city and Caerphilly county borough.	Michaelston-y-Fedw	Newport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białaszewo (bjawaˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Białaszewo	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amah Rock (Chinese: 望夫石,Mong Fu Shek, lit. ``the stone gazing out for her husband'') is a naturally shaped rock located on a hilltop in southwest Sha Tin, Hong Kong.	Amah Rock	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naval Air Station Wildwood Aviation Museum is an aviation museum located at the Cape May Airport in Lower Township, in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Naval Air Station Wildwood Aviation Museum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bi Kanda (Persian: بي كندا‎, also Romanized as Bī Kandā) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bi Kanda	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kroyachevo (Bulgarian: Кроячево) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Kroyachevo	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Building, alternatively referenced as the Portland Municipal Services Building, is a 15-story municipal office building located at 1120 SW 5th Avenue in downtown Portland, Oregon.	Portland Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point of Fork Plantation is a historic plantation home and farm located near Columbia, Fluvanna County, Virginia.	Point of Fork Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębe-Kolonia (ˈdɛmbɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębe-Kolonia	Gmina Opatówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhongguancun Station (Chinese: 中关村站; pinyin: Zhōngguāncūn Zhàn) is a station on Line 4 of the Beijing Subway in China, located in the Zhongguancun area of the Haidian District.	Zhongguancun Station	Haidian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anmatjere Community centres on the town of Ti Tree, Northern Territory, located approximately 200 km north of Alice Springs.	Anmatjere Community	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJSV is a student-run radio station in Morristown, New Jersey.	WJSV	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadamalapeta is a mandal headquarters in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Vadamalapeta	Chittoor district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Independence Lakes are a chain of four alpine glacial lakes in Cassia County, Idaho, United States, located in the Albion Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest.	Independence Lakes	Cassia County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chichagof Harbor is an inlet on the northeast coast of the island of Attu in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.	Chichagof Harbor	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomień (ˈpɔmjɛɲ) (formerly German Pammin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pomień	Gmina Recz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rothe Erde is a district of Aachen, Germany with large-scale development in heavy industry.	Rothe Erde	Aachen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galpadar is village in Gandhidham Tehsil of Kutch District of Gujarat State of India.	Galpadar	Kutch District	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sullington is a village in the Horsham District of West Sussex, England, part of the civil parish of Storrington and Sullington.	Sullington	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sandover Highway is an outback unsealed track in the Northern Territory between the Plenty Highway north of Alice Springs and the Northern Territory/Queensland border.	Sandover Highway	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Moore Street is a moderately trafficked street in TriBeCa, a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	North Moore Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rowham Beyk Mahalleh (Persian: روهام بيك محله‎, also Romanized as Rowhām Beyk Maḩalleh; also known as Rahāmbak Maḩalleh and Rowḩām Beyg Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rowham Beyk Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Purchase on the Muskingum also called Ohio Company's Second Purchase, was a tract of land in the Northwest Territory, later Ohio, that the Ohio Company of Associates purchased from the United States federal government in 1792.	Purchase on the Muskingum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRST-FM (90.3 FM) licensed to Oshkosh, Wisconsin, is the student managed radio station located at the University of Wisconsin--	WRST-FM	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copper Falls mine was a set of numerous copper mine shafts and adits south of Eagle Harbor, Michigan.	Copper Falls mine	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarvaram is a village in Garidepalli Mandal in Nalgonda district, in the state Telangana along the southeastern coast of India.	Sarvaram	Nalgonda district	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kettle Moraine Correctional Institution is a medium security penitentiary located 10 miles west of Plymouth, Wisconsin, USA off Wisconsin Highway 67 just east of the county line with Fond du Lac County.	Kettle Moraine Correctional Institution	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlu is an historic event space in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Carlu	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Office Hall is a historic plantation located at King George Court House, King George County, Virginia.	Office Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fourqueux (pronounced: (fuʁ.kø)) is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.	Fourqueux	Yvelines
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Island Place Historic District is a historic district at Island Place and South Main Street at Market Square in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.	Island Place Historic District	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharmian (Persian: خارميان‎, also Romanized as Khārmīān, Khar Meyān, and Khar Mīān) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kharmian	Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olympic Dam Airport (IATA: OLP, ICAO: YOLD) is an airport in Olympic Dam, South Australia.	Olympic Dam Airport	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mobile Aeroplex at Brookley is industrial complex and airport in Mobile, Alabama which lies adjacent to the western shore of Mobile Bay.	Mobile Aeroplex at Brookley	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opoka Duża (ɔˈpɔka ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Opoka Duża	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dawkins Line Rail Trail is an 18-mile (29.0 km) rail trail in Johnson and Magoffin Counties in Kentucky.	Dawkins Line Rail Trail	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghak Rural District (Persian: دهستان باغك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Baghak Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert A. Thompson House is located along NY 302 in the Thompson Ridge section of the Orange County, New York, town of Crawford.	Robert A. Thompson House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasirai (Persian: نصيرائي‎, also Romanized as Naşīrā’ī and Nasīrā’ī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nasirai	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmshorn (German pronunciation: (ɛlmsˈhɔʁn)) is a town in the district of Pinneberg in Schleswig-Holstein in Germany.	Elmshorn	Pinneberg	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mildred, Poultry was a parish church in the Cheap ward, of the City of London.	St Mildred, Poultry	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlton House Terrace is a street in the St James's district of the City of Westminster in London.	Carlton House Terrace	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zard Chal (Persian: زردچال‎, also Romanized as Zard Chāl) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Zard Chal	Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puncheston (Welsh: Cas-mael) is a village and community in Pembrokeshire, southwest Wales.	Puncheston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Vincent Cemetery (French: Cimetière Saint-Vincent) is a cemetery in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.	Saint-Vincent Cemetery	18th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenona School is an independent, non-denominational, day and boarding school for girls, located in the Sydney suburb of North Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.	Wenona School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plichtów (ˈplixtuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Plichtów	Gmina Nowosolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sari Yataq (Persian: ساري ياتاق‎, also Romanized as Sārī Yātāq) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sari Yataq	Bastamlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butcher's Arms Ground is a multi-use stadium in Droylsden, Tameside, Greater Manchester, England.	Butcher's Arms Ground	Droylsden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaliś (ˈkaliɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbrom, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kaliś	Gmina Wolbrom
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bennington Street Burying Ground is a historic cemetery on Bennington Street, between Swift St. and Harmony St., in East Boston, Massachusetts.	Bennington Street Burying Ground	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pallithura is a village in the district of Trivandrum, the capital city of Kerala state in India.	Pallithura	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Baqeri (Persian: كوشك باقري‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Bāqerī) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Baqeri	Jereh and Baladeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tri-City Speedway is a 1/2-mile auto racing oval track located in Oakland Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania, near the city of Franklin to the southwest.	Tri-City Speedway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victoria Regional Airport (IATA: VCT, ICAO: KVCT, FAA LID: VCT) is a county owned, public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) northeast of the central business district of Victoria, a city in Victoria County, Texas, United States.	Victoria Regional Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veenangeni(Tamil: வீணங்கேணி) is a small village near Vadalur town, in Cuddalore district, in the state of Tamil Nadu, in India.	Veenangeni	Cuddalore district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sam A. Baker State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area encompassing 5,323 acres (2,154 ha) in the Saint Francois Mountains region of the Missouri Ozarks.	Sam A. Baker State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alwinton (previously named ``Allenton'' and sometimes still referred to as this) is a village and former parish in Northumberland, England.	Alwinton	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muggins Mountain Wilderness is a 7,711-acre (31.21 km2) wilderness area in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Muggins Mountain Wilderness	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2010 census estimated the population as 8,032,551 which makes South Sulawesi the most populous province on the island (46% of the population of Sulawesi is in South Sulawesi), and the sixth most populous province in Indonesia.	South Sulawesi	Indonesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yarmouth Camp Ground Historic District is a historic district encompassing a religious summer camp meeting ground in Yarmouth and Barnstable, Massachusetts.	Yarmouth Camp Ground Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumalo State Park is a well-developed state park in Deschutes County, Oregon, United States.	Tumalo State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelham Country Club is a country club located on the border of Pelham Manor and New Rochelle in Westchester County, New York.	Pelham Country Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bargeh (Persian: برگه‎) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District, Gahrbaran District, Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bargeh	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchowiska Górne (vʲɛʂxɔˈvʲiska ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wierzchowiska Górne	Gmina Bełżyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mettawee River (sometimes spelled ``Mettowee River'') is a tributary of Lake Champlain in western Vermont and eastern New York in the United States, passing the town of Granville, New York.	Mettawee River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Bitterroot Lake is a small lake in northwest Montana.	Little Bitterroot Lake	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chennault Air Force Base was a United States Air Force Strategic Air Command base located near Lake Charles, Louisiana.	Chennault Air Force Base	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esse (Finnish: Ähtävä) is a former municipality of Finland, now a village of Pedersöre.	Esse	Pedersöre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Christian Schools, known as Columbia Christian or CCS, is a private Christian school in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Columbia Christian Schools	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolfartsweier (population approx. 3,500) is a village near Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Wolfartsweier	Karlsruhe
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1973 Baven was incorporated into the parish of Hermannsburg as part of the regional and administrative reform in Lower Saxony.	Baven	Hermannsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaghan (Persian: چغان‎, also Romanized as Chaghān and Choghān) is a village in Harm Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chaghan	Harm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Capitan High School (commonly known as El Cap) is a public high school in Lakeside, California, United States, a census-designated place in San Diego, and serves students in grades nine through twelve.	El Capitan High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ober-Laudenbach is a municipality of the town of Heppenheim in the state of Hesse, Germany.	Ober-Laudenbach	Heppenheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Příkazy (German: Przikas, 1939-1945 Pschikas) is a village and municipality (obec) in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Příkazy	Olomouc District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 300 MW Sonoran Solar Project in Arizona, is a photovoltaic solar power plant which is being planned by a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources.	Sonoran Solar Project	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Audie Murphy American Cotton Museum is located at 600 Interstate 30 East, in the city of Greenville, county of Hunt, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Audie Murphy American Cotton Museum	Greenville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dutch Hill/Cohocton Wind Farm is a 125 Megawatt wind farm in Cohocton, New York.	Dutch Hill/Cohocton Wind Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amelia Academy is an independent co-educational college preparatory school in Amelia, Virginia.	Amelia Academy	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Communication Station Harold E. Holt is located on the northwest coast of Australia, 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of the town of Exmouth, Western Australia.	Naval Communication Station Harold E. Holt	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Setareh (Persian: چاه ستاره‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Setāreh) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Setareh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Job Fair'' Jodhpur National University is organizing job fair from 2010 every year with the vision and mission of ``Making India Employable'' via Dream Endurance.More than 2000 students of different parts of India are employed via University Job Fair.	Jodhpur National University	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vancouver Telephone Building is a building located in Vancouver, Washington listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Vancouver Telephone Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jangchung Gymnasium (Hangul: 장충체육관) is an indoor sporting arena located in Jung District, Seoul, South Korea.	Jangchung Gymnasium	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 13 Annis Street was built in 1880 and is a historic house in Methuen, Massachusetts.	House at 13 Annis Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deris (Persian: دريس‎, also Romanized as Derīs; also known as Pīr Derīz and Pīr-i-Dīriz) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deris	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Eola Heights Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on January 16, 1992) located in the eastern part of Downtown Orlando, Florida.	Lake Eola Heights Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goldstone Deep Space Communications Complex (GDSCC), commonly called the Goldstone Observatory, is located in the U.S. state of California's Mojave Desert.	Goldstone Deep Space Communications Complex	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guzoni Tappeh (Persian: گوزني تپه‎, also Romanized as Gūzonī Tappeh) is a village in Aqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Guzoni Tappeh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Karim (Persian: بنه كريم‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Karīm; also known as Boneh-ye Karīmī and Karīmī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Karim	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarasm (Persian: يارسم‎, also Romanized as Yārasm; also known as Vāras and Yāras) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yarasm	Ashrestaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 676 (abbreviated I-676) is an Interstate Highway that serves as a major thoroughfare through Center City Philadelphia, where it is known as the Vine Street Expressway, and Camden, New Jersey, where it is known as the northern segment of the North--	Interstate 676	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The U.S. Bancorp Tower is a 42-story, 163.38 m (536.0 ft) skyscraper in Portland, Oregon.	U.S. Bancorp Tower	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qatar Chah (Persian: قطارچاه‎, also Romanized as Qaţār Chāh) is a village in Khangiran Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qatar Chah	Khangiran Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczejkowice (ʂt͡ʂɛi̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwionka-Leszczyny, within Rybnik County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Szczejkowice	Gmina Czerwionka-Leszczyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokrsko-Osiedle (ˈmɔkrskɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokrsko, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mokrsko-Osiedle	Gmina Mokrsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monroe Congregational Church and New Hope Cemetery is a church near Monroe, Nebraska.	Monroe Congregational Church and New Hope Cemetery	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bierdzież (ˈbjɛrd͡ʑɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bierdzież	Gmina Policzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Heights Christian School, located in Tampa, Florida, was a ministry of Temple Heights Baptist Church and was one of the oldest Christian schools in the state of Florida.	Temple Heights Christian School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobayashi Park, also known as Kobayashi Preserve, is a park located in University Place, Washington, where Leach Creek and Chambers Creek meet.	Kobayashi Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borden Building is a 438ft (134m) tall skyscraper located at 180 East Broad Street in Columbus, Ohio.	Borden Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. John R. Drish House, also known simply as the Drish House, is a historic plantation house in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, United States.	Dr. John R. Drish House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	100 North Main Street, also known as Wells Fargo Center, is a postmodern, 460-foot (140 m), 34-floor office skyscraper in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, USA.	100 North Main Street	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaķumuiža (German: (((1))) Waldenrode) is a village in Ropaži municipality, Latvia.	Zaķumuiža	Ropaži municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowloon Tsai (Chinese: 九龍仔) is a place between Kowloon City and Kowloon Tong in Hong Kong.	Kowloon Tsai	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michaeliskloster is a monastery building in Rostock, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Michaeliskloster	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Crittenden, originally Camp Crittenden, was a United States Army post built in 1867 three miles from Sonoita, Arizona along Sonoita Creek.	Fort Crittenden	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stręgielek (strɛnˈɡʲɛlɛk) (German: Klein Strengeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stręgielek	Gmina Pozezdrze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakiabad (Persian: ساكي اباد‎, also Romanized as Sākīābād) is a village in Chaghakhor Rural District, Boldaji District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sakiabad	Chaghakhor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Mearns (Scottish Gaelic: Baile Ùr na Maoirne (ˈpalə ˈuːɾ nə ˈmɯːrˠɲə)) is an affluent suburban town and the largest settlement in East Renfrewshire, Scotland.	Newton Mearns	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trachyte Hills are a small, hilly mountain range in southern British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of the junction of Bonaparte River and Hat Creek.	Trachyte Hills	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodcote is a village in the civil parish of South Oxfordshire, about 5 miles (8 km) southeast of Wallingford and about 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Reading, Berkshire.	Woodcote	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chicago, Milwaukee and Pacific Railroad-Albert City Station, also known as the Albert City Depot, was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (The Milwaukee Road) in 1899 to serve the farms around Albert City, Iowa.	Chicago, Milwaukee and Pacific Railroad-Albert City Station	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Standley Lake High School is a public secondary school operated by Jefferson County School District R-1 in Westminster, Colorado, United States.	Standley Lake High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Montaigut is a castle in the French commune of Gissac in the département of Aveyron.	Château de Montaigut	Gissac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pil Bardi (Persian: پيل بردي‎‎, also Romanized as Pīl Bardī) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pil Bardi	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niaz Sui (Persian: نيازسويي‎, also Romanized as Nīāz Sū’ī) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Niaz Sui	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sawback Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies that stretches from the Bow Valley in Alberta into southeastern Banff National Park.	Sawback Range	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bellanca Airfield was an airfield, aircraft plant, and service hangar built in 1928 by Giuseppe Bellanca and Henry B. DuPont in New Castle, Delaware.	Bellanca Airfield	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberfan (Welsh pronunciation: (ˌabɛrˈvan)) is a former coal mining village in South Wales, 4 miles (6 km) south of Merthyr Tydfil Town.	Aberfan	Merthyr Tydfil
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Benjamin Osborn House is a historic house off West Street in Mount Washington, Massachusetts.	Benjamin Osborn House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weetwood is an area between Headingley and Meanwood in north-west Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Weetwood	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vidant Medical Center (previously, Pitt County Memorial Hospital) is a hospital located in Greenville, North Carolina.	Vidant Medical Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubin County (Polish: powiat lubiński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Lubin County	Lower Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miny (ˈminɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Miny	Gmina Secemin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Penn State College of Engineering is the engineering school of the Pennsylvania State University.	Penn State College of Engineering	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arthur Barnwell House, which is also known as the Barnwell-DeCamps House, is a Queen Anne house in Greer, South Carolina that was built in the period 1880-1900.	Arthur Barnwell House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tollbooth Gallery was a site-specific exhibition space and project of the nonprofit arts organization ArtRod launched in 2003 and located in Tacoma, Washington.	Tollbooth Gallery	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Barbara Museum of Art (SBMA) is an art museum located at 1130 State St. in downtown Santa Barbara, California.	Santa Barbara Museum of Art	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białoborze (bjawɔˈbɔʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Białoborze	Gmina Stopnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roszki-Chrzczony (ˈrɔʂki ˈxʂt͡ʂɔnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Roszki-Chrzczony	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milly-Lamartine is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.It is the home-town of Alphonse de Lamartine, the famous French poet and writer.	Milly-Lamartine	Saône-et-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duncan Dam is a dam spanning the Duncan River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Duncan Dam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montmartre Cemetery (French: Cimetière de Montmartre) is a cemetery in the 18th arrondissement of Paris, France, that dates to the early 19th century.	Montmartre Cemetery	18th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosemount Technology Centre (RTC) is a free English-language adult technical career education centre located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Rosemount Technology Centre	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scaleby is a small parish in the English county of Cumbria.	Scaleby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotia Centre is a commercial complex and small shopping mall in downtown Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, owned by the Dundee Realty Management Group.	Scotia Centre	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kish Chal (Persian: كيش چال‎, also Romanized as Kīsh Chāl; also known as Kīshāl) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kish Chal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monumental Church is a former Episcopal church that stands at 1224 E. Broad Street between N. 12th and College Streets in Richmond, Virginia.	Monumental Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saints' Roost Museum in Clarendon, Texas, United States, features heirlooms from Panhandle ranches, farms, and businesses as well as a renovated railroad depot and a collection of materials from the Red River War.	Saints' Roost Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William H. McCreery House built in 1900 is an historic octagon house located at 746 North Washington Avenue in Loveland, Colorado.	William H. McCreery House	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Battleford Civic Centre, locally known simply as the Civic Centre, is a 2,500-seat multi-purpose arena in North Battleford, Saskatchewan.	North Battleford Civic Centre	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaton is a section of the Belgian municipality of Bernissart.	Blaton	Bernissart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishopthorpe is a village and civil parish three miles south of York in the City of York unitary authority and ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, England.	Bishopthorpe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holden Arboretum, in Kirtland, Ohio, is one of the largest arboreta and botanical gardens in the United States, with more than 3,600 acres (1,500 ha), including 600 acres (240 ha) devoted to collections and gardens.	Holden Arboretum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Tameshk (Persian: سفيدتمشك‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Tameshk) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sefid Tameshk	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bortatycze-Kolonia (bɔrtaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bortatycze-Kolonia	Gmina Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of St. Vaast was a Benedictine monastery situated in Arras, département of Pas-de-Calais, France.	Abbey of St. Vaast	Arras
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Overill is a volcanic peak in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located 81 km (50 mi) east of Rivers Inlet and 2 km (1 mi) northwest of Mount Somolenko.	Mount Overill	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrzydlów (ˈskʂɨdluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skrzydlów	Gmina Kłomnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roqicheh Rural District (Persian: دهستان رقيچه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Roqicheh Rural District	Kadkan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Webster Central School District is a public school district in New York State that serves approximately 8,800 students in the town and village of Webster and portions of Penfield in Monroe County and portions of Ontario and Walworth in Wayne County with about 1350 employees and an operating budget of $140.6 million (~$15,964 per student).	Webster Central School District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sagaznab (Persian: سگزناب‎, also Romanized as Sagaznāb, Sakaznāb, Sakeznāb, Sakīznāb, Sakkeznāb, and Sakznab) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Sagaznab	Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tecali de Herrera is a town and municipality in Puebla state, southeastern Mexico.	Tecali de Herrera	Puebla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theodoros Vardinogiannis Stadium (Greek: Γήπεδο Θεόδωρος Βαρδινογιάννης) is a stadium in Heraklion, Crete, Greece.	Theodoros Vardinogiannis Stadium	Heraklion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Iroquois County State Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park that occupies 2,480 acres (1,004 ha) in northeastern Iroquois County, near the border with Indiana.	Iroquois County State Wildlife Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookfield Schools are a group of private, special education schools in Southern New Jersey for children with Behavioral Disabilities.	Brookfield Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milwaukee Intermodal Station is the main intercity bus and train station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, located downtown.	Milwaukee Intermodal Station	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachal Deh (Persian: كچلده‎) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kachal Deh	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Spirit Lake is a natural body of water, approximately 5,684 acres (2,300 ha) in area, in Dickinson County in northwest Iowa in the United States.	Big Spirit Lake	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hobeysh (Persian: حبيش‎, also Romanized as Ḩobeysh; also known as Salmān) is a village in Veys Rural District, Veys District, Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hobeysh	Veys Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qatar Qui (Persian: قطارقويي‎, also Romanized as Qaţār Qū’ī; also known as Ghatar Ghoo’ī, Qatar Koī, and Qaţar Qūyū) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Gol Tappeh District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qatar Qui	Gol Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghazanfari (Persian: غضنفري‎, also Romanized as Ghaẕanfarī) is a village in Keybar Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ghazanfari	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pajapita is surrounded by San Marcos Department municipalities, except by the southeast, where it borders Coatepeque, a Quetzaltenango Department municipality.	Pajapita	San Marcos Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murski Vrh (pronounced (ˈmuːɾski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the hills south of Hrastje in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Murski Vrh	Radenci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krajewo Wielkie (kraˈjɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krajewo Wielkie	Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syracuse Hancock International Airport (IATA: SYR, ICAO: KSYR, FAA LID: SYR) is a city owned, joint civil-military airport five miles northeast of downtown Syracuse, in Onondaga County, New York.	Syracuse Hancock International Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Na Inspanning Volgt Ontspanning Sparta, commonly known as Nivo Sparta, is a football club from Zaltbommel in Gelderland, the Netherlands.	Nivo Sparta	Zaltbommel
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Thomas, Nevada is a ghost town in Clark County, Nevada, near where the Muddy River flows into the Colorado River.	St. Thomas, Nevada	Clark County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avatanak Island (Aleut: Agutanax̂) is the second-largest (with a length of 10 mi) of the Krenitzin Islands, a subgroup of the Fox Islands in the eastern Aleutian Islands in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Avatanak Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Baraftab (Persian: چال برافتاب‎, also Romanized as Chāl Barāftāb) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Baraftab	Shahid Modarres Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simin-e Zagheh (Persian: سيمين زاغه‎, also Romanized as Sīmīn-e Zāgheh and Sīmīn Zāgheh; also known as Simīr-e Zāgheh) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Simin-e Zagheh	Simineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhisar (pronounced: ah-kee-sahr, or more formally, ahk-hee-sahr, Ottoman Turkish: اقحصار‎) is a county district and its town center in Manisa Province in the Aegean region of Western Turkey.	Akhisar	Manisa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple of Venus Erycina (Latin: Aedes Veneris Erycinae) was the name of two temples in ancient Rome dedicated to Venus Erycina, an aspect of the goddess Venus, also venerated in a famous temple at the mountain of Eryx in Sicily.	Temple of Venus Erycina	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Missoula was a prehistoric proglacial lake in western Montana that existed periodically at the end of the last ice age between 15,000 and 13,000 years ago.	Lake Missoula	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smoky Hills Wind Farm (Phase I & Phase II) is a 250 megawatt (MW) wind farm in Lincoln and Ellsworth Counties, 140 miles west of Topeka in Kansas, north of Ellsworth.	Smoky Hills Wind Farm	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sweitzer Lake State Park is a Colorado state park located in Delta County 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Delta, Colorado.	Sweitzer Lake State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandusky High School, or SHS, is a secondary school in Sandusky, Ohio, United States.	Sandusky High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ذلقي شرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District	Besharat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caribou Ranch was a recording studio built by producer James William Guercio in 1972 in a converted barn on ranch property in the Rocky Mountains near Nederland, Colorado, on the road that leads to the ghost town of Caribou.	Caribou Ranch	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prudhomme Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park just east of Prince Rupert in British Columbia, Canada.	Prudhomme Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIEZ (670 kHz AM) is a news/talk radio station broadcasting in Lewistown, Pennsylvania and serving State College, Pennsylvania.	WIEZ	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukma or Kookma is a village near the Bhuj town, taluka in Kachchh District of Indian State of Gujarat.	Kukma	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemianówka (ɕemjaˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Siemianówka	Gmina Narewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atamalek District (Persian: بخش عطاملك‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Atamalek District	Jowayin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moora Important Bird Area comprises a fragmented area of 685 ha centred on the rural township of Moora, in the wheatbelt region of south-west Western Australia.	Moora Important Bird Area	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Outlying Field Barin (IATA: NHX, ICAO: KNBJ, FAA LID: NBJ) is a United States Navy airfield located in Foley, a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.	Naval Outlying Field Barin	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rokitnica-Kąty (rɔkitˈnit͡sa ˈkɔntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rokitnica-Kąty	Gmina Sadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muran District (Persian: بخش موران‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Muran District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Victor Cushwa Memorial Bridge is a walking beam pedestrian bridge near Hancock, Maryland.	Victor Cushwa Memorial Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ouderkerk aan den IJssel is a village in the municipality of Krimpenerwaard, in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands.	Ouderkerk aan den IJssel	Krimpenerwaard
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPEG (97.9 FM, ``Power 98'') is a mainstream urban radio station serving the Charlotte, North Carolina market.	WPEG	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toplica District (Serbian: Toplički okrug, Serbian Cyrillic: Топлички округ, pronounced (tǒplit͡ʃkiː ôkruːɡ)) expands in the southern part of Serbia .	Toplica District	Serbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Tey is a village near the villages of Marks Tey and Great Tey in the Colchester District of Essex, England, located approximately six miles west of Colchester.	Little Tey	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratschings (Italian: Racines) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of the city of Bolzano, on the border with Austria.	Ratschings	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ochodze (ɔˈxɔd͡zɛ) (German Ochotz, 1936--1945 Frühauf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komprachcice, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ochodze	Gmina Komprachcice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrzelów (dɔˈbʐɛluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dobrzelów	Gmina Bełchatów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh Hamati (Persian: مزرعه همتي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh Hamatī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 6 families.	Mazraeh Hamati	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beacon Hill Reservoir (1849-c. 1880) in Boston, Massachusetts provided water to Beacon Hill from Lake Cochituate.	Beacon Hill Reservoir	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Pirevali (Persian: باغ پيرولي‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Pīrevalī) is a village in Rabor Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Pirevali	Rabor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winspit is an old quarry on the cliffs near Worth Matravers in the Isle of Purbeck, Dorset, England that is no longer in use.	Winspit	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summerville Airport (ICAO: KDYB, FAA LID: DYB) is a county owned, public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) northwest of the central business district of Summerville, a city in Dorchester County, South Carolina, United States.	Summerville Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJOD (103.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format serving the community of Dubuque, Iowa, USA.	WJOD	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Nosbonsing (French: Lac Nosbonsing) is a lake in the municipalities of Bonfield, Chisholm, and East Ferris in Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Lake Nosbonsing	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peak Mountain, also called Copper Mountain, est. 730 feet (220 m), is a traprock mountain located in East Granby, Connecticut, 6 miles (10 km) south of the Massachusetts border and 6 miles west of the Connecticut River.	Peak Mountain	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tigre Partido is a partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, situated in the northern part of Greater Buenos Aires.	Tigre Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Lafayette Street Creole Cottages is a grouping of three historic Creole cottages on South Lafayette Street in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	South Lafayette Street Creole Cottages	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coedcanlas is a hamlet and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, on the eastern shore of the Daugleddau estuary, 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Pembroke.	Coedcanlas	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Qasr Labwe is an archaeological site 1 km west of Labweh in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Qasr Labwe	Labweh
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Anchorage High School (EAHS) is a public high school in Anchorage, Alaska, and part of the Anchorage School District.	East Anchorage High School	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rhonestock is a mountain of the Uri Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri and belongs to the Winterberg massif.	Rhonestock	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Garrison, also known as Oulton's Garrison, Risteau's Garrison, and Olton's Garrison, is a historic fortification building located at Stevenson, Baltimore County, Maryland on Garrison Farms Court.	Fort Garrison	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalarcode or Kalarkode is a village in Alappuzha district, 4 km from Alappuzha Town.	Kalarcode	Alappuzha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagodje (pronounced (ˈjaːɡɔdjɛ); Italian: Valleggia) is a settlement on the Adriatic coast in the Municipality of Izola in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Jagodje	Izola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson Hole American Legion Post No. 43 is a log building in Jackson, Wyoming, home to the local post of the American Legion.	Jackson Hole American Legion Post No. 43	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pactola Lake is the largest reservoir in the Black Hills of South Dakota and is created by the Pactola Dam.	Pactola Lake	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamb Corner is a hamlet on the B1029 road, in the civil parish of Dedham in the Colchester district, in the county of Essex, England.	Lamb Corner	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gur Parviz (Persian: گورپرويز‎, also Romanized as Gūr Parvīz) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gur Parviz	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garden Bowl is a bowling alley located at 4104-4120 Woodward Avenue in Midtown Detroit, Michigan.	Garden Bowl	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District of Metchosin is a coastal community of just over 5000 people in the metro Greater Victoria region of British Columbia.	Metchosin	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilczy Las (ˈvilt͡ʂɨ ˈlas) (German: Wolfshayn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wilczy Las	Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piltown, historically known as Ballypoyle (Irish: Baile an Phoill), is a small village in County Kilkenny, Ireland.	Piltown	County Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capertee River, a perennial stream that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Capertee River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charminster is a village and civil parish in west Dorset, England, situated on the River Cerne and A352 road 1 mile (1.6 km) north of the county town Dorchester.	Charminster	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petthanaikankuppam (Tamil: பெத்தநாயக்கன்குப்பம்) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district in state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Petthanaikankuppam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Bazmusian is an archaeological site on the right bank of the Little Zab in the Ranya Plain (Sulaymaniyah Governorate, Iraq).	Tell Bazmusian	Iraq
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hukerd (Persian: هوكرد‎, also Romanized as Hūkerd and Hookerd; also known as Hījerd-e Bālā, Hījerd-e Pā’īn, Hūjerd, and Hūke) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hukerd	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bornrieth Moor (German: Bornriethmoor) is the remains of a raised bog in the German district of Celle and belongs to the Südheide Nature Park.	Bornrieth Moor	Südheide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baksei Chamkrong (Khmer: ប្រាសាទបក្សីចាំក្រុង) is a small Hindu temple located in the Angkor complex (Siem Reap, Cambodia).	Baksei Chamkrong	Angkor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polish Polar Station, Hornsund (Polish: Polska Stacja Polarna, Hornsund) is at Isbjørnhamna in Hornsund, on Spitsbergen in the Norwegian Svalbard archipelago, operated since 1957.	Polish Polar Station, Hornsund	Spitsbergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reformed Church of Shawangunk is located along Hoagerburgh Road in the Bruynswick section of the Town of Shawangunk, Ulster County, New York, USA.	Reformed Church of Shawangunk	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Baraki (ˈnɔvɛ baˈraki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików, within Stalowa Wola County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nowe Baraki	Gmina Zaklików
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alameda Dam is an embankment dam located near Alameda, and Oxbow, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Alameda Dam	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Foreaker Covered Bridge, also called the Weddle Covered Bridge, is located on Monroe County Road 40, three miles east of Graysville, Ohio.	Foreaker Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert O. Pickard Environmental Centre is a waste water treatment facility in the Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Robert O. Pickard Environmental Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sańbórz (ˈsaɲbuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sańbórz	Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kornaty (kɔrˈnatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kornaty	Gmina Strzałkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moswetuset Hummock is a wooded historic place in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Moswetuset Hummock	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudbarak-e Pain (Persian: رودبارك پائين‎, also Romanized as Rūdbārak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Rudbarak-e Pain	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suzesh (Persian: سوزش‎, also Romanized as Sūzesh) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Suzesh	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majac (Serbian: Majance) is a village located in the Municipality of Podujevo, District of Pristina, Kosovo.	Majac	Podujevo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alplersee is a lake on the slopes of the Rophaien mountain near Riemenstalden and Sisikon in the Canton of Uri, Switzerland.	Alplersee	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liebieghaus is a late 19th-century villa in Frankfurt, Germany.	Liebieghaus	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghiroda (German: Giroda; Hungarian: Győröd) is a commune in Timiș County, western Romania.	Ghiroda	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erindale Road is a connector road in the northern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, providing residents of the suburbs of Hamersley and Warwick with a connection to Reid Highway and Mitchell Freeway.	Erindale Road	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelar is a city in Morón Partido (county), Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, some 30 km west of the nation's capital, the autonomous city of Buenos Aires.	Castelar	Morón Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whetstone Mountains is a mountain range in Cochise County, southeastern Arizona.	Whetstone Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hizeh Jan (Persian: هيزه جان‎, also Romanized as Hīzeh Jān; also known as Henreh Jān) is a village in Sina Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hizeh Jan	Sina Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrajnia Blizanowska (ˈskrai̯ɲa blizaˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skrajnia Blizanowska	Gmina Blizanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conduit Road is a road in the Mid-Levels on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Conduit Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beipiao (Chinese: 北票; pinyin: Běipiào) is a city in Chaoyang prefecture, Liaoning province, in Northeast China.	Beipiao	Chaoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Řepy is a district in the west of Prague, located in and making up most of Prague 17 district, part of Prague 6 administrative region.	Řepy	Prague 17
located in the administrative territorial entity	Picciano is a village and comune in Italy in the Province of Pescara, within the Abruzzo region.	Picciano	Province of Pescara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cristo Rey Brooklyn High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Brooklyn, New York.	Cristo Rey Brooklyn High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge, located in southwestern Oklahoma near Lawton, has protected unique wildlife habitats since 1901 and is the oldest managed wildlife facility in the United States Fish and Wildlife Service system.	Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Labastide, also known as the Château de Marsa, is a castle in the commune of Beauregard in the Lot département of France.	Château de Labastide	Beauregard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhitiwala is a small village of Malout tehsil of district Sri Mukatsar Sahib, Punjab, India.	Bhitiwala	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góry Olesińskie (ˈɡurɨ ɔlɛˈɕiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Góry Olesińskie	Gmina Kurów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młynice (mwɨˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Młynice	Gmina Strzelno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahianu (Persian: احيانو‎, also Romanized as Āḥīānū) is a village in Gol Banu Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahianu	Gol Banu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Christian and Sarah Knudsen House, at 123 S. Center St. in Lehi, Utah, was built in 1909.	Christian and Sarah Knudsen House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurabeh-ye Vosta Shahmorad (Persian: شورابه وسطي شاهمراد‎‎, also Romanized as Shūrābeh-ye Vosţá Shāhmorād; also known as Shūrābeh) is a village in Kunani Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shurabeh-ye Vosta Shahmorad	Kunani Rural District	Kunani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudołtowice (rudɔu̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Rudoltowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczyna, within Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rudołtowice	Gmina Pszczyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaroszewo-Wieś (jarɔˈʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaroszewo-Wieś	Gmina Bielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tampa Executive Airport (ICAO: KVDF, FAA LID: VDF), formerly known as Vandenberg Airport, is located in unincorporated Hillsborough County, Florida, six nautical miles (11 km) east of the central business district of Tampa.	Tampa Executive Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konarmaktab (Persian: كنارمكتب‎, also Romanized as Konārmaktab) is a village in Dadin Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Konarmaktab	Dadin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church Street Covered Bridge, also called the Village Covered Bridge, is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the North Branch of the Lamoille River (also known as the Kelly River) in Waterville, Vermont off State Route 109 in Waterville, Vermont.	Church Street Covered Bridge	Waterville, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wonderland Village is an outdoor shopping center in Livonia, Michigan, United States, a suburb of Detroit.	Wonderland Village	Livonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carini (Latin:Hyccara or Hyccarum) is a town and comune in the Province of Palermo, Sicily, 21 kilometres (13 mi) by rail west-northwest of Palermo.	Carini	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Hajji Qazi (Persian: كلاته حاجي قاضي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Qāẕī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Qāẕī and Chāhābād) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Hajji Qazi	Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reģi is a village in Alsunga municipality in the historical region of Courland in western Latvia.	Reģi	Alsunga municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longmore House, formerly Longmore Hospital, on Salisbury Place, Newington, Edinburgh, is the headquarters of Historic Scotland.	Longmore House	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Deh-e Malek (Persian: شهرك ده ملك‎; also known as Rūstāyī-ye Deh-e Malek (Persian: روستاي ده ملك), Deh-e Malek, and Deh Malik) is a village in Jowshan Rural District, Golbaf District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Deh-e Malek	Jowshan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Échelles du Baroque is a residential building complex of Paris.	Les Échelles du Baroque	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbia Valley AVA (referred to locally as the Columbia Basin) is an American Viticultural Area which lies in the Columbia River Plateau, through much of central and southern Washington State, with a small section crossing into the neighboring state of Oregon.	Columbia Valley AVA	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Platta is located between the localities of Avers and Mulegns, both in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Piz Platta	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGRV-LP (93.1 FM) was a radio station consisting of a series of low power transmitters throughout the Brevard/Indian River area of Florida.	WGRV-LP	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomb KV10, located in the Valley of the Kings near the modern-day Egyptian city of Luxor, was cut and decorated for the burial of Pharaoh Amenmesse of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Ancient Egypt.	KV10	Luxor
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nast Trinity United Methodist Church is a historic congregation of the United Methodist Church in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Nast Trinity United Methodist Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Centre (French: York-Centre) is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1904 to 1917 and since 1953.	York Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	TPC San Antonio is a golf resort in the Cibolo Canyons area north of San Antonio, Texas, that opened in February 2010.	TPC San Antonio	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Lay LRRS Airport (IATA: PIZ, ICAO: PPIZ, FAA LID: PIZ) is a public and military use airport owned by the United States Government and located in Point Lay, in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Point Lay LRRS Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Kelling is a village and civil parish in the north of the English county of Norfolk.	High Kelling	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campo de Benfica was a football grass field in Lisbon, Portugal.	Campo de Benfica	Lisbon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Poste des Cadodaquious was a small French fort founded in 1719; it was located northwest of Texarkana, Texas in today's Bowie County.	Le Poste des Cadodaquious	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sladesbridge is a small village located near Wadebridge in Cornwall, England, UK.	Sladesbridge	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mayan Theater in Los Angeles, California, is a landmark former movie palace.	Mayan Theater	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ririe A Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge is a Pegram truss railroad bridge which crosses the Snake River 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Ririe, Idaho.	Ririe A Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzypole (tʂɨˈpɔlɛ) (German: Försterei Dreipfuhl) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Trzypole	Gmina Cedynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hysan Place (Chinese: 希慎廣場) is a shopping mall and office building at 500 Hennessy Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, China.	Hysan Place	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Marine Society (est. 1742) is a charitable organization in Boston, Massachusetts, formed ``to 'make navigation more safe' and to relieve members and their families in poverty or other 'adverse accidents in life.	Boston Marine Society	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Randal Tyson Track Center is a 5,500-seat indoor track in Fayetteville, Arkansas.	Randal Tyson Track Center	Fayetteville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yedigöze Dam, also known as Sani Bey Dam, is an concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Seyhan River bordering İmamoğlu and Aladağ districts in Adana Province, Turkey.	Yedigöze Dam	İmamoğlu	Aladağ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoelsand or Holssanden is a village in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Hoelsand	Sunndal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chujar (Persian: چوجار‎, also Romanized as Chūjār and Jūjār) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chujar	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bondar Rural District (Persian: دهستان بندر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Senderk District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bondar Rural District	Senderk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hay River/Brabant Lodge Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEA8), was located on the Mackenzie River, near Hay River, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Hay River/Brabant Lodge Water Aerodrome	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakowicki Cemetery (Polish: Cmentarz Rakowicki) is a cemetery in Poland, located in the centre of Kraków.	Rakowicki Cemetery	Kraków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberwald railway station is a railway station serving the village of Oberwald, in the Canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Oberwald railway station	Canton of Valais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sezill Hot Springs is a hot spring on Sezill Creek, southwest of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park and Recreation Area of northern British Columbia, Canada.	Sezill Hot Springs	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church New Brighton (Episcopal) is a historic Episcopal church complex at 76 Franklin Avenue in New Brighton, Staten Island, New York.	Christ Church New Brighton (Episcopal)	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aruzhqoli (Persian: اروژقلي‎, also Romanized as Ārūzhqolī) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Aruzhqoli	Mehrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان دابوئ شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sorkhrud District, Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dabuy-ye Shomali Rural District	Sorkhrud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kettle Moraine is a large moraine in the state of Wisconsin, United States.	Kettle Moraine	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghazazan (Persian: غزازان‎, also Romanized as Ghazāzān and Ghazzāzān; also known as Kazāzān and Kazzāzān) is a village in Beyarjomand Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Ghazazan	Beyarjomand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powder Mountain is a ski resort located just east of Eden, Utah, stretching between Weber and Cache counties, and only 55 miles from Salt Lake City International Airport.	Powder Mountain	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost River Jr./Sr. High School is a junior/senior public high school serving Merrill, Oregon, United States.	Lost River Jr./Sr. High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alti Aghaj-e Bozorg (Persian: التي اغاج بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Āltī Āghāj-e Bozorg; also known as Āltī Āqāj) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Alti Aghaj-e Bozorg	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rice, California, formerly named Blythe Junction, is a vacant town site in the southern tip of the Mojave Desert in unincorporated San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Rice, California	San Bernardino County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madron Monastery was a Celtic monastery at Madron in Cornwall, UK.	Madron Monastery	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gribbio is an Italian-speaking village in Ticino, Switzerland, in the district of Chironico.	Gribbio	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehmurd (Persian: دهمورد‎, also Romanized as Dehmūrd, Deh-e Mūrd, and Deh Moord; also known as Deh Mon) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehmurd	Bakhtegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Furnace Brook Parkway is a historic parkway in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Furnace Brook Parkway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulerzów (kuˈlɛʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilany, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kulerzów	Gmina Mogilany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foster Lane is a short street within Cheap ward, in the City of London.	Foster Lane	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Foshay Tower, now the W Minneapolis --	Foshay Tower	Minneapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Deza (Persian: بالادزا‎, also Romanized as Bālā Dezā) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Deza	Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckhead Church is an in-town campus of North Point Ministries located in the Buckhead district of Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	Buckhead Church	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Mszczonowskie (ˈbudɨ mʂt͡ʂɔˈnɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Mszczonowskie	Gmina Radziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbków (ˈdɔmpkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Dąbków	Gmina Lubaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sâncraiu (Kalotaszentkirály in Hungarian) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Sâncraiu	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anaheim University is a nationally accredited for-profit university based in Anaheim, California.	Anaheim University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wealdstone is an area of the London Borough of Harrow, north west London.	Wealdstone	London Borough of Harrow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byro Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station that aso carries cattle located in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Byro Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babeli is a village in Tehsil Phagwara, Kapurthala district, in Punjab, India.	Babeli	Kapurthala district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurloq (Persian: شورلق‎, also Romanized as Shūrloq; also known as Shoorlogh, Shūrlūkh, and Shūrrukh) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurloq	Marzdaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gateway of India is a monument built during the British Rule in Mumbai City of Maharashtra state in Western India.	Gateway of India	Mumbai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samma Satta (Also spelled Samasatta or Samasata) (Urdu: سمہ سٹہ ‎) is a town in Bahawalpur District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Samma Satta	Bahawalpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłonna (ˈkwɔnna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Odrzywół, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kłonna	Gmina Odrzywół
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre Georges-Vézina, formerly the Colisée de Chicoutimi, is a 4,724 capacity (3,683 seated) multi-purpose arena in Chicoutimi, Quebec, Canada.	Centre Georges-Vézina	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caculé is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Bahia, which possesses approximately 21,000 inhabitants and is situated 750 kilometers away from Salvador.	Caculé	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Bill Dam is a concrete arch-gravity dam on the Shoshone River in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Buffalo Bill Dam	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molla Abdollah (Persian: ملاعبداله‎, also Romanized as Mollā ``Abdollāh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 9 families.	Molla Abdollah	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monshian (Persian: منشيان‎, also Romanized as Monshīān; also known as Mīshān, Mīshūn, and Mīsūn) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Monshian	Baraan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfeshad (Persian: اسفشاد‎, also Romanized as Esfeshād and Esfashād; also known as Asb Shahr and Asp Shahr) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Esfeshad	Qaen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hutchesons' Hall is an early nineteenth-century building in Ingram Street, in the centre of Glasgow, Scotland.	Hutchesons' Hall	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Lipowska (ˈvɔla liˈpɔfska) (German: Breitlinde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wola Lipowska	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berry College is a private, four-year liberal arts college located in Mount Berry, Floyd County, Georgia, just north of Rome.	Berry College	Floyd County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown's Crossing is a diminutive rural request stop on the northern section of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man The halt caters almost exclusively for local traffic.	Brown's Crossing	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 5 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 5گزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 5 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 5 Gazabad	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dénia (Valencian: (ˈdenia), locally: (ˈdenjɐ); Spanish: Denia (ˈdenja)) is a city in the province of Alicante, Spain, on the Costa Blanca halfway between Alicante and Valencia, the judicial seat of the comarca of Marina Alta.	Dénia	Marina Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pniewska Górka (ˈpɲefska ˈɡurka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pniewska Górka	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kökar is an island municipality to the south-east of the Åland archipelago, Finland.	Kökar	Åland archipelago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dayen (Persian: داين‎, also Romanized as Dāyen) is a village in Amiriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Dayen	Amiriyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arena Naucalpan is a major arena in Naucalpan, Estado de México.	Naucalpan	México
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shib Ab Bandan (Persian: شيب اببندان‎, also Romanized as Shīb Āb Bandān) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shib Ab Bandan	Hasan Reza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millville Senior High School is a comprehensive community public high school located in Millville, in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in half of tenth grade through twelfth grade as part of the Millville Public Schools.	Millville Senior High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wild Basin Ranger Station is located in the southeastern portion of Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado.	Wild Basin Ranger Station	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 2012 Hippolytushoef is a part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon.	Hippolytushoef	Hollands Kroon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ninaki Mountain is located in Montana, 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Carway, Alberta and 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) southwest of Chief Mountain.	Ninaki Mountain	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bryce Inn, also known as the Bryce General Store, in Bryce Canyon National Park, Utah was designed by architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood and built in 1932.	Bryce Inn	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Duzen River is a river on the north coast of California.	Van Duzen River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uniyalgaon (or Uniyal Gaon) is a village in the Tehri Garhwal district of Uttarakhand state in India.	Uniyalgaon	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pouy, Burkina Faso is a town in the Solenzo Department of Banwa Province in western Burkina Faso.	Pouy, Burkina Faso	Solenzo Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jilab (Persian: جيلاب‎, also Romanized as Jīlāb; also known as Ḩīlāb) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jilab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadcasting Transmitters, Isin (Persian: فرستنده راديوتلويزيون‎ -- Fars Tandeh Rādī va Talevīzīūn) is a village and company town in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Broadcasting Transmitters, Isin	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henriette-Bathily Women's Museum (in French: Musée de la Femme Henriette-Bathily) is a museum located on Gorée, an island on the coast of Senegal, across from the House of Slaves (Gorée).	Henriette-Bathily Women's Museum	Gorée
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wade Park is a sports ground located in the town of Orange, New South Wales, Australia.	Wade Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Río Lagartos Municipality (Spanish language: ``river of alligators'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (249.09 km2) of land and is located roughly 215 kilometres (134 mi) northeast of the city of Mérida.	Río Lagartos Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gradin (pronounced (ˈɡɾaːdin)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gradin	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad-e Fenderesk (Persian: اميرابادفندرسك‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Fenderesk) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Fenderesk	Katul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pleasant National Scenic Area is a federally designated National Scenic Area within George Washington National Forest in Virginia, USA, to the north of Lynchburg.	Mount Pleasant National Scenic Area	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatfield Senior High School is a high school located in Ken Caryl of Jefferson County near Littleton, Colorado.	Chatfield Senior High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Emilia (ˈxuta ɛˈmilja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Huta Emilia	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amaldu is a small village in the patti - dabralsyun of Pauri Garhwal district of the Uttarakhand state of India.	Amaldu	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Callington Mill is a Lincolnshire tower mill built in 1837 in Oatlands, Tasmania by John Vincent.	Callington Mill	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Geelong Showgrounds in Geelong, Victoria, Australia, are the home of the Royal Geelong Show, an agricultural show held every year since 1855.	Geelong Showgrounds	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogliastro Marina, sometimes shortened as Ogliastro, is a southern Italian village and hamlet (frazione) of Castellabate, a municipality in the province of Salerno, Campania.	Ogliastro Marina	Castellabate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botiza (Hungarian: Batiza) is a commune in Maramureș County, northern Romania.	Botiza	Maramureș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orcheston is a civil parish and village in Wiltshire, England, lying on Salisbury Plain less than a mile north-west of neighbouring Shrewton.	Orcheston	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szonów (ˈʂɔnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Szonów	Gmina Głogówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Houses is a public housing project in Manhattan in New York City and the first such in the United States.	First Houses	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paso Canoas is an international city shared between Puntarenas Province in Costa Rica and Chiriquí Province in the west of Panama.	Paso Canoas	Puntarenas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jericho Covered Bridge is a Burr arch through truss wooden covered bridge near Jerusalem, Harford County and Kingsville, Baltimore County, in Maryland, United States and near historic Jerusalem Mill Village.	Jericho Covered Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haw Phra Kaew (Lao: ຫໍພະແກ້ວ), also written as Ho Prakeo, Hor Pha Keo and other similar spellings, is a former temple in Vientiane, Laos.	Haw Phra Kaew	Vientiane
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellevue Towers is a high rise condominium complex in downtown Bellevue, Washington.	Bellevue Towers	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khohari is a village in the Behror tehsil the Alwar district of Rajasthan state in India, with a population of around 2400.	Khohari	Alwar district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYKT is a radio station in northeastern Illinois.	WYKT	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deyhuk Rural District (Persian: دهستان ديهوك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deyhuk Rural District	Deyhuk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padstow (Cornish: Lannwedhenek) is a town, civil parish and fishing port on the north coast of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Padstow	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pinto Mountains are found in southern California, USA, at the north-central part of Joshua Tree National Park.	Pinto Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klettwitz (Lower Sorbian: Klěśišća) is a German village of Brandenburg, belonging to the municipality of Schipkau, situated in the historical region of Lower Lusatia.	Klettwitz	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębowce (dɛmˈbɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrozy, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dębowce	Gmina Mrozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatangi is a prominent village in Bihar, India.	Khatangi	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Stary Ratyniec (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈstarɨ raˈtɨɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Stary Ratyniec	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahzab (Persian: سهزاب‎, also Romanized as Sahzāb) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sahzab	Aghmiyun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Dłutowskie (ˈbudɨ dwuˈtɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dłutów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Budy Dłutowskie	Gmina Dłutów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Banaue Rice Terraces (Filipino: Hagdan-hagdang Palayan ng Banawe) are 2,000-year-old terraces that were carved into the mountains of Ifugao in the Philippines by ancestors of the indigenous people.	Banaue Rice Terraces	Ifugao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roberts Octagon Barn built in 1883 is an historic octagonal barn located on CR W62 near Sharon Center, Johnson County, Iowa.	Roberts Octagon Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moncalvo is a city and comune in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) east of Turin and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Asti on the national road SS 547 which links Asti to Casale Monferrato and Vercelli.	Moncalvo	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James W. Finch House, known also as the Finch-Fleischer House, is a historic house in Monterey, California that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	James W. Finch House	Monterey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hazy Moon Zen Center is a Soto Zen center in Los Angeles, California.	Hazy Moon Zen Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Like any other typical village in Tamil Nadu country side, majority of the people in Thamarankottai belong to the farming community and the rest of them play supporting roles.	Thamarankottai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Grimstead is a village in Grimstead civil parish, on the River Dun in Wiltshire, England, about 4.5 miles (7.2 km) southeast of Salisbury.	West Grimstead	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Elijo Lagoon Ecological Reserve is one of the largest remaining coastal wetlands in San Diego County, California, USA.	San Elijo Lagoon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuens (Italian: Caines) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of the city of Bolzano in the Passeier Valley.	Kuens	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kola Donja (Serbian Cyrillic: Кола Доња) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kola Donja	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pittsfield State Forest is an 11,000-acre (4,500 ha) Massachusetts state forest located in the town of Pittsfield and managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.	Pittsfield State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Union National Monument is a unit of the National Park Service located north of Watrous, Mora County, New Mexico, USA.	Fort Union National Monument	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brevard Memorial Stadium is a 7,000-seat football stadium located in Brevard, North Carolina.	Brevard Memorial Stadium	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Human Evolution (Spanish: Museo de la Evolución Humana) is a museum on the subject of human evolution situated on the south bank of the river Arlanzón, in the Spanish city of Burgos.	Museum of Human Evolution	Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hok Tau Reservoir (Chinese: 鶴藪水塘, Pinyin: Hedou Shuitang) is a small S-shaped reservoir situated in the northeastern New Territories, Hong Kong.	Hok Tau Reservoir	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamareh-ye Heshmatabad (Persian: کمره حشمت آباد‎, also Romanized as Kamareh-ye Ḩeshmatābād; also known as Kamareh) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kamareh-ye Heshmatabad	Nurabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kautz Glacier is a narrow glacier on the southern flank of Mount Rainier in Washington.	Kautz Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clinton Field (FAA LID: I66) is a public use airport located at 1581 North Curry Road four nautical miles (7 km) northwest of the central business district of Wilmington, a city in Clinton County, Ohio, United States.	Clinton Field	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horbury is a large village in the City of Wakefield, a metropolitan district of West Yorkshire, England and part of the West Yorkshire Urban Area.	Horbury	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Dorligo della Valle (Slovene: Dolina) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Trieste in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 4 kilometres (2.5 miles) southeast of Trieste, on the border with Slovenia.	San Dorligo della Valle	Province of Trieste
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salduz Kola-ye Bala (Persian: سالدوزكلابالا‎, also Romanized as Sāldūz Kolā-ye Bālā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District, in the Central District of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salduz Kola-ye Bala	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kootenay Lake Ferry is a ferry across the Kootenay Lake in British Columbia, Canada.	Kootenay Lake Ferry	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qabgholucheh (Persian: قبغلوچه‎, also Romanized as Qabgholūcheh; also known as Qabgholūjeh) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qabgholucheh	Mir Deh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Interior Museum is a museum operated by the United States Department of the Interior and housed at the Department's headquarters at the Stewart Lee Udall Main Interior Building in Washington, D.C., on the first floor.	Interior Museum	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamen Jan (Persian: ضامن جان‎, also Romanized as Ẕāmen Jān; also known as Jamunjān and Zāmerjān) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zamen Jan	Sedeh Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuy-e Gholam Hoseynlu (Persian: بنكوي غلامحسينلو‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Gholām Ḩoseynlū) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bonkuy-e Gholam Hoseynlu	Aviz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lopez Island is the third largest of the San Juan Islands & an unincorporated town in San Juan County, Washington, United States.	Lopez Island	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shekta (Persian: شكتا‎, also Romanized as Shektā and Sheketā; also known as Shegtā) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shekta	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fetreh Zamin (Persian: فطره زمين‎, also Romanized as Feţreh Zamīn; also known as Vatreh Zamīn) is a village in Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Fetreh Zamin	Zhavarud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Møysalen is a mountain that is located on the border of the municipalities of Sortland and Lødingen in Nordland county, Norway.	Møysalen	Sortland	Lødingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDVR (89.7 FM) is a community radio station serving parts of western New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania in the United States.	WDVR	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helston Water is a hamlet northwest of Carnon Downs in Cornwall, England.	Helston Water	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zir-e Zarrin Choqa (Persian: زيرزرين چقا‎‎, also Romanized as Zīr-e Zarrīn Choqā) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zir-e Zarrin Choqa	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frandor Shopping Center, in Lansing, Michigan, is located at the very eastern edge of the city bordering the neighboring city of East Lansing and freeway US-127.	Frandor Shopping Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yel Cheshmeh-ye Sofla (Persian: يل چشمه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Yel Cheshmeh-ye Soflá; also known as Yel Cheshmeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yel Cheshmeh-ye Sofla	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Preston is an unincorporated community located in eastern Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, in Canada.	North Preston	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soldier's Rest is a historic farmhouse located in Berryville, Clarke County, Virginia.	Soldier's Rest	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keder (Persian: كدر‎; also known as Kowr) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Keder	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spartanburg Downtown Memorial Airport (IATA: SPA, ICAO: KSPA, FAA LID: SPA) is a general aviation airport located in the city of Spartanburg, South Carolina.	Spartanburg Downtown Memorial Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glewice (ɡlɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Glewitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Glewice	Gmina Goleniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Transport and Communication (PT: Museu dos Transportes e Comunicações) is a museum in Porto founded in 1992.	Museum of Transport and Communication	Porto
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Charles Airport (FAA LID: 3SQ) was a privately owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (7.41 km) north of the central business district of the City of St. Charles in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.	St. Charles Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tighen-e Olya (Persian: تيغن عليا‎, also Romanized as Tīghen-e ``Olyā) is a village in Meydavud Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 563, in 110 families.	Tighen-e Olya	Meydavud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Beach Island Consolidated School District is a regional consolidated public school district which serves students in Kindergarten through sixth grade from five communities bordering the Atlantic Ocean on Long Beach Island, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Long Beach Island Consolidated School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahardah Jofteh (Persian: چهارده جفته‎, also Romanized as Chahārdah Jofteh) is a village in Harasam Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chahardah Jofteh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonopah Test Range (TTR), is a restricted military installation located about 30 miles (48 km) southeast of Tonopah, Nevada.	Tonopah Test Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frederico Westphalen is a southern Brazilian city located in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Frederico Westphalen	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodangal is a Town and Mandal in Mahbubnagar district, Telangana.	Kodangal	Mahbubnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myślin (ˈmɨɕlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Myślin	Gmina Bieżuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flugausstellung Hermeskeil is a private aviation museum in the town of Hermeskeil in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Flugausstellung Hermeskeil	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boughrood Brest is a in the community of Glasbury-on-Wye, Powys, Wales, which is 39 miles (62 km) from Cardiff and 138 miles (222 km) from London.	Boughrood Brest	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weehawken High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in seventh through twelfth grade from Weehawken, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Weehawken School District.	Weehawken High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Khvarazm-e Olya (Persian: باباخوارزم عليا‎, also Romanized as Bābā Khvārazm-e ``Olyā) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 5 families.	Baba Khvarazm-e Olya	Jayedar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Moran House was the East Hampton, New York home of Thomas Moran, 1837--1926, an American painter of the Hudson River School, known for his landscape paintings in the American West.	Thomas Moran House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curry Rivel is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Somerton and 10 miles (16.1 km) east of Taunton in the South Somerset district.	Curry Rivel	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace Murray Hopper Park is a small memorial park in Arlington, Virginia.	Grace Murray Hopper Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fengnan District (simplified Chinese: 丰南区; traditional Chinese: 豐南區; pinyin: Fēngnán Qū) is a district of Tangshan, Hebei, China.	Fengnan District	Tangshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutli Tamak (Persian: توتلي تمك‎, also Romanized as Tūtlī Tamaḵ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tutli Tamak	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbent is a French commune in the department of Ain in the Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.	Arbent	Ain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algarvia is a civil parish in the municipality of Nordeste, on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese Azores.	Algarvia	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar Qaranqu (Persian: حصارقرانقو‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Qarānqū; also known as Ḩeşār and Ḩeşār Qarānlū) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hesar Qaranqu	Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St.Joseph's College, Moolamattom, is a liberal arts and science college in the Idukki district of the Indian state of Kerala.	St.Joseph's College, Moolamattom	Idukki district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unexpected Productions (UP) is an improvisational comedy company in Seattle, Washington, USA.	Unexpected Productions	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quernmore (pronounced ``kwor-mer'') is a village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in Lancashire, England.	Quernmore	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Hack Lift is a lift bridge carrying the New Jersey Transit Morristown Line across the Hackensack River at mile 3.4, Jersey City, New Jersey.	Lower Hack Lift	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Webster Rock School is an historic school building located NC 116 / Main St., at Webster, Jackson County, North Carolina.	Webster Rock School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lights Before Christmas is an annual event that happens once a year at the Toledo Zoo in Toledo, Ohio.	The Lights Before Christmas	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Juniper Prairie Wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the Ocala National Forest in Florida, USA.	Juniper Prairie Wilderness	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razvar (Persian: رضور‎; also known as Razdar and Zarūr) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Razvar	Heshmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burghead (Scots: Burgheid or The Broch, Scottish Gaelic: Am Broch) is a small town in Moray, Scotland, about 8 miles (13 km) north-west of Elgin.	Burghead	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKTI-FM is a First Nations community radio station in Canada, playing a mixture of country and classic rock music broadcasting at 107.7 FM in Kettle Point, Ontario.	CKTI-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Tyler Morgan House is a historic Greek Revival-style house in Selma, Alabama, United States.	John Tyler Morgan House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartąg (ˈbartɔnk) (German: Bertung) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bartąg	Gmina Stawiguda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzemity (kʂɛˈmitɨ) (German Kremitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krzemity	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosemary Hill Observatory (RHO) is an astronomical observatory located near the town of Bronson, Florida (USA), about 38 kilometers (24 mi) southwest of Gainesville, Florida.	Rosemary Hill Observatory	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valfenera is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Turin and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Asti.	Valfenera	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treptow (German pronunciation: (ˈtʁeːptoː)) is a former borough in the southeast of Berlin.	Treptow	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salò (Italian: (saˈlɔ)) is a town and comune in the Province of Brescia in the region of Lombardy (northern Italy) on the banks of Lake Garda, on which it has the longest promenade.	Salò	Province of Brescia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodeli is a town and a taluka in Chhota Udaipur district in the eastern part of the state of Gujarat, India.	Bodeli	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwileń (ˈkfilɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kwileń	Gmina Chocz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philadelphia Military Academy at Leeds (PMA) is a military school in the Cedarbrook neighborhood of North Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Philadelphia Military Academy at Leeds	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joachimów (jɔaˈximuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Joachimów	Gmina Siedlce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sør-Varanger (Northern Sami: Máttá-Várjjat, Kven: Etelä-Varenki, Finnish: Etelä-Varanki, Russian: Сёр-Варангер) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Sør-Varanger	Finnmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azdi Bastak the small village from Central District (Persian: بخش مركزى‎‎) in the city of Bastak (Bastak County شهرستان بستک) Hormozgan Province.	Azdi Bastak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mabad (Persian: معبد‎, also Romanized as Ma``bad) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 6 families.	Mabad	Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ross Priory is an early 19th-century country house located west of Gartocharn, West Dunbartonshire, on the south shore of Loch Lomond, Scotland.	Ross Priory	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orczów (ˈɔrt͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Orczów	Gmina Łopuszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vance Air Force Base (IATA: END, ICAO: KEND, FAA LID: END) is a United States Air Force base located in southern Enid, Oklahoma, about 65 mi (105 km) north northwest of Oklahoma City.	Vance Air Force Base	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tetbury is a small town and civil parish within the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire, England.	Tetbury	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	15 Broad Street is a former office building now containing luxury apartments, on the northeast corner of Exchange Place with entrances at 51 Exchange Place and 37 Wall Street in Manhattan.	15 Broad Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloomfield Tech High School (also Essex County Bloomfield Tech or Bloomfield Tech) is a regional public high school located in Bloomfield, that offers occupational and academic instruction for students in Essex County, New Jersey, United States, as part of the Essex County Vocational Technical Schools.	Bloomfield Tech High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodferin is a former civil parish in the Welsh county of Gwynedd.	Bodferin	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge is a 5,400-acre (22 km2) National Wildlife Refuge made up of several parcels of land along 50 miles (80 km) of Maine's southern coast.	Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklandwood, or Brookland Wood, is a historic home located on the grounds of St. Paul`s School for Boys, in Brooklandville, Baltimore County, Maryland.	Brooklandwood	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Littleton Main Street is a historic district located along W. Main Street, from South Curtice Street, to South Sycamore Street in Littleton, Colorado.	Littleton Main Street	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sauvere is a village in Lääne-Saare Parish in Saare County in western Estonia.	Sauvere	Lääne-Saare Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nożyno (nɔˈʐɨnɔ) (German: Groß Nossin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nożyno	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heolgerrig (Welsh for ``stony road''; formerly ``Pen-yr-Heolgerrig'') is a small village in Merthyr Tydfil County Borough, Wales, adjacent to the recently constructed Cyfarthfa Retail Park.	Heolgerrig	Merthyr Tydfil
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gap Puche Cabin is a log cabin near Jackson, Wyoming that is the last survivor of the early outfitting industry in Jackson Hole.	Gap Puche Cabin	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donja Brštanica (Serbian: Доња Брштаница) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donja Brštanica	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogdand (Hungarian: Bogdánd; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈboɡdaːnd)) is a commune in Satu Mare County in Transylvania, Romania.	Bogdand	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Egloshayle (pronounced ``eglos-hale''Cornish: Eglosheyl -- eglos meaning church and heyl meaning estuary) is a civil parish and village in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Egloshayle	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cox-Hord House is a three story brick structure in Maysville, Kentucky designed by Cincinnati architect, Edwin Anderson, and built in 1880 at a cost of $49,000.	Cox-Hord House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramseh-ye Yek (Persian: رامسه يك‎) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ramseh-ye Yek	Tarrah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarata Canton (Quechua: T'arata) is one of the cantons of the Tarata Municipality, the first municipal section of the Esteban Arce Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.	Tarata Canton	Tarata Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Republican Primitive Baptist Church is a historic African-American church of the Primitive Baptist tradition located in rural Haywood County, Tennessee, about 10 miles west of Brownsville.	Republican Primitive Baptist Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adıyaman Province (Turkish: Adıyaman ili is a province) in south-central Turkey.	Adıyaman Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fasnia is a town and a municipality in the eastern part of the Spanish island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife.	Fasnia	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	University Hospital Coventry is a large National Health Service (NHS) hospital situated in the Walsgrave on Sowe area of Coventry, West Midlands, England, 4 miles (6.4 km) from the city centre.	University Hospital Coventry	Walsgrave
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aloe Army Airfield is an abandoned airfield located 7 miles (11 km) west of Victoria, Texas.	Aloe Army Airfield	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hainford (originally Haynford) is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk.	Hainford	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Madrid Central Mosque (Spanish: Mezquita Central de Madrid) or Abu-Bakr Mosque is a building located in Cuatro Caminos neighborhood of Tetuán district.	Madrid Central Mosque	Cuatro Caminos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alsószölnök (Slovene: Dolnji Senik, German: Unterzemming, Latin: Zelnuk Inferior) is a village in Vas County, Hungary.	Alsószölnök	Vas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koce Borowe (ˈkɔt͡sɛ bɔˈrɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudka, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koce Borowe	Gmina Rudka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meydan-e Tafalli (Persian: ميدان طفلي‎, also Romanized as Meydān-e Tafallī; also known as Meydān Ţoflī) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Meydan-e Tafalli	Dasht-e Hor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	MarketFair Mall is a shopping mall in West Windsor, New Jersey, though with a Princeton address.	MarketFair Mall	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pont Ceri is a small village in the community of Llandyfriog, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 68.4 miles (110.1 km) from Cardiff and 190 miles (305.7 km) from London.	Pont Ceri	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sugarwell Court is a hall of residence of Leeds Beckett University located off Meanwood Road in the Meanwood area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Sugarwell Court	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manchester Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic Cumberland Presbyterian congregation in Manchester, Tennessee.	Manchester Cumberland Presbyterian Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Sarnen (German: Sarnersee) is a lake in the Swiss canton of Obwalden.	Lake Sarnen	Obwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yale Repertory Theatre at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut was founded by Robert Brustein, dean of Yale School of Drama, in 1966, with the goal of facilitating a meaningful collaboration between theatre professionals and talented students.	Yale Repertory Theatre	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bush Tower, also called the Bush Terminal International Exhibit Building is a historic thirty-story skyscraper located just east of Times Square at 130-132 West 42nd Street between Broadway and Sixth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Bush Tower	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Chapman is situated along the Tennessee-North Carolina border, with Sevier County to the north and Swain County to the south.	Mount Chapman	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	S. Giorgio Castle is a castle in the municipality of Magliaso in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	S. Giorgio Castle	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cranbrook Educational Community, a National Historic Landmark, in the US state of Michigan was founded in the early 20th century by newspaper mogul George Gough Booth.	Cranbrook Educational Community	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Abbas Ali (Persian: چم عباسعلي‎, also Romanized as Cham-e ʿAbbās ʿAlī) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Cham-e Abbas Ali	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mithymna (Greek pronunciation: (ˈmiθimna)) (Greek: Μήθυμνα, also sometimes spelled Methymna) is a town and former municipality on the island of Lesbos, North Aegean, Greece.	Mithymna	Lesbos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damdameh (Persian: دامدامه‎, also Romanized as Dāmdāmeh) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Damdameh	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadkówka (satˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sadkówka	Gmina Michałów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuanku Abdul Rahman Stadium (STAR; Malay: Stadium Tuanku Abdul Rahman) also known as STAR of Paroi is a multi-purpose stadium in Paroi, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Tuanku Abdul Rahman Stadium	Paroi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tule Springs Ranch and the remaining buildings are listed as a district on the United States National Register of Historic Places in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Tule Springs Ranch	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrisburg International Airport (IATA: MDT, ICAO: KMDT, FAA LID: MDT) is a public airport in Lower Swatara Township, Pennsylvania, nine miles (15 km) southeast of Harrisburg.	Harrisburg International Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Way is a dry saline lake located in the Mid West region of Western Australia, approximately 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of Wiluna.	Lake Way	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre sportif Léonard-Grondin (historically known as the Aréna Léonard-Grondin and Palais des sports) is the main sport venue and the main arena in Granby, Quebec.	Centre sportif Léonard-Grondin	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rüeggisberg Priory (Kloster Rüeggisberg) was a Cluniac priory in the municipality of Rüeggisberg, Canton of Bern, Switzerland.	Rüeggisberg Priory	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhu'e (Chinese: 祝阿镇) is a town in Qihe County, Dezhou, in northwestern Shandong province, China.	Zhu'e	Qihe County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoneridge Shopping Center is an upscale regional shopping mall located in Pleasanton, California.	Stoneridge Shopping Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dierona (Greek: Διερώνα) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 2 km south of Arakapas.	Dierona	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Figueroa Street is a street in Los Angeles County, California named for General José Figueroa (1792 -- 29 September 1835), governor of Alta California from 1833 to 1835, who oversaw the secularization of the missions of California.	Figueroa Street	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque, also known as the King Fahd bin Abdulaziz al-Saud Mosque or the Mosque of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, is a mosque located at Europa Point in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, a peninsula connected to southern Spain.	Ibrahim-al-Ibrahim Mosque	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulster and Delaware Railroad Depot and Mill Complex is a historic railroad depot and national historic district located at Roxbury in Delaware County, New York.	Ulster and Delaware Railroad Depot and Mill Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavertet is a small town located above some cliffs, 900m above sea level, in the area known as Collsacabra, north of the Guilleries, in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia.	Tavertet	Osona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilshire Ward Chapel, formerly known as the Hollywood Stake Tabernacle, is a meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Los Angeles, California.	Wilshire Ward Chapel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delaware Water Gap Toll Bridge (also known as the Interstate 80 Toll Bridge) is a toll bridge that carries Interstate 80 across the Delaware River at the Delaware Water Gap, connecting Hardwick Township, Warren County, New Jersey and Delaware Water Gap, Monroe County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Delaware Water Gap Toll Bridge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wypnicha (vɨpˈnixa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wypnicha	Gmina Michów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huai Khrai (Thai: ห้วยไคร้, pronounced (hûaj.kʰráj); Northern Thai: pronounced (hűaj.xáj)) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Sai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Huai Khrai	Mae Sai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefiddasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان سفيددشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sefiddasht Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yek Dangeh (Persian: يكدانگه‎, also Romanized as Yek Dāngeh) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Yek Dangeh	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siwiki (ɕiˈviki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Siwiki	Gmina Zbójna
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is a special zone of the Oromia Region and is surrounded by Jimma Zone.	Jimma	Oromia Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lay-e Tarik (Persian: لاي تاريك‎, also Romanized as Lāy-e Tārīk) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Lay-e Tarik	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tefereth Israel Anshei Parksville Synagogue is a historic synagogue on Dead End Street in Parksville, Sullivan County, New York.	Tefereth Israel Anshei Parksville Synagogue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sion Hill is a National Historic Landmark in Havre de Grace, Maryland, notable as an example of high-style Federal architecture and as the home a family of prominent officers of the United States Navy.	Sion Hill	Havre de Grace
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kelton Apartments, is an historic 4-unit 2-story multi-family building located at 644-648 Kelton Avenue, in the Westwood neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Kelton Apartments	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fletcher Hills are a low mountain range in the Peninsular Ranges, in southwestern San Diego County, California.	Fletcher Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conowingo Dam (also Conowingo Hydroelectric Plant, Conowingo Hydroelectric Station) is a large hydroelectric dam in the lower Susquehanna River near the town of Conowingo, Maryland.	Conowingo Dam	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parzegan-e Sofla (Persian: پرزگان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Parzegān-e Soflá) is a village in Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Parzegan-e Sofla	Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camden Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 61A) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Camden, a city in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States.	Camden Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thirumullaivoyal is a fast developing residential neighbourhood in Chennai Metropolitan Area (Tamil: சென்னை மாநகர பரப்பு).	Thirumullaivoyal	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valu Kash (Persian: ولوكش‎, also Romanized as Valū Kash) is a village in Kaseliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valu Kash	Kaseliyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahankal, Kathmandu is a Village Development Committee in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Mahankal, Kathmandu	Kathmandu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fox Chapel Country Day School is an Independent nonsectarian coeducational primary day school located in Fox Chapel outside Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Fox Chapel Country Day School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sławin (ˈswavin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieroszewice, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sławin	Gmina Sieroszewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nur ol Din Mahalleh (Persian: نورالدين محله‎, also Romanized as Nūr ol Dīn Maḩalleh; also known as Nūr od Dīn Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nur ol Din Mahalleh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boone Hall Plantation and Gardens is an antebellum era plantation located in Mount Pleasant, Charleston County, South Carolina, U.S.A., and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Boone Hall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dom Kamar (Persian: دم كمر‎, also Romanized as Dom-e Kamar) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dom Kamar	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shobdon is a small village in Herefordshire, England, situated 15 miles north of Hereford and six miles west of Leominster.	Shobdon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achriesgill (Scottish Gaelic: Achadh Rìdhisgil) is a village that lies on the eastern bank of Loch Inchard in Lairg, Sutherland, in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Achriesgill	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moncestino (Monsëstin in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of Turin and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northwest of Alessandria.	Moncestino	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowpens National Battlefield or Cowpens National Battlefield Park is a unit of the National Park Service just east of Chesnee, South Carolina, and near the state line with North Carolina.	Cowpens National Battlefield	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Groton Leatherboard Company is a historic former factory complex at 6 W. Main Street in West Groton, Massachusetts.	Groton Leatherboard Company	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abercastle (Welsh: Abercastell) is a village in the Welsh language speaking area of Pembrokeshire, south-west Wales.	Abercastle	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Constitution Convention Museum State Park is a Florida State Park located just outside Port St. Joe, off US 98, in northwestern Florida.	Constitution Convention Museum State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation Adath Jeshurun is a historic synagogue, now serving as a church, at 397 Blue Hill Avenue in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Congregation Adath Jeshurun	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ainay is an area within the Presqu'ile district in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon, to the south of Place Bellecour and the north of Perrache.	Ainay	2nd arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2013 The Highland Council announced plans for a new super school to serve Ross shire which could result in Alness Academy closing and the primary schools being merged.	Alness	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansingburgh Village Burial Ground is a historic cemetery located in the Lansingburgh section of Troy in Rensselaer County, New York.	Lansingburgh Village Burial Ground	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yekaviyeh-ye Seh (Persian: يكاويه سه‎, also Romanized as Yekāvīyeh-ye Seh; also known as Lekāvīgeh-e Seh and Lekāvīgeh-ye Seh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Yekaviyeh-ye Seh	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łokacz Mały (ˈwɔkat͡ʂ ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łokacz Mały	Gmina Krzyż Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop McCort High School is a private, Catholic high school located in Johnstown, Pennsylvania in Cambria County.	Bishop McCort High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westcliff-on-Sea is a suburb of Southend-on-Sea, a seaside resort and unitary authority in Essex in south-east England.	Westcliff-on-Sea	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harding Home, in Marion, Ohio, was the residence of Warren G. Harding, twenty-ninth president of the United States.	Harding Home	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purzyce-Rozwory (puˈʐɨt͡sɛ rɔzˈvɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Purzyce-Rozwory	Gmina Grudusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plantation Estate is a single-story, wood frame, 5,000-square-foot (460 m2) Pacific Ocean-front house at 55 Kailuana Place in Kailua, Honolulu County, Hawaii, which President Barack Obama rented for use as a Winter White House during his Christmas vacations from 2008-2011.	Plantation Estate	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łowiczki (wɔˈvit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator, within Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łowiczki	Gmina Zator
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeysk (Russian: Ейск) is a port and a resort town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, situated on the shore of the Taganrog Gulf of the Sea of Azov.	Yeysk	Krasnodar Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astis (Astís in Occitan) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Astis	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newport Opera House is a historic civic building and performing arts venue at 20 Main Street in the heart of downtown Newport, the county seat of Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.	Newport Opera House	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGGO is an AM radio station located in Salamanca, New York, United States.	WGGO	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghoncheh Khoran (Persian: غنچه خوران‎, also Romanized as Ghoncheh Khorān; also known as Ghonchehkhoran) is a village in Niyarak Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ghoncheh Khoran	Niyarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Warford is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Little Warford	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corbridge is a village in Northumberland, England, 16 miles (26 km) west of Newcastle and 4 miles (6 km) east of Hexham.	Corbridge	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol Beh Bala Rural District (Persian: دهستان پل به بالا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pol Beh Bala Rural District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clausthal-Zellerfeld was the seat of the former Samtgemeinde (``collective municipality'') Oberharz.	Clausthal-Zellerfeld	Oberharz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Railway, Light and Power Sellwood Division Carbarn Office and Clubhouse, also known as Carmen's Clubhouse, in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon, is a former commercial transportation building listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	Portland Railway, Light and Power Sellwood Division Carbarn Office and Clubhouse	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Wurlali (also known as Mount Damar) is an andesitic stratovolcano on Damar Island in the Banda Arc system.	Mount Wurlali	Damar Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponders End is a mid-sized commercial and large residential district of the London Borough of Enfield, north London adjoining to its east the Lee Navigation in the mid-Lea Valley.	Ponders End	London Borough of Enfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waubonsie Valley High School, or WVHS, is a public four-year high school located at the corner of Ogden Avenue and Eola Road in Aurora, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Waubonsie Valley High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozubata (kɔzuˈbata) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kozubata	Gmina Urszulin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellevue Hill Park, owned and operated by the Cincinnati Park Board, is a city park in the neighborhood of Clifton Heights in Cincinnati, Ohio on Ohio Avenue.	Bellevue Hill Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibiraçu is the name of a municipality in the state of Espírito Santo, Brazil.	Ibiraçu	Espírito Santo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rothersthorpe is a small village of medieval origin, in South Northamptonshire, England, with a population of 500 in the 2001 Census.	Rothersthorpe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phan Chali (Thai: พันชาลี) is a subdistrict in the Wang Thong District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Phan Chali	Wang Thong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midu County (弥渡县; pinyin: Mídù Xiàn) is a county in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture located in western Yunnan Province, China.	Midu County	Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château du Freudeneck is a ruined medieval castle situated in the commune of Wangenbourg-Engenthal in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace, France.	Château du Freudeneck	Wangenbourg-Engenthal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumpula (Swedish: Gumtäkt) is a verdant neighbourhood in Helsinki, bordered by Eastern Pasila to the west, Vallila to the south, Käpylä and Koskela to the north and Toukola and Arabianranta to the east.	Kumpula	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cachoeiro de Itapemirim (local Portuguese pronunciation: (kaʃuˈe(j)ɽu ˌdʒiːtapemiˈɾĩj)) is a municipality and a major town, located in the south of Espírito Santo, Brazil, on the banks of the Itapemirim River.	Cachoeiro de Itapemirim	Espírito Santo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Działki Suskowolskie (ˈd͡ʑau̯ki suskɔˈvɔlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Działki Suskowolskie	Gmina Pionki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkuk District (Arabic: كركوك‎, Kurdish: Kirkûk‎, Turkish: Kerkük) is a district in northern central Kirkuk Governorate, Iraq.	Kirkuk District	Kirkuk Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Kuh (Persian: پس كوه‎, also Romanized as Pas Kūh; also known as Khers Kānlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pas Kuh	Sivkanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arzuvaj (Persian: ارزووج‎, also Romanized as Ārzūvaj, Arezūvaj, and Orzūvaj; also known as Āzrūvaj) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Arzuvaj	Korzan Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kang-e Zeytun (Persian: كنگزيتون‎, also Romanized as Kang-e Zeytūn) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kang-e Zeytun	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vandžiogala (Polish: Wędziagoła) is a small town in Kaunas County, Kaunas district municipality in central Lithuania.	Vandžiogala	Kaunas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDUK-FM (104.7 MHz) is a commercial contemporary hit radio music radio station licensed to Florence, Oregon and serving the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area.	KDUK-FM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peleg Champlin House is an historic house on Rodman Pond Lane in western New Shoreham, on Block Island, in Rhode Island.	Peleg Champlin House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marhemetabad District (Persian: بخش مرحمت‌آباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marhemetabad District	Miandoab County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Named after one of the 12 major clans of the Oromo people (the Babille Oromo), it is located in the Misraq Hararghe Zone of the Oromia Region, 30 kilometers east of Harar.	Babille	Misraq Hararghe Zone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleet's Hall is a building that once stood in Oyster Bay, New York, that had important local, statewide, and national significance.	Fleet's Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staunton State Park is a Colorado state park in Park and Jefferson counties, located 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Conifer, Colorado.	Staunton State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spillimacheen is an unincorporated settlement in the Columbia Valley of British Columbia, Canada.	Spillimacheen	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oshawa Centre, located at King Street and Stevenson Road, is a two-storey shopping mall located in the City of Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.	Oshawa Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasrabad Seyyed Hatam (Persian: نصراباد سيدحاتم‎, also Romanized as Naşrābād Seyyed Ḩātam; also known as Naşrābād Seyyed) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nasrabad Seyyed Hatam	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahaki (Persian: ماهكي‎, also Romanized as Māhakī) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahaki	Aseminun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial, formerly named the Custis-Lee Mansion, is a Greek revival style mansion located in Arlington, Virginia, USA that was once the home of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.	Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahrudi (Persian: بحرودي‎, also Romanized as Baḩrūdī) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bahrudi	Darbqazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matterhorn Peak is located in the Sierra Nevada, in the western U.S. state of California, at the northern boundary of Yosemite National Park.	Matterhorn Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botanischer Garten Schellerhau (1.4 hectares) is a botanical garden located near the hamlet of Schellerhau at Hauptstrasse 41, Altenberg, Saxony, Germany.	Botanischer Garten Schellerhau	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Sammamish State Park is a park at the south end of Lake Sammamish, in King County, Washington, United States.	Lake Sammamish State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burj Attari is a town located only 14 km from Lahore at Lahore-Jaranwala Road, Pakistan and 8 km from Shahdara, but it is in the Sheikhupura District, Punjab (Pakistan).	Burj Attari	Sheikhupura District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Traverse Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Traverse City, Michigan, located in Garfield Township.	Grand Traverse Mall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciemnica (t͡ɕemˈnit͡sa) (German: Temnitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ciemnica	Gmina Trzebielino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Desert Island (often abbreviated MDI), in Hancock County, Maine, is the largest island off the coast of Maine.	Mount Desert Island	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Yusef Ali (Persian: قشلاق يوسفعلي‎‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Yūsef ʿAlī) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Yusef Ali	Khoshkrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pervan Donji (Serbian Cyrillic: Перван Доњи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pervan Donji	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenarcice (lɛnarˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) (Czech: Linhartovy, German: Geppersdorf) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Lenarcice	Gmina Głubczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaitseve (Ukrainian: Зайцеве; Russian: Зайцево) is an urban-type settlement in Mykytivskyi District of Horlivka, a part of Donetsk Oblast in Ukraine.	Zaitseve	Horlivka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viento State Park is a state park in north central Hood River County, Oregon, near the city of Hood River.	Viento State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mechanic Street Historic District is a 147-acre (59 ha) historic district consisting of 14 blocks in the Pawcatuck section of Stonington, Connecticut.	Mechanic Street Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat Siah (Persian: قناتسياه‎, also Romanized as Qanāt Sīāh, Qanāt-e Sīāh, Qanāt Seyah, and Qanāt Sīyāh; also known as Ghanat Siyah) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanat Siah	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buster Boyd Bridge is a four-lane automobile bridge spanning the Catawba River/Lake Wylie between Lake Wylie, York County, South Carolina and Steele Creek, Mecklenburg County, North Carolina.	Buster Boyd Bridge	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chojnice County (Polish: powiat chojnicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Chojnice County	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasknarva (Russian: Сыренец, Syrenets; German: Neuschloss) is a village in Alajõe Parish, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.	Vasknarva	Alajõe Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elbląg Canal ((ˈɛlblɔŋk), Polish: Kanał Elbląski, German: Oberländischer Kanal) is a canal in Poland, in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, 80.5 km in length, which runs southward from Lake Drużno (connected by the river Elbląg to the Vistula Lagoon), to the river Drwęca and lake Jeziorak.	Elbląg Canal	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geysvarnusazi (Persian: گيسورنوسازي‎, also Romanized as Geysvarnūsāzī) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Geysvarnusazi	Pas Kalut Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azhdarlu (Persian: اژدرلو‎, also Romanized as Azhdarlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Azhdarlu	Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Also known as Friedhof Fluntern, Fluntern Cemetery is located in the Zürichberg district of Zürich.	Fluntern Cemetery	Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Priest Island (Scottish Gaelic: Eilean a' Chlèirich) is a small, uninhabited island in the Summer Isles off the west coast of Scotland.	Priest Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyaikto Township (Burmese: ကျိုက်ထိုမြို့နယ်) is a township of Thaton District in the Mon State of Myanmar.	Kyaikto Township	Thaton District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magic Valley Christian College (42°24′48``N 113°35′02''W) was an institution of higher learning located in Albion, in the U.S. state of Idaho.	Magic Valley Christian College	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burmis Tree is a limber pine located in south western Alberta in the community of Burmis, Alberta, along the Crowsnest Highway and east of municipality of Crowsnest Pass.	Burmis Tree	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Pari (Persian: كاني پري‎‎, also Romanized as Kānī Parī) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Pari	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's Way Trust School is a mixed comprehensive 4-18 all-through school in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	St Paul's Way Trust School	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	KATY-FM (101.3 FM, 101.3 The Mix), is a commercial Adult Contemporary music radio station in Temecula, California, USA, broadcasting and super serving to the south-western portion of the Riverside-San Bernardino, California area.	KATY-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musabeyli, formerly Murat Höyük, ((Murathöyüğü)) is a district and city of Kilis Province of Turkey.	Musabeyli	Kilis Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilteh-ye Dudera (Persian: چيلته دودرا‎, also Romanized as Chīlteh-ye Dūderā''; also known as Chīlteh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chilteh-ye Dudera	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heartland of America Park is a public park located at 800 Douglas Street in downtown Omaha, Nebraska, USA.	Heartland of America Park	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acquasanta Terme (Latin: Ad Aquas) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Ascoli Piceno in the Italian region Marche, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) south of Ancona and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Ascoli Piceno.	Acquasanta Terme	Province of Ascoli Piceno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moncton City Council () is the governing body of the City of Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Moncton City Council	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wujówka (vuˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wujówka	Gmina Jadów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Starogród (ˈnɔvɨ staˈrɔɡrut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Starogród	Gmina Siennica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trojaki (trɔˈjaki) (German: Drillinge) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trojaki	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebernoe is a hamlet and civil parish in the District of Chichester in West Sussex, England located six kilometres (4 miles) north of Petworth near the A283 road.	Ebernoe	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Postawelek (pɔstaˈvɛlɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Postawelek	Gmina Szypliszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sojat is a city, a municipality and Tehsil headquarters in Pali district of Rajasthan state.	Sojat	Pali district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Recław (ˈrɛt͡swaf) (German Hagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Recław	Gmina Wolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	John C. Tune Airport (ICAO: KJWN, FAA LID: JWN) is a public airport located in the western portion of the city of Nashville in Davidson County, Tennessee, United States.	John C. Tune Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northleach with Eastington is a civil parish in the English county of Gloucestershire that includes the town of Northleach and the hamlet of Eastington, about 1½ miles SE of the town.	Northleach with Eastington	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Shir Khan (Persian: ده شيرخان‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Shīr Khān and Deh Shīr Khān) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Deh-e Shir Khan	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSVG is a News/Talk/Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Mount Jackson, Virginia, serving Woodstock and most Shenandoah County, Virginia.	WSVG	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carwynnen Quoit (grid reference SW650372) is a dolmen belonging to the Neolithic period, at Carwynnen near Camborne in west Cornwall.	Carwynnen Quoit	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht Avzar (Persian: دشت اوزر‎) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dasht Avzar	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Takht-e Seh (Persian: پاتخت سه‎‎, also Romanized as Pā Takht-e Seh, meaning ``Pa Takht 3'') is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pa Takht-e Seh	Kakasharaf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklyn Frontiers High School is an alternative high school operated by the New York City Board of Education which opened in 2011.	Brooklyn Frontiers High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarasqaveh Qobarestan (Persian: سرسقاوه قبرستان‎, also Romanized as Sarasqāveh Qobarestān) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarasqaveh Qobarestan	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ross Fork Episcopal Church (also known as Good Shepherd Mission) is a historic church on Mission Road in Fort Hall, Idaho, in the Fort Hall Reservation.	Ross Fork Episcopal Church	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckner Cave is located in the karst topography of the Crawford Upland in Monroe County, Indiana, United States just outside Bloomington.	Buckner Cave	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uniegoszcz (uˈɲeɡɔʂt͡ʂ) (German: Alt Bertelsdorf, 1936-45: Bertelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubań, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Uniegoszcz	Gmina Lubań
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kitsk (Armenian: Կիցք; formerly Kirs Armenian: Քիրս) is a village in the rural community of Geghi, Syunik Province, Armenia.	Kitsk	Geghi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lak Tarash (Persian: لاک تراش‎, also Romanized as Lāk Tarāsh and Lākterāsh) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lak Tarash	Peyrajeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogra Sadar Upazila (Bengali: বগুড়া সদর উপজেলা) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi, Bangladesh.	Bogra Sadar Upazila	Bogra District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwegian County Road 709 (Norwegian: Fylkesvei 709, abbreviated as Fv709) is a county road which runs between the villages of Børsa and Hove in the municipality of Skaun in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Norwegian County Road 709	Sør-Trøndelag
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balfour Downs Station is a pastoral lease and cattle station located approximately 132 kilometres (82 mi) northeast of Newman, 88 kilometres (55 mi) east of Roy Hill and 108 kilometres (67 mi) southeast of Nullagine in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Balfour Downs Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tak-e Banestan (Persian: تك بنستان‎, also Romanized as Tak-e Banestān; also known as Tak Nabestūn and Tak Banestū) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tak-e Banestan	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary with St Alban is the Church of England parish church of Teddington in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St Mary with St Alban	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPHB is a commercially licensed AM radio station, serving Philipsburg, Pennsylvania in Centre County.	WPHB	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norvall Hunter Farm is a historic farmstead on the edge of the village of Mechanicsburg, Ohio, United States.	Norvall Hunter Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwalmstadt is the largest town in the Schwalm-Eder district, in northern Hesse, Germany.	Schwalmstadt	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennies Hill Road Bridge is an iron bowstring arch bridge over Catoctin Creek near Middletown, Maryland, United States.	Bennies Hill Road Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frank Melville Memorial Park is a privately run, publicly accessible park surrounding the Melville Mill Pond in Setauket, New York.	Frank Melville Memorial Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruton High School is a high school located east of Williamsburg in the unincorporated community of Lightfoot in York County, Virginia.	Bruton High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trondhjem Norwegian Lutheran Church is a historic church in Webster Township, Minnesota, built in 1899.	Trondhjem Norwegian Lutheran Church	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahurak (Persian: ماهورك‎, also Romanized as Māhūrak; also known as Māhūzak and Mūrak) is a village in Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mahurak	Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estevan/Bryant Airport, (TC LID: CKS6), was located 16 nautical miles (30 km; 18 mi) northwest of Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Estevan/Bryant Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konfeh (Persian: كنفه‎; also kown as Konfeh-ye Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Konfeh	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coalhurst (originally named Bridgend) is a town in southern Alberta, Canada.	Coalhurst	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 4 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 4گزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 4 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 4 Gazabad	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Basht (Persian: دره باشت‎, also Romanized as Darreh Bāsht and Darreh-ye Bāsht) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Basht	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dudley B. Menzies Bridge is a dedicated LRT bridge crossing the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Dudley B. Menzies Bridge	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside Fox Theater, also known as the Fox Performing Arts Center, was built in 1929, and is a Spanish Colonial Revival style building in the heart of downtown Riverside, California.	Fox Performing Arts Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeSoto Lake is a reservoir in Floyd County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.	DeSoto Lake	Floyd County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dovarjin (Persian: دورجين‎, also Romanized as Dovarjīn, Doorjin, and Dūrjīn; also known as Lamājīn) is a village in Vilkij-e Markazi Rural District, Vilkij District, Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dovarjin	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dibbapalem is located at 17°37′43``N 83°14′10''E. This village comes under the Greater Visakhapatnam Corporation in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Dibbapalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzynno (ˈkʂɨnnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Krzynno	Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lauder Business School is a business school in Vienna, Austria, operating as a ``University of Applied Sciences'' in the Austrian education system.	Lauder Business School	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Wyalkatchem is a local government area located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.	Shire of Wyalkatchem	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Two Medicine Lake is located partly in Glacier National Park as well as on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation, in the U. S. state of Montana.	Lower Two Medicine Lake	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjurbäck Church (Swedish: Bjurbäcks kyrka) is a church building in Mullsjö Municipality in Sweden, located on the northeastern shorelines of the Lake Näs.	Bjurbäck Church	Mullsjö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isleta Diversion Dam is a structure on the Rio Grande in the Albuquerque Basin near Isleta Village Proper, New Mexico that diverts water from the river into irrigation canals.	Isleta Diversion Dam	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore Career Academy is a public high school located in Baltimore, Maryland that offers both academic and skills training in an alternative learning environment.	Baltimore Career Academy	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allegheny Portage Railroad was the first railroad constructed through the Allegheny Mountains in central Pennsylvania, United States.	Allegheny Portage Railroad	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tooele Applied Technology College (TATC) is a public technical training institution located in Tooele, Utah and is a part of the Utah College of Applied Technology.	Tooele Applied Technology College	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKAZ-FM is a Variety (radio) formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Miami, West Virginia, serving Metro Charleston.	WKAZ-FM	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elkhorn Band Shell is a band shell located in Sunset Park in Elkhorn, Wisconsin.	Elkhorn Band Shell	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rentschler Farm Museum is a historic site located at 1265 East Michigan Avenue near downtown Saline, Michigan.	Rentschler Farm Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bordeaux Prison (French: Prison de Bordeaux), is a provincial prison in Montreal, Quebec, Canada It is located at 800 Gouin Boulevard West in the borough of Ahuntsic-Cartierville.	Bordeaux Prison	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gottenhouse (German: Gottenhausen) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Gottenhouse	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błomino-Jeże (bwɔˈminɔ ˈjɛʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Błomino-Jeże	Gmina Dzierzążnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizaj-e Jalu (Persian: ديزج جالو‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Jālū; also known as Dīzaj-e Chālū) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Jalu	Bozkosh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mitcham Road Cemetery, previously called Croydon Cemetery, is a cemetery located next to Mitcham Common near Croydon, which is part of the London Borough of Croydon, London.	Croydon Cemetery	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurbaz-e Olya (Persian: شوربازعليا‎, also Romanized as Shūrbāz-e ``Olyā; also known as Shūrbāz) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 59 families.	Shurbaz-e Olya	Bezenjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shops at Billerica (formerly known as Billerica Mall) is a strip mall and former enclosed shopping mall located in Billerica, Massachusetts.	Shops at Billerica	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowidlino (kash. Gòwidlëno) (ɡɔviˈdlinɔ) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gowidlino	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badów Górny (ˈbaduf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Badów Górny	Gmina Mszczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland University (OU) is a public university located in the cities of Auburn Hills and Rochester Hills, Michigan.	Oakland University	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bexbach Power Station is a coal-fired power station in the Bexbach municipality of Saarland, Germany.	Bexbach Power Station	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cicogni is a frazione of the comune of Pecorara (Province of Piacenza) in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 40 km southwest of Piacenza.	Cicogni	Pecorara
located in the administrative territorial entity	785 Fifth Avenue, usually called the Park Cinq, (Park-V), is a luxury, cooperative apartment building on Fifth Avenue at the corner of 60th Street in Manhattan.	Park Cinq	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bindużka (binˈduʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bindużka	Gmina Rzewnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbus Circle, named for Christopher Columbus, is a traffic circle and heavily trafficked intersection in the New York City borough of Manhattan, located at the intersection of Eighth Avenue, Broadway, Central Park South (West 59th Street), and Central Park West, at the southwest corner of Central Park.	Columbus Circle	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kluuvi (Swedish: Gloet) is the commercial centre of Helsinki, Finland, and a neighbourhood in the Vironniemi district of Helsinki.	Kluuvi	Vironniemi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monmouth Park Racetrack is an American race track for thoroughbred horse racing in Oceanport, New Jersey, United States.	Monmouth Park Racetrack	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porter Landing is a locality and former boom town at the foot of Dease Lake, British Columbia, Canada, in that province's far Northern Interior.	Porter Landing	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Ronge (Barber Field) Airport, (IATA: YVC, ICAO: CYVC), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) northeast of La Ronge, Saskatchewan, Canada.	La Ronge (Barber Field) Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xichou County (西畴县; pinyin: Xīchóu Xiàn) is located in Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Xichou County	Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The building at 302 Washington St. in Oregon, Illinois is part of trio of historic Italianate commercial buildings within the boundaries of the Oregon Commercial Historic District from 300-306 Washington.	302 Washington St.	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donut Hole is a bakery and landmark in La Puente, California.	The Donut Hole	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Pawłów (ˈstarɨ ˈpavwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Stary Pawłów	Gmina Janów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Pinellas County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in Clearwater, Florida, USA.	Old Pinellas County Courthouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Gaverne (Cornish: Porthkaveran) is a hamlet on the north coast of Cornwall, England, UK, about half a mile east of Port Isaac.	Port Gaverne	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCGR (1550 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format, simulcasting WFLK 101.7 FM Geneva, New York.	WCGR	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romankowo (rɔmanˈkɔvɔ) (German Romsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Romankowo	Gmina Sępopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartężek (barˈtɛ̃ʐɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bartężek	Gmina Morąg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kołaczów (kɔˈwat͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kołaczów	Gmina Dzierżoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Dasht (Persian: دهنو دشت‎) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District, Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Dasht	Harabarjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBYU (1450 AM) was a radio station licensed in New Orleans, Louisiana and served the New Orleans metropolitan area.	WBYU	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolleston is a neighborhood and former town in west-central Gary, Indiana.	Tolleston	Gary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamienice-Ślesice (kamjɛˈnit͡sɛ ɕlɛˈɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kamienice-Ślesice	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Studley Green is a hamlet located on the A40 between Piddington and Stokenchurch in Buckinghamshire, England.	Studley Green	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żniatyn (ˈʐɲatɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Żniatyn	Gmina Dołhobyczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uehlfeld is a municipality in the district of Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in the administrative region of Middle Franconia in northern Bavaria in Germany.	Uehlfeld	Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toronto Reference Library is located at 789 Yonge Street, one block north of Bloor Street, in Toronto, Ontario.	Toronto Reference Library	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol Mamun (Persian: پل مامون‎‎, also Romanized as Pol Māmūn) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pol Mamun	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menor's Ferry was a river ferry that crossed the Snake River near the present-day Moose, Wyoming, USA.	Menor's Ferry	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Jersey Museum of Agriculture was located in New Brunswick, New Jersey, and focused on the evolution of agriculture in New Jersey.	New Jersey Museum of Agriculture	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Dapper is a museum specializing in African art. It is located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris at 35 rue Paul Valéry, Paris, France, and open daily except Tuesdays; an admission fee is charged.	Musée Dapper	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aviation Building, also known as the Fritz Hotel, was a building located in Miami, Florida, United States.	Aviation Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	PNC Music Pavilion (originally Blockbuster Pavilion and formerly Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre) is an outdoor amphitheater in Charlotte, North Carolina, that specializes in hosting large concerts.	PNC Music Pavilion	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murray Middle School (formerly called Murray Junior High School) is a junior high school and a former high school in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.	Murray Middle School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilas (Persian: گيلاس‎, also Romanized as Gīlās) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gilas	Bala Larijan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daytona Beach Bandshell is an amphitheatre in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States.	Daytona Beach Bandshell	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pingluo County (simplified Chinese: 平罗县; traditional Chinese: 平羅縣; pinyin: Píngluóxiàn; Wade--Giles: P’ing-luo Hsien) is a county under the administration of Shizuishan city in Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Pingluo County	Shizuishan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aranyaprathet District (Thai: อรัญประเทศ) is a district (amphoe) in Sa Kaeo Province in Thailand.	Aranyaprathet District	Sa Kaeo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adlersberg is a hill in the Harz mountains of central Germany that lies south of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony.	Adlersberg	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapmanslade is a village and civil parish in the county of Wiltshire, in the southwest of England.	Chapmanslade	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordan Creek Town Center is a super-regional shopping mall and lifestyle center in the city of West Des Moines, Iowa.	Jordan Creek Town Center	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenspring Avenue is a road in Baltimore, Maryland and its northwestern suburbs.	Greenspring Avenue	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fancy Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CDX4) was located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) south southwest of Fancy Lake, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Fancy Lake Water Aerodrome	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totoket Mountain, with a high point of (est.) 720 feet (220 m) above sea level, is a traprock massif with several distinct summits, located 7 miles (11 km) northeast of New Haven, Connecticut.	Totoket Mountain	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Methodist Episcopal Parsonage (also known as the Marquez Residence) is a historic church parsonage at 202 Fourth Street in Dayton, Oregon.	Methodist Episcopal Parsonage	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Bard Lakla (Persian: سربردلكلا‎, also Romanized as Sar Bard Laḵlā) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Bard Lakla	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanięcino (staɲenˈt͡ɕinɔ) (Stóniãcëno, German Stantin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stanięcino	Gmina Słupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afsarabad (Persian: افسراباد‎, also Romanized as Afsarābād; also known as Tūtestān and Tūtūstān) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Afsarabad	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jey Shir (Persian: جي شير‎, also Romanized as Jey Shīr; also known as Jey Shīd) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jey Shir	Jey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Kazemi (Persian: محمدكاظمي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Kāz̧emī; also known as Qaryeh-e Moḩammad Kāz̧emī) is a village in Meydavud Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Kazemi	Meydavud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Togiak Lake is a 13-mile-long (21 km) lake in the U.S. state of Alaska, which extends South-West from mouth of Izavieknik River, 75 miles (121 km) North-East of Goodnews Bay, Kilbuck-Kuskokwim Mountains.	Togiak Lake	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Târgu Ocna (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌtɨrɡu ˈokna)) is a town in Bacău County, Romania, situated on the left bank of the Trotuş River, an affluent of the Siret, and on a branch railway which crosses the Ghimeş Pass from Moldavia into Transylvania.	Târgu Ocna	Bacău County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowlarestan (Persian: جولرستان‎, also Romanized as Jowlarestān; also known as Jolarestān) is a village in Abrisham Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jowlarestan	Abrisham Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	1600 Smith Street, (previously named Continental Center I and also known as Cullen Center Plaza) is a 51-story, 732-foot (223 m) office tower in Downtown Houston, Texas, United States.	1600 Smith Street	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bratków Dolny (ˈbratkuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bratków Dolny	Gmina Zadzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jemiołowo (jɛmjɔˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jemiołowo	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandyssil is a village in Powys, Wales, about two miles from the town of Montgomery.	Llandyssil	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piatt Park (est. 1817), is the oldest park in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Piatt Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avren Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Аврен) is a seaside municipality (obshtina) in Varna Province, Northeastern Bulgaria.	Avren Municipality	Varna Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltic Quay is a large residential development, located in Surrey Quays in the London Borough of Southwark.	Baltic Quay	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	IBM New York Scientific Center was a research facility in downtown Manhattan.	IBM New York Scientific Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papol-e Madian Rud (Persian: پاپل ماديان رود‎‎, also Romanized as Pāpol-e Mādīān Rūd; also known as Pāpol-e Mādīān and Pāpol) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Papol-e Madian Rud	Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 306 Broadway in Methuen, Massachusetts is a well-preserved example of a modest Greek Revival house built c. 1830.	House at 306 Broadway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunshine Marketplace (was to be called Market Towers) is a regional shopping centre in Sunshine, about 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Sunshine Marketplace	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jomo Kenyatta International Airport (IATA: NBO, ICAO: HKJK) is an international airport in Nairobi, the capital of and largest city in Kenya.	Jomo Kenyatta International Airport	Nairobi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polt Darbon (Persian: پلطداربن‎, also Romanized as Polţ Dārbon and Polt Dārbon; also known as Polt Dārīn) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Polt Darbon	Do Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flatbush Town Hall at 35 Snyder Avenue between Flatbush and Bedford Avenues in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City, is a historic town hall built in 1874-75 and designed by John Y. Culyer in the High Victorian Gothic style in the Ruskinian mode.	Flatbush Town Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arolsen Castle (German: Residenzschloss Arolsen) is a baroque styled Schloss in Bad Arolsen, Hesse, Germany.	Arolsen Castle	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiskunhalas (German: Hallasch) is a city in Bács-Kiskun County, Hungary.	Kiskunhalas	Bács-Kiskun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trimiklini (Greek: Τριμίκλινη) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 9 km south of Pano Platres.	Trimiklini	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ronco sopra Ascona is a municipality near Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Ronco sopra Ascona	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białogórzynko (bjawɔɡuˈʐɨnkɔ) (German: Bulgrin) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Białogórzynko	Gmina Białogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ohrekreis was a district (Kreis) in the north-east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Ohrekreis	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clairlea is a neighbourhood of Scarborough, in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Clairlea	Scarborough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homasar (Persian: هماسر‎, also Romanized as Homāsar) is a village in Lisar Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Homasar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolsa railway station (Finnish: Tolsan rautatieasema, Swedish: Tolls hållplats) is a station (actually only a halt) on the VR commuter rail network located in the town of Kirkkonummi, Finland, between the Jorvas and Kirkkonummi stations.	Tolsa railway station	Kirkkonummi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenape Valley Regional High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school and school district in serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from two municipalities in Sussex County and one in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Lenape Valley Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordeh Nab (Persian: كرده ناب‎, also Romanized as Kordeh Nāb; also known as Gerdeh Nāb, Kardahnāb, Karkhina, Kordeh Nof Eskand, and Kordnāb) is a village in Bonab Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kordeh Nab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manoir de Vrigné is a historic manor in Juigné-sur-Sarthe, Sarthe, France.	Manoir de Vrigné	Juigné-sur-Sarthe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirdarreh (Persian: سيردره‎, also Romanized as Sīrdarreh; also known as Gāv Godār) is a village in Pirsalman Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sirdarreh	Pirsalman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley View Bridge is a pair of steel multi-stringer highway girder bridges that carry Interstate 480 over the Cuyahoga River valley in Valley View and Independence, Ohio.	Valley View Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montana Mountain is a deeply eroded Late Cretaceous stratovolcano located south of Carcross, Yukon, Canada.	Montana Mountain	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wesley Theological Seminary is a United Methodist--affiliated seminary located in Washington, D.C., United States.	Wesley Theological Seminary	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dennisville Historic District is a historic district bounded by Petersburg Road, Main Street, Church Road, Hall Avenue, Fidler and Academy Roads, and Route 47 in the Dennisville section of Dennis Township, in Cape May County, New Jersey.	Dennisville Historic District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinglongtai District (simplified Chinese: 兴隆台区; traditional Chinese: 興隆台區; pinyin: Xīnglóngtái Qū) is a district under the administration of the city of Panjin, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Xinglongtai District	Panjin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thompson Speedway Motorsports Park (TSMP), formerly Thompson International Speedway, is a motorsports park in Thompson, Connecticut, featuring a 5⁄8-mile (1.0 km) paved oval racetrack and a 1.7-mile (2.7 km) road racing course.	Thompson Speedway Motorsports Park	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakh Chenar (Persian: شاخ چنار‎, also Romanized as Shākh Chenār) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shakh Chenar	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Contador Damiani, formerly Las Acacias, is a football stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay, inaugurated in 1916 and re-built in 1997.	Estadio Contador Damiani	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leland Castle (also known as Castle View) is a building in New Rochelle, New York.	Leland Castle	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gravina Island Highway is a 3.2-mile-long (5.1 km) gravel highway located on Gravina Island, in the Ketchikan Gateway Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Gravina Island Highway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Childerley, also known as Great Childerley and Little Childerly, was a small rural village in the county of Cambridgeshire in the East of England, United Kingdom.	Childerley	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXST (99.7 FM, ``Star 99.7'') is a Gold-based Urban Adult Contemporary radio station located in Charleston, South Carolina, but licensed by the FCC to the town of Hollywood, South Carolina.	WXST	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pacasmayo Province is one of twelve provinces of the La Libertad Region in Peru; also Pacasmayo is the name of one of its districts.	Pacasmayo Province	La Libertad Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahn-e Do Daran (Persian: كهن دودران‎, also Romanized as Kahn-e Do Darān) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahn-e Do Daran	Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Webers is a hamburger restaurant on Ontario Highway 11 near Orillia, Ontario.	Webers	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patoka River National Wildlife Refuge and Management Area established in 1994, is a collection of wildlife refuges and habitats situated along the Patoka River in Gibson and Pike Counties in southwestern Indiana.	Patoka River National Wildlife Refuge and Management Area	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Městečko Trnávka (German: Markt Türnau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Svitavy District (northwestern Moravia) in Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Městečko Trnávka	Svitavy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town Hill is a mountain range located in Allegany County, Maryland and Bedford and Fulton Counties in Pennsylvania.	Town Hill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapeau! is a restaurant located in Bloemendaal in the Netherlands.	Chapeau!	Bloemendaal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagot Road is a major arterial road in Darwin, Northern Territory Australia.	Bagot Road	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Missimer Wildflower Preserve is a protected native grassland in Napa County, California.	Missimer Wildflower Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çat is a town and district of Erzurum Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Çat	Erzurum Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tallimba is a town in the Central West area of New South Wales, Australia.	Tallimba	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wantisden is a small village and civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Wantisden	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schoonhoven (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsxoːnˌɦoːvə(n))) is a city and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Schoonhoven	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tempe Preparatory Academy is a public charter school in Tempe, a suburb of Phoenix, Arizona in the United States.	Tempe Preparatory Academy	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House of the Silver Wedding is the name given to the archaeological remains of a Roman house in Pompeii, buried in the ash from the 79 AD eruption of Mount Vesuvius.	House of the Silver Wedding	Pompeii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Venkatraopalle is a municipal village in Boinpalle mandal of Karimnagar district in the state of Telangana, India.	Venkatraopalle	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ancoats is an inner city area of Manchester, North West England, next to the Northern Quarter and the northern part of Manchester city centre.	Ancoats	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhoong (Urdu: ڈھونگ), part of Narali Union Council, is the second largest village in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan .	Dhoong	Rawalpindi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yelm School District, also known as Yelm Community Schools, is a public school district in Thurston County, Washington, USA and serves the city of Yelm.	Yelm School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galeh Har (Persian: گله هر‎; also known as Galleh Hod) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Galeh Har	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamishlu (Persian: جاميشلو‎, also Romanized as Jamīshlū and Jamīshloo; also known as Jāmeshlū and Jāmshlū) is a village in Razan Rural District, in the Central District of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Jamishlu	Razan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boise City Airport (FAA LID: 17K) is in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, four miles north of the City of Boise City, which owns it.	Boise City Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capt. Nathaniel Parker Red House is a historic house at 77-83 Ash Street in Reading, Massachusetts.	Capt. Nathaniel Parker Red House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bozjani (Persian: بزجاني‎, also Romanized as Bozjānī; also known as Bozhgānī) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bozjani	Sang Bast Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogalinko (rɔɡaˈlinkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rogalinko	Gmina Świdwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckhorn Lake State Resort Park is a state park located in the northwest corner of Perry County, Kentucky.	Buckhorn Lake State Resort Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wróblówka (vruˈblufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarny Dunajec, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Wróblówka	Gmina Czarny Dunajec
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJLT is a radio station licensed to broadcast at 105.3 FM in Evansville, Indiana.	WJLT	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQTE (95.3 FM, ``Q-95 Country'') is a radio station in Adrian, Michigan, broadcasting a country music format.	WQTE	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherkat-e Banader (Persian: شركت بنادر‎, also Romanized as Sherkat-e Banāder; also known as Banāder) is a village in Shavur Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sherkat-e Banader	Shavur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuhar Chak is a town located in the Moga district of Punjab, India.	Chuhar Chak	Moga district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sparre Barn is a round barn in the city of Nowthen, Minnesota, United States.	Sparre Barn	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn Valley Airport (IATA: SEG, ICAO: KSEG, FAA LID: SEG) is a public airport a mile north of Selinsgrove, a borough in Snyder County, Pennsylvania.	Penn Valley Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandovan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كندوان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kandovan Rural District	Kandovan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieprzowe Jezioro (vjɛˈpʂɔvɛ jɛˈʑɔrɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wieprzowe Jezioro	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Vivier-sur-Mer (Breton: Gwiver, Gallo: Le Vivier) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in north-western France.	Le Vivier-sur-Mer	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piney Creek Site is a prehistoric rock art site located on the north side of Piney Creek in Piney Creek Ravine State Natural Area in Randolph County, Illinois.	Piney Creek Site	Randolph County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varazan (Persian: ورازان‎, also Romanized as Varāzān) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Varazan	Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Singing Bridge is a Pennsylvania truss bridge that carries 2 lanes of traffic and 2 walkways across the Kentucky River in Frankfort, Kentucky.	Singing Bridge	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia-Kamień (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈkamjɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia-Kamień	Gmina Łaziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capital University is a private accredited liberal arts and research university in Bexley, a suburb of Columbus, Ohio.	Capital University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concordia Stadium is multi-purpose stadium at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec.	Concordia Stadium	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruhle Road Lenticular Metal Truss Bridge is a historic Lenticular truss bridge located in Malta, Saratoga County, New York.	Ruhle Road Lenticular Metal Truss Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amon G. Carter Stadium is an open-air football stadium on the campus of Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas.	Amon G. Carter Stadium	Fort Worth
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunvegan is an historic apartment building at 1654 Massachusetts Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	The Dunvegan	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alborz Province (Persian: استان البرز‎‎, Ostan-e Alborz ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran, centered in Karaj.	Alborz Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baden-Baden is a spa town, located in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany.	Baden-Baden	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Molonglo Water Quality Control Centre is a sewerage and waste water treatment facility in the Australian Capital Territory, owned and operated by ACTEW Corporation.	Lower Molonglo Water Quality Control Centre	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huridar (Persian: حوريدر‎, also Romanized as Hūrīdar; also known as Chūrī Dar and Chūrī Dār) is a village in Dashtab Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Huridar	Dashtab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Young Israel Shomrai Emunah (YISE) is an Orthodox synagogue located in Kemp Mill, Montgomery County, Maryland.	Young Israel Shomrai Emunah	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurki (Persian: گوركي‎, also Romanized as Gūrkī) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gurki	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shablu (Persian: شبلو‎, also Romanized as Shablū; also known as Shablī) is a village in Hir Rural District, in the Hir District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Shablu	Hir Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1977, the voters of the Canton of Vaud accepted (54.95%) the cantonal popular initiative ``Save Lavaux''.	Lavaux	Canton of Vaud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehergaon is a small village in India, located in the north-west region of the state of Maharashtra.	Mehergaon	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelaide Airport (IATA: ADL, ICAO: YPAD) is the principal airport of Adelaide, South Australia and the fifth busiest airport in Australia, servicing 7,696,000 passengers in the financial year ending 30 June 2014.	Adelaide Airport	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponętów Dolny (pɔˈnɛntuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzegorzew, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ponętów Dolny	Gmina Grzegorzew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gojg (Persian: گجگ‎) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gojg	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memorial Falls are actually two similar waterfalls in adjacent gorges on small streams near the city of Munising Michigan.	Memorial Falls	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerd Sheytan (Persian: گردشيطان‎, also Romanized as Gerd Sheyţān; also known as Gīr Sheyţān, Shaitan, and Sheyţān) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerd Sheytan	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Barbaro, also known as the Villa di Maser, is a large villa at Maser in the Veneto region of northern Italy.	Villa Barbaro	Maser
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kōchi Airport (高知空港) (IATA: KCZ, ICAO: RJOK), also known as Kōchi Ryōma Airport (高知龍馬空港), is a regional airport in Nankoku, a city in Kōchi Prefecture of Japan.	Kōchi Airport	Nankoku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krościna Wielka (krɔɕˈt͡ɕina ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krościna Wielka	Gmina Prusice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altitude 25 is an apartment building on Fairfield Road in the London Borough of Croydon, London.	Altitude 25	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Innisdale Secondary School is a public secondary school that is located in the south end of Barrie, Ontario.	Innisdale Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Etteln is a village in the municipality of Borchen, district of Paderborn in the German State of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Etteln	Borchen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garrabost (Scottish Gaelic: Garrabost) is a village in the Point (An Rubha) peninsula isthmus on the east coast of the Isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Garrabost	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żalewo (ʐaˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Żalewo	Gmina Szamotuły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Shureh-ye Ashniz-e Bala (Persian: ابشوره اشنيزبالا‎, also Romanized as Āb Shūreh-ye Āshnīz-e Bālā; also known as Āb Shūreh) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ab Shureh-ye Ashniz-e Bala	Bafruiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avenue House Grounds is a ten-acre (four hectares) Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation on East End Road in Church End, Finchley in the London Borough of Barnet.	Avenue House Grounds	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łotów (ˈwɔtuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łotów	Gmina Werbkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noviz-e Olya (Persian: نويزعليا‎, also Romanized as Novīz-ye ``Olyā; also known as Novīz) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 283, in 72 families.	Noviz-e Olya	Bala Taleqan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dapitan, officially the City of Dapitan (Subanon: Gembagel G'benwa Dapitan/Bagbenwa Dapitan; Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Dapitan; Filipino: Lungsod ng Dapitan; Chavacano/Spanish: Ciudad de Dapitan), is a third-class city in the province of Zamboanga del Norte, Philippines on the island of Mindanao.	Dapitan	Zamboanga del Norte
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Fork Fryingpan River is a tributary of the Fryingpan River in Pitkin and Eagle counties in Colorado.	North Fork Fryingpan River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulsequah is an unincorporated locality in northwestern, British Columbia, Canada, located at the confluence of the Taku and Tulsequah Rivers.	Tulsequah	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guarcino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) east of Rome and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Frosinone in the Monti Ernici area.	Guarcino	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabriz County (Persian: شهرستان تبریز‎)(Azerbaijani: تبریز شهرستانی) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Tabriz County	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque (Arabic: مسجد خالد ابن الوليد‎) is a mosque in Homs, Syria, located in a park along Hama Street in ash-Shuhada Square.	Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque	Homs
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buffalo and Erie County Botanical Gardens are botanical gardens located within South Park in Buffalo, New York, USA.	Buffalo and Erie County Botanical Gardens	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drake University is a private, co-educational university located in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Drake University	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinclair Community College is an urban community college located in downtown Dayton, Ohio and is the largest community college at a single location in the state of Ohio.	Sinclair Community College	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Union Street Historic District is a historic district on Union St. from Water St. to Market St. in Rockland, Massachusetts.	Lower Union Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fonjge (Cyrillic: Фоњге) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Fonjge	Donji Vakuf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thervoy Kandigai is a village in Tiruvallur District in Tamil Nadu state of India.	Thervoy Kandigai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chakarteh (Persian: چاكرته‎, also Romanized as Chākarteh; also known as Chāh Kartū) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chakarteh	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gębalówka (ɡɛmbaˈlufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gębalówka	Gmina Bakałarzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurayi (Persian: شورائي‎, also Romanized as Shūrāyī; also known as Shūrānī) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shurayi	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybyszyce (pʂɨbɨˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Przybyszyce	Gmina Jeżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 25 High School Avenue in Quincy, Massachusetts, is one of the city's best-preserved Greek Revival cottages.	House at 25 High School Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bok Jankovac (Serbian: Бок Јанковац) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bok Jankovac	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	The SS Keno is berthed in a dry dock on the waterfront of the Yukon River in Dawson City, Yukon, Canada.	SS Keno	Dawson City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuscarora State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 1,618 acres (655 ha) in Rush, Ryan, Schuylkill Townships, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Tuscarora State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lieuvin is a plateau region in the western part of the Eure département in Normandy, France.	Lieuvin	Eure
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joori, Zahedan (Persian: جوری‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District (Sistan and Baluchestan Province), in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Joori, Zahedan	Nosratabad Rural District (Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rössjöholm Castle (Swedish: Rössjöholms slott) is a castle in Ängelholm Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Rössjöholm Castle	Ängelholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Fear High School is a public secondary school in the northeast region of Cumberland County, North Carolina.	Cape Fear High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGVE-FM is a FM high school radio station broadcasting on 88.7 MHz in Gary, Indiana.	WGVE-FM	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Pahn (Persian: ده پهن‎) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh Pahn	Dorudfaraman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Anbar Rural District (Persian: دهستان نهرعنبر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Anbar Rural District	Musian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEAG-FM (106.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Starke, Florida, U.S.A. and airs a country music format using the moniker ``Eagle Country''.	WEAG-FM	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żabino-Gąsiory (ʐaˈbinɔ ɡɔ̃ˈɕɔrɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żabino-Gąsiory	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reno Arch is an iconic landmark in Reno, Nevada spanning Virginia Street at the intersection with Commercial Row.	Reno Arch	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wasur National Park forms part of the largest wetland in Papua province of Indonesia and has been the least disturbed by human activity.	Wasur National Park	Papua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toms Creek Falls is a waterfall in the Pisgah National Forest in McDowell County, North Carolina, near the town of Marion.	Toms Creek Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khadamabad-e Mokhtar (Persian: خادم ابادمختار‎, also Romanized as Khādamābād-e Mokhtār; also known as Khādamābād) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Khadamabad-e Mokhtar	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Weatogue Historic District is a 490-acre (200 ha) historic district in the town of Simsbury, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.	East Weatogue Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad-e Tabatbayi (Persian: اله ابادطباطبايي‎, also Romanized as Allāhābād-e Ţabāṭbāyī; also known as Allāhābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Allahabad-e Tabatbayi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tirsbol Cemetery, Wrought-Iron Cross Site, near Strasburg, North Dakota, United States, is a historic site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.	Tirsbol Cemetery, Wrought-Iron Cross Site	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wełnowiec-Józefowiec (German: Hohenlohehütte-Josephsdorf) is a district of Katowice.	Wełnowiec-Józefowiec	Katowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pons Fabricius (Italian: Ponte Fabricio, meaning ``Fabricius' Bridge'') or Ponte dei Quattro Capi, is the oldest Roman bridge in Rome, Italy, still existing in its original state.	Pons Fabricius	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Island Range, (also called Silver Island Mountains), is a mountain range in Utah, in the northwest corner of Tooele County and the southwest corner of Box Elder County, about 15 miles (24 km) northeast of Wendover.	Silver Island Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zizhuyuan Subdistrict (Chinese: 紫竹院街道; pinyin: Zǐzhúyuàn Jiēdào), named after the Purple Bamboo Park, is a subdistrict of Haidian District, Beijing.	Zizhuyuan Subdistrict	Haidian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fal Rural District (Persian: دهستان فال‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Galleh Dar District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Fal Rural District	Galleh Dar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traquair (Scottish Gaelic: Cille Bhrìghde) is a small village and civil parish in the Scottish Borders; until 1975 it was in the county of Peeblesshire.	Traquair	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulgong is a 19th-century gold rush town in the Central Tablelands and the wider Central West regions of the Australian state of New South Wales.	Gulgong	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felizzano (Flissan in Piemontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) southeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Alessandria.	Felizzano	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobiałki (kɔˈbjau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kobiałki	Gmina Wieczfnia Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	50 Biscayne is a fifty-seven story skyscraper condo in the Central Business District of Downtown Miami, Florida, United States.	50 Biscayne	Miami
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmad Koshteh-ye Darbadam (Persian: احمدكشته داربادام‎, also Romanized as Aḩmad Koshteh-ye Dārbādām; also known as Dār Bādām-e Soflá) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ahmad Koshteh-ye Darbadam	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	333 Bush Street is a 43-floor, 151 m (495 ft) skyscraper completed in 1986 in the financial district of San Francisco, California.	333 Bush Street	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azure Lake is a fjord-like lake located in east-central British Columbia, Canada.	Azure Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Like most of the Smokies crest, Mount Collins is situated along the Tennessee-North Carolina border, with Sevier County to the north and Swain County to the south.	Mount Collins	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadun Sheykh Mohammad (Persian: سعدون شيخ محمد‎, also Romanized as Sa’dūn Sheykh Moḩammad; also known as Shaikh Mohammad-e Yeké Sádoon, Sheykh Mohammad, and Sheykh Moḩammad-e Yek) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sadun Sheykh Mohammad	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khashkala (Persian: خشكلا‎, also Romanized as Khashkalā; also known as Khoshk Kolā) is a village in Langarud Rural District, Salman Shahr District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khashkala	Langarud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sihali Jageer (Sihali Jagir) is a village in the Hasanpur subdistrict of the Amroha district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Sihali Jageer	Amroha district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enkuru is a village Grama Panchayat in enkoor mandal, khammam District of Telangana state.	Enkuru	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Painshill (also referred to as ``Pains Hill'' in some 19th-century texts), near Cobham, Surrey, England, is one of the finest remaining examples of an 18th-century English landscape park.	Painshill	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesterfield County Airport (ICAO: KFCI, FAA LID: FCI) is a public airport located four miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Richmond, a city in Chesterfield County, Virginia, United States.	Chesterfield County Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malak Mala is a village in the Chachh region of Attock District in Northern Punjab of Pakistan.	Malak Mala	Attock District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cotton Tree Drive (Chinese: 紅棉路) is a road running from Central to Mid-levels, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Cotton Tree Drive	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghcheh-ye Jalil (Persian: باغچه جليل‎, also Romanized as Bāghcheh-ye Jalīl) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Baghcheh-ye Jalil	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sri Renga Narayana Puram (Tamil: ஸ்ரீ ரெங்க நாரயணபுரம், S.R.N. Puram, also called as புதூர்) is a village in Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Sri Renga Narayana Puram	Tirunelveli district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pelly or Pelly Mountain (Inuinnaqtun: Ovayok or Uvajuq) is an esker in Kitikmeot, Nunavut.	Mount Pelly	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pałczyn (ˈpau̯t͡ʂɨn) (German: Pfalzhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pałczyn	Gmina Miłosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bighorn National Forest is located in northern Wyoming, United States and consists of over 1.1 million acres (4,500 km²).	Bighorn National Forest	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashidiyeh (Persian: رشيديه‎, also Romanized as Rashīdīyeh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rashidiyeh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukan-e Now (Persian: بوكن نو‎, also Romanized as Būkan-e Now; also known as Būkan) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bukan-e Now	Bafruiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John B. Ragland Mercantile Company Building is an Italianate building at 201 E. Kleberg Ave. in Kingsville, Texas.	John B. Ragland Mercantile Company Building	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cronk ny Merriu (English: Hill of the Dead) is one of the remains of promontory forts in the Isle of Man.	Cronk ny Merriu	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zard-e Sheykh Hasan (Persian: زردشيخ حسن‎, also Romanized as Zard-e Sheykh Ḩasan and Zard Sheykh Ḩasan; also known as Zard) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zard-e Sheykh Hasan	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głomno (ˈɡwɔmnɔ) (German: Glommen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Głomno	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Rock Pass is a low mountain pass in eastern Idaho, south of Downey in southern Bannock County.	Red Rock Pass	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bjurum manor, also known as Stora Bjurum (Grand Bjurum) or Stora Bjurum herrgård (Grand Bjurum manor), is a Swedish manor located in Västergötland.	Bjurum	Västergötland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pish Baghan (Persian: پيش باغان‎, also Romanized as Pīsh Bāghān; also known as Besh Bāghān) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pish Baghan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jokihat (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: जोकिहाट विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is an assembly constituency in Araria district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Jokihat (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Araria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mystic River Reservation is a publicly owned nature preserve located along the Mystic River in eastern Massachusetts, United States.	Mystic River Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Downtown Evanston Historic District in Evanston, Wyoming includes about sixty buildings in a compact downtown commercial district.	Downtown Evanston Historic District	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huairou District (simplified Chinese: 怀柔区; traditional Chinese: 懷柔區; pinyin: Huáiróu Qū) is situated in northern Beijing.	Huairou District	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kurt Hahn Expeditionary Learning School (the Kurt Hahn School) is a New York City public school working in partnership with New York City Outward Bound and Expeditionary Learning.	The Kurt Hahn Expeditionary Learning School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taheri Rural District (Persian: دهستان طاهرئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kangan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Taheri Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merritt Airport (IATA: YMB, TC LID: CAD5), also known as Saunders Field, is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) east of Merritt, British Columbia, Canada.	Merritt Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gogebic County Courthouse is a government building located on North Moore Street in Bessemer, Michigan.	Gogebic County Courthouse	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrew Jackson State Park is a 360-acre (1.5 km2) South Carolina state park established in 1952 to honor the only South Carolina born president, Andrew Jackson, who was born nearby in 1767.	Andrew Jackson State Park	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moghul Kosh (Persian: مغول كش‎, also Romanized as Moghūl Kosh and Moghowl Kosh; also known as Allāhābād) is a village in Sang Bast Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Moghul Kosh	Sang Bast Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minster Elementary School is a historic Catholic school building in Minster, Ohio, United States.	Minster Elementary School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stargard County (Polish: powiat stargardzki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland.	Stargard County	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forty Acres, located in Delano, California, was the first headquarters of the United Farm Workers labor union.	The Forty Acres	Delano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Phun (Thai: แม่พูล) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Laplae District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Mae Phun	Laplae
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asbak (Persian: اسبك‎, also Romanized as Aspak) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Asbak	Kuhgir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Icapuí is the easternmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Ceará, located in the northeast coast of the state.	Icapuí	Ceará
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former AT&T Long Lines Building at 33 Thomas Street is a 550 foot (167.5 meter) tall skyscraper in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, United States.	33 Thomas Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yekkeh Quz-e Bala (Persian: يكه قوزبالا‎, also Romanized as Yekkeh Qūz-e Bālā; also known as Yekkeh Qūz and Yakigov) is a village in Aq Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yekkeh Quz-e Bala	Aq Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	W239BV is a Hot Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Winchester, Virginia and serves Frederick County, Virginia.	W239BV	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tokhm Del (Persian: تخمدل‎, also Romanized as Tokhomdel; also known as Tokhumdil and Tokhundil'') is a village in Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tokhm Del	Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faliszówka (faliˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorkówka, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Faliszówka	Gmina Chorkówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitewater Baldy is the highest point of the Mogollon Mountains and the second highest mountain in Southern New Mexico, after Sierra Blanca Peak.	Whitewater Baldy	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Air Force Station Melton Mowbray or more simply RAF Melton Mowbray is a former Royal Air Force station located 2.3 miles (3.7 km) south of the centre of Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire and 13.6 miles (21.9 km) south east of Loughborough, Leicestershire, England.	RAF Melton Mowbray	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lydbrook is a civil parish in the Forest of Dean, a local government district in the English county of Gloucestershire.	Lydbrook	Forest of Dean
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louňovice pod Blaníkem (German: Launiowitz) is a municipality and market town in Benešov District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Louňovice pod Blaníkem	Benešov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banuband-e Pasang (Persian: بنوبندپاسنگ‎, also Romanized as Banūband-e Pāsang; also known as Banūband-e Pāsīan and Benū Band-e Pāsang) is a village in Tazian Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Banuband-e Pasang	Tazian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jining District (Mongolian: ᠵᠢᠨᠢᠩ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Jiniŋ toɣoriɣ; Chinese: 集宁区; pinyin: Jíníng Qū) is an urban district that serves as the administrative seat of Ulanqab, a region governed as a prefecture-level city in the mid-western part of Inner Mongolia, China.	Jining District	Ulanqab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asiatisk Plads is a waterfront area in the Christianshavn neighbourhood of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Asiatisk Plads	Copenhagen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaighat (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: गायघाट विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) (earlier called Gaighatti) is an assembly constituency in Muzaffarpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Gaighat (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Muzaffarpur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Solitary, a mountain that is part of the Blue Mountains Range, a spur off the Great Dividing Range, is situated within the Blue Mountains National Park, New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Solitary	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biryulka (Russian: Бирю́лька) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kachugsky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Lena River near its headwaters northwest of Lake Baikal.	Biryulka	Kachugsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhamatpur is a village of West Bengal, near Ketugram, 4 km east of Jhamatpur-Baharanpur, 157 km north from Howrah, on the B.A.K. loop of the Eastern Railway.	Jhamatpur	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Société des alcools du Québec (English: Quebec Alcohol Corporation), often abbreviated and referred to as SAQ, is a provincial Crown corporation in Quebec responsible for the trade of alcoholic beverages within the province.	Société des alcools du Québec	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haughtons Flat Diversion Tunnel is a Victorian gold rush diversion tunnel on the Nicholson River in Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	Haughtons Flat Diversion Tunnel	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khers Dar (Persian: خرسدر‎‎, also known as Kīshtar) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khers Dar	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cagnes-sur-Mer (IPA: (kaɲ syʁ mɛʁ)) is a commune presenting the form of a well-wooded and park-covered urban settlement in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Cagnes-sur-Mer	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	New North Reformed Low Dutch Church (also known as Saddle River Reformed Church and The Old Stone Church) is a historic Reformed church on East Saddle River Road at Old Stone Church Road in Upper Saddle River, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	New North Reformed Low Dutch Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrier Lake is a man made reservoir at the north end of Kananaskis Country in Alberta, Canada.	Barrier Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanquan Subdistrict (simplified Chinese: 万泉街道; traditional Chinese: 萬泉街道; pinyin: Wànquán Jiēdào) is a subdistrict of Dadong District, in the east of Shenyang City, the capital of Liaoning province, China.	Wanquan Subdistrict	Dadong District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molla Emir (Persian: ملاامير‎, also Romanized as Mollā Emīr) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Molla Emir	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reineskarvet is a significant mountain in the municipality Ål in Buskerud, Norway.	Reineskarvet	Ål
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuławki (tuˈwafki) (German Tollack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tuławki	Gmina Dywity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glodwick (pronounced Glod-ick - silent 'w') is an area of Oldham, in Greater Manchester, England.	Glodwick	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Cobb was a United States Army post established in what is now Caddo County, Oklahoma in 1859 to protect relocated Native Americans from raids by the Comanche, Kiowa and Cheyenne.	Fort Cobb	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Macedonia is one of the thirteen regions of Greece, consisting of the western part of Greek Macedonia.	Western Macedonia	Greece
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Trail Homestead State Memorial is a 162-acre (66 ha) state park located on the Sangamon River in Macon County near Harristown, Illinois, United States.	Lincoln Trail Homestead State Memorial	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogródki (ɔˈɡrutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Ogródki	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lay Khurin (Persian: لاي خورين‎, also Romanized as Lāy Khūrīn; also known as Lā Khūrīn) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Lay Khurin	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferhat Pasha Mosque (Bosnian: Ferhat-pašina džamija, Turkish: Ferhad Paşa Camii), also known as the Ferhadija Mosque, was a central building in the city of Banja Luka and one of the greatest achievements of Bosnia and Herzegovina's 16th century Ottoman to impose Islamic architecture in Europe.	Ferhat Pasha Mosque	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agate Falls Scenic Site is a waterfall and scenic site located in Interior Township, in southeastern Ontonagon County, Michigan.	Agate Falls Scenic Site	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joseph-König-Gymnasium is the only gymnasium in the Westphalian city of Haltern am See.	Joseph-König-Gymnasium	Haltern am See
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mobile Marriott is a high-rise hotel in the U.S. city of Mobile, Alabama.	Mobile Marriott	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aviz Rural District (Persian: دهستان آويز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Aviz Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Longview Park Conservatory and Gardens (39 acres) is a city park with botanical garden, located at 1300 17th Street, Rock Island, Illinois.	Longview Park Conservatory and Gardens	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beniova (Ukrainian: Беньова, Polish: Beniowa) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Beniova	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morad Jan (Persian: مرادجان‎, also Romanized as Morād Jān; also known as Marājān, Marjān, and Morādjān-e Chovārī) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Morad Jan	Nurali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Bozorg (Persian: آقابزرگ‎, also Romanized as Āqā Bozorg and Āqā-ye Bozorg; also known as Boneh-ye Āqā-ye Bozorg) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Aqa Bozorg	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul's Bridge is a stone bridge carrying the Neponset Valley Parkway over the Neponset River between Milton and southern Boston, Massachusetts.	Paul's Bridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archibald Rogers Estate, also known as ``Crumwold,'' is a historic mansion located at Hyde Park in Dutchess County, New York.	Archibald Rogers Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bireuën or Bireun is a city, the seat of the Bireuën Regency government in the Aceh province of Indonesia.	Bireuën	Aceh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roop's Fort, also known as Roop's Trading Post, Fort Defiance, and Roop House, is a historic building in Susanville, California.	Roop's Fort	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Modoc Plateau lies in the northeast corner of California as well as parts of Oregon and Nevada.	Modoc Plateau	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angelbank (or Angel Bank) is a small settlement in south Shropshire, England.	Angelbank	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mark G. Etess Arena (also known as The Arena at Trump Taj Mahal) is multi-purpose arena in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States.	Etess Arena	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capitol Place is a high-rise building located in Washington, D.C., United States.	Capitol Place	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ivanhorod or Ivangorod (Ukrainian: Іванго́род, Russian: Ивангород, Polish: Iwangród) is a village located in the Khrystynivka Raion of the Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine, some 151 kilometres (94 mi) from Kiev.	Ivanhorod	Khrystynivka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Driffield, also known as Great Driffield, is a market town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Driffield	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudenka (ruˈdɛŋka) (Ukrainian: Руденка, Rudenka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rudenka	Gmina Olszanica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karpinek (karˈpinɛk) (German: Krug) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Karpinek	Gmina Drawno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cassels Lake (originally known as White Bear Lake) is a lake located within the Municipality of Temagami, in the Nipissing District, Ontario, Canada.	Cassels Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Södertuna Castle is a hotel and former castle in Gnesta Municipality, Sweden.	Södertuna Castle	Gnesta Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crask of Aigas is a small hamlet lying 7 km southwest of Beauly, in the council area of Highland council area of Scotland.The scattered hamlet of Aigas lies a short distance to the southwest.	Crask of Aigas	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakaabad (Persian: كاكااباد‎, also Romanized as Kākāābād; also known as Kakābād, Kakveh, Kekva, Kekwa, and Kūkāvā) is a village in Soltaniyeh Rural District, Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kakaabad	Soltaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viruvere is a village in Jõgeva Parish, Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.	Viruvere	Jõgeva Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Otters is a historic home located near Bedford, Bedford County, Virginia.	Three Otters	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beatty Park Leisure Centre is a swimming pool complex in the suburb of North Perth, Western Australia.	Beatty Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Princes Hill Secondary College is a state, coeducational secondary school, located in Carlton North, an inner suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Princes Hill Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indas (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 37 Bishnupur (Lok Sabha constituency).	Indas (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Bishnupur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norra begravningsplatsen, literally ``The Northern Cemetery'' in Swedish, is a major cemetery of Metropolitan Stockholm, located in Solna Municipality.	Norra begravningsplatsen	Solna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qezel Qusha (Persian: قزل قوشا‎, also Romanized as Qezel Qūshā; also known as Qezel Gūsheh) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qezel Qusha	Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Katzrin ancient village and synagogue (Hebrew: קצרין העתיקה‎; also Kasrin, Qisrin) is an open-air museum located in the Golan Heights on the outskirts of the Israeli settlement Katzrin.	Katzrin ancient village and synagogue	Golan Heights
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Clare (Irish: Contae an Chláir) is a county in Ireland.	County Clare	Ireland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lali-ye Yek (Persian: للي يك‎, also Romanized as Lalī-ye Yek) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lali-ye Yek	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerdab-e Saqaveh (Persian: گرداب سقاوه‎, also Romanized as Gerdāb-e Saqāveh) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gerdab-e Saqaveh	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharqan District (Persian: بخش خرقان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kharqan District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Munchirai is a block or Panchayat Union of Kanyakumari district, India.	Munchirai	Kanyakumari district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fortaleza de Minas is a Brazilian municipality located in the southwest of the state of Minas Gerais.	Fortaleza de Minas	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Gholam Veys (Persian: نهرغلام ويس‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Gholām Veys) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Gholam Veys	Nabovat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shisharestan (Persian: شي شارستان‎, also Romanized as Shīshārestān; also known as Shesh Ārestān) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shisharestan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Ross Rust House is a house in Tacoma, Washington, United States, built in 1905 for William Ross Rust, then President of the Tacoma Smelter and Refining Company.	William Ross Rust House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reynolds Coliseum (opened 1949) is a multi-purpose arena located in Raleigh, North Carolina, on the campus of North Carolina State University.	Reynolds Coliseum	Raleigh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chobie (ˈxɔbjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chobie	Gmina Ozimek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katimavik Elementary School is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board elementary public school in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Katimavik Elementary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Krasienińska (ˈvɔla kraɕeˈniɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Krasienińska	Gmina Niemce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Gate Canyon State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Gilpin and Jefferson counties northwest of Golden, Colorado.	Golden Gate Canyon State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Daman (Persian: علي اباددامن‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Dāman) is a village in Astaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,162, in 287 families.	Aliabad-e Daman	Astaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delow Amadeh (Persian: دلو آمده‎, also Romanized as Delow Āmadeh and Delow Amadeh; also known as Dalv Āmadeh, Dalwa Māga, and Delvāmdeh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Delow Amadeh	Hoseynabad-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devon Tower (formerly known as Canterra Tower) is a skyscraper in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Canterra Tower	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florence Avenue is a major east−west street in central Los Angeles County and South Los Angeles, in Southern California.	Florence Avenue	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pigcawayan (sometimes spelled Pigkawayan) is a first class municipality in the province of Cotabato, Philippines.	Pigcawayan	Cotabato
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dead Camel Mountains are a mountain range located in western Nevada in the United States.	Dead Camel Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdonków (ˈzdɔŋkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borkowice, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zdonków	Gmina Borkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kombil (Persian: كمبيل‎, also Romanized as Kombīl; also known as Komīl (Persian: كميل) and Kūmbīl) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kombil	Band-e Zarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Ridge Military Academy (ORMA) is a college-preparatory military school in northwestern Guilford County, North Carolina.	Oak Ridge Military Academy	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasienna (jaˈɕenːa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Jasienna	Gmina Korzenna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kondotty (Malayalam: കൊണ്ടോട്ടി) is a revenue village and municipality, and is also a developing town in the Malappuram district, state of Kerala, India which is located near Calicut International Airport, 24 km from Malappuram.	Kondotty	Malappuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Albertus Roman Catholic Church is a church located at 4231 St. Aubin Street in Detroit, Michigan, in the Forest Park neighborhood area on the city's central East side.	St. Albertus Roman Catholic Church	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOOR (1010 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community Milwaukie, Oregon, USA.	KOOR	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bebelno-Wieś (bɛˈbɛlnɔ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bebelno-Wieś	Gmina Włoszczowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dighwa Dubauli refers to a locality village in Gopalganj district of Bihar in India.	Dighwa Dubauli	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Miri-ye Sadat (Persian: شيخ ميري سادات‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Mīrī-ye Sādāt; also known as Shaikh Mīri and Sheykh Mīrī) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Miri-ye Sadat	Hemmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Court Square-Dexter Avenue Historic District is a 17.6-acre (7.1 ha) historic district in downtown Montgomery, Alabama.	Court Square-Dexter Avenue Historic District	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamin Geran (Persian: كمينگران‎, also Romanized as Kamīn Gerān) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kamin Geran	Miyan Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pico do Jabre is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Paraíba, at 1,197 metres (3,927 ft).	Pico do Jabre	Paraíba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utikuma Lake is a large lake in north-central Alberta, Canada.	Utikuma Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plean is a village, in the Stirling Council area of central Scotland, located on the main A9 road from Falkirk.	Plean	Stirling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babruiyeh (Persian: ببروئيه‎, also Romanized as Babrū’īyeh and Babru’iyeh; also known as Bahrūd, and Bīrū’īyeh) is a village in Banestan Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Babruiyeh	Banestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dove Science Academy is a college-preparatory charter school system in Oklahoma, USA.	Dove Science Academy	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartlip is a village and civil parish in the borough of Swale, in the county of Kent, England.	Hartlip	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Manitou Island Lifesaving Station, also known as North Manitou Coast Guard Station, is a complex of buildings located on North Manitou Island, which is part of Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in Michigan, in the U.S. The complex was constructed as a life-saving station.	North Manitou Island Lifesaving Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saleesh House, also known as Flathead Post, was a North West Company fur trading post built near present-day Thompson Falls, Montana in 1809 by David Thompson and James McMillan of the North West Company.	Saleesh House	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nathan Cooper Gristmill is a historic gristmill on the Black River in Chester, Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Nathan Cooper Gristmill	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kożuszki-Kolonia (kɔˈʐuʂki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kożuszki-Kolonia	Gmina Sochaczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sephardic Center of Mill Basin, is a Sephardic Jewish Orthodox Sephardi synagogue located at 6208 Strickland Avenue in Brooklyn, New York.	Sephardic Center of Mill Basin	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexandria Zoological Park is a 33-acre (13 ha) zoo located in Alexandria, Louisiana, United States.	Alexandria Zoological Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opheylissem Castle is a large stately home in Opheylissem in the municipality of Hélécine, Walloon Brabant, Belgium.	Opheylissem Castle	Hélécine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louis E. Dieruff High School (typically referred to as Dieruff High School) is a large, urban, public high school located in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Louis E. Dieruff High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Bakri (Persian: دهبکري‎, also Romanized as Deh Bakrī) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Bakri	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajabi Kia Poultry Company (Persian: مرغداري رجبي كيا‎ -- Marghdārī-ye Rajabī Kīā) is a company town and village in Sharifabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Rajabi Kia Poultry Company	Sharifabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Chodkowska (ˈvɔla xɔtˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Chodkowska	Gmina Kozienice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joplin Regional Airport (IATA: JLN, ICAO: KJLN, FAA LID: JLN) is a city-owned airport five miles north of Joplin, in Jasper County, Missouri.	Joplin Regional Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	McBride/Charlie Leake Field Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAV4), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north northwest of McBride, British Columbia, Canada.	McBride/Charlie Leake Field Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nietupa-Kolonia (ɲeˈtupa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Nietupa-Kolonia	Gmina Krynki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgewater Cemetery (also known as Vreeland Cemetery) is a cemetery in the Bergen County, New Jersey community of Edgewater.	Edgewater Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newport Chemical Depot, previously known as the Wabash River Ordnance Works and the Newport Army Ammunition Plant, was a bulk chemical storage and destruction facility in west central Indiana, thirty miles north of Terre Haute operated by the United States Army.	Newport Chemical Depot	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemmatabad-e Agah (Persian: همت اباداگاه‎, also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Āgāh; also known as Hemmatābād) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hemmatabad-e Agah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richmond Community Church is a historic church building on Fitzwilliam Road (New Hampshire Route 119) in Richmond, New Hampshire, USA.	Richmond Community Church	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	20 GOTO 10 was an art gallery founded by Christopher Abad in San Francisco, California, USA.	20 GOTO 10	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Literary Hall is a mid-19th-century brick library building and museum in Romney, West Virginia.	Literary Hall	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Dar Asiab (Persian: باغ دراسياب‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Dar Āsīāb; also known as Bāgh-e Āsīāb) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Dar Asiab	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodimunai (Tamil: கோடிமுனை) is a village located 22 km north-west of Kanyakumari at Southern Arabian seashore in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Kodimunai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnny's Charcoal Broiled Hamburgers, or simply, ``Johnny's Hamburgers'', is an eatery located in Scarborough, Toronto, at Victoria Park and Sheppard Ave. Comedian Mike Myers has endorsed the eatery several times during interviews as being a childhood favourite, having grown up in Scarborough, Ontario.	Johnny's Charcoal Broiled Hamburgers	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Buchowska (ˈvɔla buˈxɔfska) (Ukrainian: Воля Бухівська, Volia Bukhivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Buchowska	Gmina Jarosław
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morell Regional High School, is a Canadian secondary school in Morell, Prince Edward Island	Morell Regional High School	Prince Edward Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District Council of Streaky Bay is a local government area in South Australia located on the Eyre Peninsula.	District Council of Streaky Bay	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gort an Choirce or Gort a' Choirce Irish pronunciation: (ˌɡˠɔɾˠt̪ˠ ə ˈxɔɾʲcə) or (ˌɡˠɔɾˠt̪ˠ ə ˈhɔɾʲcə) (anglicized as Gortahork) is a village and townland in the northwest of County Donegal, Ireland.	Gortahork	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hata -e- Sheikhan is a sublocality of Dugawan in Lucknow, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Hata -e- Sheikhan	Lucknow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden is the second oldest zoo in the United States and is located in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal-e Balutak (Persian: چال بلوطك‎, also Romanized as Chāl-e Balūṭaḵ) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal-e Balutak	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin Mohammad (Persian: زمين محمد‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Moḩammad) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zamin Mohammad	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samsam Kandi (Persian: صمصام كندي‎, also Romanized as Şamşām Kandī; also known as Şamşām) is a village in Sina Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Samsam Kandi	Sina Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Niżna (ˈvɔla ˈɲiʐna) (Ukrainian: Воля Нижня, Volia Nyzhnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaśliska, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Wola Niżna	Gmina Jaśliska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasna Polana (read yasna; meaning bright glade in Polish and being the name of Leo Tolstoy's home) is the former 226-acre estate of John Seward Johnson I and his third wife, Barbara Piasecka Johnson, located at 8 Province Line Road in Princeton, New Jersey.	Jasna Polana	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cronosoft has been featured in several mainstream computer magazines, including Retro Gamer, GamesTM and Micro Mart, and regularly exhibits at computer shows across the United Kingdom, including CGE UK, ORSAM and RETRO BALL.	Cronosoft	United Kingdom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorubathan (Nepali: गोरुबथान) is a small town in the Kalimpong subdivision of Darjeeling district of the Indian state of West Bengal.	Gorubathan	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlem Airport (FAA LID: 48S) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Harlem, a city in Blaine County, Montana, United States.	Harlem Airport	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackwells Mills Canal House is located at Blackwells Mills Road and Canal Road in Franklin Township, Somerset County, New Jersey, United States, on the Delaware and Raritan Canal.	Blackwells Mills Canal House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Döbeln Hauptbahnhof is the largest station in Döbeln in the German state of Saxony.	Döbeln Hauptbahnhof	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liskowate (lʲiskɔˈvatɛ) (Ukrainian: Ліскувате, Liskuvate) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship of south-eastern Poland, near the border with Ukraine.	Liskowate	Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHEY (88.9 FM, ``Hey 88.9'') is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve North Muskegon, Michigan, USA.	WHEY	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Settavarai is a small village in Gingee taluk in Villuppuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Settavarai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sydney Secondary College Leichhardt Campus is a coeducational, partially academically selective junior high school, located in the inner-city Sydney suburb of Leichhardt, in the Australian state of New South Wales.	Sydney Secondary College Leichhardt Campus	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Central Terminal (GCT; also referred to as Grand Central Station) is a commuter (and former intercity) railroad terminal at 42nd Street and Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan in New York City, United States.	Grand Central Terminal	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whooping Crane Summer Range is a 16,895 km² wetland complex in the boreal forests of northern Alberta and southwestern Northwest Territories in Canada.	Whooping Crane Summer Range	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ha Tsuen (Chinese: 廈村), or Ha Tsuen Heung (廈村鄉) is an area at the west of Yuen Long Town in Hong Kong.	Ha Tsuen	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Natchez Trace Parkway Bridge is a concrete double arch bridge located in Williamson County, Tennessee, 14 km (8.7 mi) from the northern terminus of the Natchez Trace Parkway.	Natchez Trace Parkway Bridge	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWYN (106.9 FM), known as ``WYN 106.9'', is a country music radio station based in McKenzie, Tennessee.	WWYN	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Mary's Church, Barnes, is the parish church of Barnes, formerly in Surrey and now in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	St Mary's Church, Barnes	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divinópolis is a municipality located in the centre-west of Minas Gerais state, Brazil.	Divinópolis	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duchess Theatre is a West End theatre in the City of Westminster, London, located in Catherine Street near Aldwych.	Duchess Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanddowror (Welsh: Maes-y-lan) is a community and also a small, historic, relatively unspoilt village two miles from the town of St. Clears in Carmarthenshire in West Wales.	Llanddowror	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Troll Ski Resort, often referred to simply as Troll, is a ski area located in the Quesnel Highland in the northeastern Cariboo region of British Columbia, Canada, located between Quesnel and the historic goldfield towns of Wells-Barkerville.	Troll Ski Resort	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kar Sorkh (Persian: كرسرخ‎) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kar Sorkh	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red River Wildlife Management Area at 314 acres (1.27 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Idaho County near Elk City.	Red River Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teylan is a village in Pashtun Kot District in the Faryab Province, in northern Afghanistan.It lies in a valley, south of Sar-e Howz.	Teylan	Pashtun Kot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welland (2011 population 50,631) is a city in the Regional Municipality of Niagara in Southern Ontario, Canada.	Welland	Regional Municipality of Niagara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domrud-e Sofla (Persian: دم رودسفلي‎, also Romanized as Domrūd-e Soflá) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Domrud-e Sofla	Mamulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilikhi Bolaghi (Persian: ايليخي بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Īlīkhī Bolāghī; also known as Īlkh Bolāghī and Īlīkh) is a village in Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Ilikhi Bolaghi	Qomrud Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parowy (paˈrɔvɨ) (German Heinen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parowy	Gmina Sztum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio La Peineta, officially known as Estadio Olímpico de Madrid, is a stadium in Madrid, Spain.	Estadio La Peineta	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Francois Mountains in southeast Missouri are a range of Precambrian igneous mountains rising over the Ozark Plateau.	St. Francois Mountains	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dickson Dam is a flow regulation dam constructed in 1983 which impounded the Red Deer River creating a reservoir known as Gleniffer Lake (Alberta).	Dickson Dam	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arboretum Villanova is the former name of a 222-acre (90 ha) arboretum located throughout the campus of Villanova University in Villanova, Pennsylvania.	Arboretum Villanova	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tickencote is a small village in the county of Rutland in the East Midlands of England.	Tickencote	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alliance Commercial Historic District, located roughly along Box Butte Ave. in Alliance, Nebraska is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.	Alliance Commercial Historic District	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sudwa (ˈsudva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sudwa	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheyenne Central High School is a public secondary school (grades 9-12) located in Cheyenne, Wyoming and serves Laramie County School District #1.	Cheyenne Central High School	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zweibrücken Hauptbahnhof is a through station with two platforms and three platform tracks in the city of Zweibrücken in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Zweibrücken Hauptbahnhof	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 97 (I-97) is a part of the Interstate Highway System that runs entirely within Maryland.	Interstate 97	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asadabad-e Lateh Kuh (Persian: اسدابادلته كوه‎, also Romanized as Āsadābād-e Lateh Kūh) is a village in Dadin Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Asadabad-e Lateh Kuh	Dadin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunčevac (Serbian: Бунчевац) is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bunčevac	Drvar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niagara University is a Catholic university in the Vincentian tradition, located in the town of Lewiston in Niagara County, New York within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo.	Niagara University	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawkeye Community College is a community college, with its main campus located at 1501 E. Orange Rd., just outside Waterloo, Iowa.	Hawkeye Community College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tipton is a mountain in northwestern Arizona in the United States.	Mount Tipton	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palisades Dam (National ID # ID00273) is an earth-fill dam on the Snake River in Bonneville County in the U.S. state of Idaho.	Palisades Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanxun District (Chinese: 南浔区; pinyin: Nánxún Qū) is a district in the prefecture-level city of Huzhou, Zhejiang province, China.	Nanxun District	Huzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhvor-e Khush Aqbal (Persian: سوخورخوش اقبال‎, also Romanized as Sūkhvor-e Khūsh Āqbāl) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sukhvor-e Khush Aqbal	Heydariyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donalda is a village in central Alberta, east of Ponoka.	Donalda	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biebrowo (bjɛˈbrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biebrowo	Gmina Choczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korczyska (kɔrˈt͡ʂɨska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Korczyska	Gmina Sędziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aamse is a small village in Ridala Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.	Aamse	Ridala Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Lantern Coaster is a steel roller coaster at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Green Lantern Coaster	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvordeh Darreh (Persian: خورده دره‎, also Romanized as Khowr Deh Darreh and Khowrdeh Darreh) is a village in Harm Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khvordeh Darreh	Harm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azhdahatu (Persian: اژدهاتو‎, also Romanized as Azhdahātū and Azhdehātū; also known as Adzhdikhatu, Āzdehsū, and Azhdasu) is a village in Mojezat Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Azhdahatu	Mojezat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohaeawai is a small village at the junction of State Highway 1 and State Highway 12 in the Far North District of New Zealand, some 250 km from Auckland.	Ohaeawai	Far North District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przeczniak (ˈpʂɛt͡ʂɲak) (German: Hermannshof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Przeczniak	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Długi Lasek (ˈdwuɡi ˈlasɛk) (German: Langwäldchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Długi Lasek	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marhavay (Persian: مرحواي‎, also Romanized as Marḩavāy; also known as Marḩabā'ī) is a village in Cheghapur Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Marhavay	Cheghapur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zengcun (Chinese: 增村镇) is a township-level division of Gaocheng, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zengcun	Gaocheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	M Shed is a museum in Bristol, England, located on Prince's Wharf beside the Floating Harbour in a dockside transit shed formerly occupied by Bristol Industrial Museum.	M Shed	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabrnie Górne (ˈzabrɲɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Zabrnie Górne	Gmina Grębów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Bronson State Park is a state park off of Kittson County Highway 28 East near Lake Bronson in the northwestern corner of Minnesota.	Lake Bronson State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Busolwe Public Library, or the BPL, is a small community library in the village of Busolwe, eastern Uganda.	Busolwe Public Library	Uganda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Punta de la Concepcion was a 24,992-acre (101.14 km2) Mexican land grant in the northern Santa Ynez Mountains, in present day Santa Barbara County, California.	Rancho Punta de la Concepcion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bordeira is a Portuguese civil parish in the municipality of Aljezur.	Bordeira	Aljezur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nezabylice (German: Neosablitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Nezabylice	Chomutov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coralville Lake is an artificial lake formed by the Coralville Dam, a 1949 built dam on the Iowa River several miles upstream from the city of Coralville, Iowa.	Coralville Lake	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Indiantown Gap, also referred to as ``The Gap'' or ``FTIG'', is a census-designated place and U.S. Army post primarily located in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania.	Fort Indiantown Gap	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albert Cricket Ground, also known as the Albert Reserve and previously as the Warehouseman's Cricket Ground, is a cricket ground in St Kilda, Victoria.	Albert Cricket Ground	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kaaimans River (Afrikaans: Kaaimansrivier), also known as Keerom River, is a river in the Western Cape, South Africa.	Kaaimans River	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edmonton Valley Zoo is a zoo located in the heart of Edmonton, Alberta's river valley.	Edmonton Valley Zoo	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	A highway route that roughly follows the trail's path through the entire length of Kansas, the southeast corner of Colorado and northern New Mexico has been designated as the Santa Fe Trail National Scenic Byway.	Santa Fe Trail	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kantserivka (Ukrainian: Канцерівка) is a rural settlement (a selyshche) in the Zaporizhia Raion (district) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine.	Kantserivka	Zaporizhia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Military Vehicle Technology Foundation is a large collection of military vehicles located in Portola Valley, California, USA.	Military Vehicle Technology Foundation	Portola Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umberghar امبرغهر is a small village located at coast of Vashisthi River(Dabhol Khadi) in Ratnagiri district in the state of Maharashtra in India.	Umberghar	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Contra Loma Regional Park is a 780-acre (320 ha) regional park in Contra Costa County, California.	Contra Loma Regional Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chineham (/ˈtʃɪnəm/ CHIN-əm) is a civil parish in the Basingstoke and Deane district of Hampshire, England.	Chineham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm Rud (Persian: گرمرود‎, also Romanized as Garm Rūd) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Garm Rud	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir Khani (Persian: شيرخاني‎‎, also Romanized as Shīr Khānī) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shir Khani	Zagheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goruńsko (ɡɔˈruɲskɔ) (German: Grunzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bledzew, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Goruńsko	Gmina Bledzew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumili is a historical village and panchayat in Pusapatirega mandal of Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kumili	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The MGM Grand Detroit in Detroit, Michigan is one of three casino resort hotels in the city, and one of four in the Detroit--	MGM Grand Detroit	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosmyryn (Ukrainian: Космирин) is a village in the Buchach Raion (district) of the Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Kosmyryn	Buchach Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richmond Municipal Natatorium, commonly known as The Plunge or The Richmond Plunge, is a historic swim center in the Point Richmond neighborhood of Richmond, California.	The Plunge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 1487 Loma Vista Street is a historic house located at 1487 Loma Vista Street in Pasadena, California.	House at 1487 Loma Vista Street	Pasadena
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wards Island Bridge, also known as the 103rd Street Footbridge, is a pedestrian bridge crossing the Harlem River between Manhattan Island and Wards Island in New York City.	Wards Island Bridge	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodrifty is the modern name of an Iron Age village, now in ruins, in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bodrifty	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Medford High School (formerly Medford Opportunity High School) is a public alternative high school in Medford, Oregon, United States.	Central Medford High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mozdabad-e Bala (Persian: مزدابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Mozdābād-e Bālā; also known as Mozdābād and Muzdābād) is a village in Kachu Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mozdabad-e Bala	Kachu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolboluiyeh (Persian: بلبلوييه‎, also Romanized as Bolbolūīyeh and Bolbolueeyeh) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bolboluiyeh	Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Georgia Museum is situated in Grytviken, near the administrative centre of the UK overseas territory of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.	South Georgia Museum	Grytviken
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łazin (ˈwaʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łazin	Gmina Bielawy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasalan (Persian: كسلان‎, also Romanized as Kasalān) is a village in Tirchai Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kasalan	Tirchai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bystrojowice (bɨstrɔjɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Samborzec, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bystrojowice	Gmina Samborzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Uist (Scottish Gaelic: Uibhist a Tuath pronounced (ˈɯ.ɪʃtʲ ə t̪ʰuə)) is an island and community in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	North Uist	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blattbach is a tributary of the Helmbach, roughly 3 kilometres (2 mi) long, in the Palatinate Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Blattbach	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalskie Nowiny (ˈkalskʲɛ nɔˈvinɨ) (German: Kehlerwald) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Kalskie Nowiny	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziarat Kola (Persian: زيارت كلا‎, also Romanized as Zīārat Kolā, Zeyārat Kolā, and Zīārat Kalā; also known as Zīārat Kūlā) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ziarat Kola	Zarem Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozniszew (rɔzˈniʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rozniszew	Gmina Magnuszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helsa is a municipality and village in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany.	Helsa	Kassel	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerbani is a village development committee in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal.	Kerbani	Rupandehi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maenclochog is a village and community in Pembrokeshire, south-west Wales.	Maenclochog	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria de Palautordera (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsantə məˈɾi.ə ðə pəˌɫawturˈðeɾə)) is a village and municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Santa Maria de Palautordera	Vallès Oriental
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pierre Rossiter and Charlotte Hines House is a house located in Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Pierre Rossiter and Charlotte Hines House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najmowo (najˈmɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Najmowo	Gmina Zbiczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tilam (Persian: تيلم‎, also Romanized as Tīlam and Tīlem) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tilam	Valupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llandeloy (Welsh: Breudeth) is a small village in Pembrokeshire, South West Wales.	Llandeloy	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stikkaåsen is a village in Sarpsborg municipality, Norway, located northwest of Sarpsborg city.	Stikkaåsen	Sarpsborg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wahlert Catholic High School is a private Roman Catholic high school in Dubuque, Iowa, United States, in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dubuque.	Wahlert Catholic High School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tymianki-Dębosze (tɨˈmjaŋki dɛmˈbɔʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tymianki-Dębosze	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marlowe Consolidated School was built in 1922 as an eight-room school to serve grades 1 through 8 in Marlowe, West Virginia.	Marlowe Consolidated School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sułkowice Pierwsze (suu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sułkowice Pierwsze	Gmina Piątek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chanin Building is a brick and terra-cotta skyscraper located at 122 East 42nd Street, at the corner of Lexington Avenue, in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Chanin Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muscle Shoals High School is the sole public secondary education institution in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.	Muscle Shoals High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houston Center is a retail and office complex in Downtown Houston, Texas, United States.	Houston Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łomia (ˈwɔmja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łomia	Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tadavan (Persian: تادوان‎, also Romanized as Tādavān; also known as Mādavān, Mādevān, and Taduwān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tadavan	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The first ``Ettamogah Pub'' of a chain of such pubs was built there and copies now exist in various parts of Australia including Sydney, New South Wales, the Sunshine Coast, Queensland and Cunderdin, Western Australia.	Ettamogah Pub	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczydół-Podwielątki (lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨduu̯ pɔdvjɛˈlɔntki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Leszczydół-Podwielątki	Gmina Wyszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arena Nova is an indoor multi-purpose stadium located in Wiener Neustadt, Austria.	Arena Nova	Wiener Neustadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moby Arena is an 8,745-seat basketball arena in Fort Collins, in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Moby Arena	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Mountain School was a therapeutic boarding school for girls located in Condon, Missoula County, Montana.	Mission Mountain School	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mianus River Bridge carries Interstate 95 over the Mianus River in the Cos Cob section of Greenwich, Connecticut.	Mianus River Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odiorne Point State Park is a New Hampshire state park located on the seacoast in Rye near Portsmouth.	Odiorne Point State Park	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falmouth Hospital is a private medical center located in Falmouth, Massachusetts founded in 1963.	Falmouth Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMAQ is an American radio station, licensed to operate at AM 1320 and FM 95.1 from Maquoketa, Iowa.	KMAQ	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loon Mountain Ski Resort is a ski resort in Lincoln, Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.	Loon Mountain Ski Resort	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heirisson Island is an island in the Swan River in Western Australia at the eastern end of Perth Water, between the suburbs of East Perth and Victoria Park.	Heirisson Island	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turnasuyu is a coastal village in the Gülyalı district of Ordu Province, Turkey, which takes its name from the nearby stream of Turna.	Turnasuyu	Gülyalı
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahuwa (Hindi: बहुवा, Urdu: بہُوا‎) is a town and a nagar panchayat in Fatehpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Bahuwa	Fatehpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Cellular Community Park is an athletic facility in the western United States, located in Medford, Oregon.	U.S. Cellular Community Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeside Speedway is a dirt auto racing track located in Kansas City, Kansas.	Lakeside Speedway	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behat is an ancient town and a nagar panchayat (municipality) in Saharanpur district on the northern tip of the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Behat	Saharanpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State of Franklin (also the Free Republic of Franklin or the State of Frankland) was an unrecognized, autonomous territory located in what is today eastern Tennessee, United States.	State of Franklin	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Baker National Forest was established in Washington on January 21, 1924 when its name was changed from Washington National Forest.	Mount Baker National Forest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tellenburg Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Frutigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Tellenburg Castle	Frutigen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurbaf (Persian: هورباف‎, also Romanized as Hūrbāf) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hurbaf	Tasuj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Fort Hood is an underground weapons storage area adjacent to Fort Hood in Texas.	West Fort Hood	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biles Island (Lenape: Minachkonk or Menahakonk) is an island in the Delaware River in Falls Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Biles Island	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomb KV43 is the tomb of Pharaoh Thutmose IV in the Valley of the Kings in Luxor, Egypt.	KV43	Luxor
located in the administrative territorial entity	The lowest and westernmost of the Issaquah Alps, Cougar Mountain is part of the highlands in suburban Seattle, Washington that rise abruptly from southeast of the intersection of I-90 and I-405.	Cougar Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Zanesville YWCA, located at 49 North 6th Street in Zanesville, Ohio, United States, is an historic building built in 1926 for members of the Young Women's Christian Association.	Zanesville YWCA	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roka (Khmer: ឃុំរកា) is a khum (commune) of Sangkae District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Roka	Sangkae District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snowdrop Science Academy (SSA) is a Pre-K-8 private school in Monroeville, Pennsylvania.	Snowdrop Science Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sundroj is a village in Khol Block of Rewari Tehsil, Rewari district, Gurgaon division, Haryana, India.	Sundroj	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aquatic Hall of Fame and Museum of Canada (www.AHFMC.ca) / La Galerie de la Renommée et le Musée Nautiques du Canada (www.GRMNC.ca) located in the Pan Am Pool in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada closed in 2006 and the collection was placed in storage.	Aquatic Hall of Fame and Museum of Canada	Pan Am Pool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Ridge County Park is a member of the Klamath County, Oregon, parks system.	Eagle Ridge County Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chang Khoeng (Thai: ช่างเคิ่ง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chaem District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Chang Khoeng	Mae Chaem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ezzahabad (Persian: عزه اباد‎, also Romanized as ``Ezzahābād; also known as ``Ezzābād) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 316, in 72 families.	Ezzahabad	Banesh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Outside Lands was the name used in the 19th century for the present-day Richmond District and Sunset District in San Francisco, California.	Outside Lands	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedna (ˈmjɛdna) (German: Honigbaum) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in Northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Miedna	Gmina Sępopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albertson Brook, also called Albertsons Brook, is the name of Nescochague Creek upstream of the confluence with Great Swamp Brook in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States.	Albertson Brook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Il Chapütschin is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, located between the Val Fex and the Val Roseg in the canton of Graubünden.	Il Chapütschin	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mains Castle (also known as Fintry Castle) is a 16th-century castle in Dundee, Scotland.	Mains Castle	Dundee	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flaherty Island is the largest island of the Belcher Islands group in Hudson Bay in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Flaherty Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Goleh (Persian: سياه گله‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Goleh, Seyāh Geleh, and Sīāh Geleh; also known as Sīāhgileh and Siyahgella) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Siah Goleh	Chaharduli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedrowice-Parcela (t͡sɛdrɔˈvit͡sɛ parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Cedrowice-Parcela	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Research Triangle, commonly referred to as simply The Triangle, is a region in the Piedmont of North Carolina in the United States, anchored by North Carolina State University, Duke University, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and the cities of Raleigh and Durham and the towns of Cary and Chapel Hill.	Research Triangle	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hiwassee River has its headwaters on the north slope of Rocky Mountain in Towns County in northern Georgia and flows northward into North Carolina before turning westward into Tennessee, flowing into the Tennessee River a few miles west of State Route 58 in Meigs County, Tennessee.	Hiwassee River	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukmorsky District (Russian: Кукморский райо́н; Tatar: Кукмара районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Kukmorsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metting (German: Mettingen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Metting	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildenrath is a township within the municipality of Wegberg in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Wildenrath	Wegberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton Street Synagogue, also known as Stanton Street Shul and Congregation Bnai Jacob Anshei Brzezan (Yiddish: קאנגרעגיישאן בני יעקב אנשי ברזעזאן‎, ``Congregation Sons of Jacob, People of Brzezan''), is a historic synagogue located at 180 Stanton Street on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York.	Stanton Street Synagogue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Del Cerro Park is a public park located in Rancho Palos Verdes, Los Angeles County, California.	Del Cerro Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yale Center for British Art at Yale University in downtown New Haven, Connecticut, houses the largest and most comprehensive collection of British art outside the United Kingdom.	Yale Center for British Art	New Haven, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buttonwood Covered Bridge is a covered bridge built in either 1878 or 1898 over Blockhouse Creek in Jackson Township, Lycoming County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Buttonwood Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalgah Chavil (Persian: كلگه چويل‎, also Romanized as Kalgah Chavīl; also known as Kalgah) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kalgah Chavil	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karpoš Municipality (Macedonian: Карпош ) is one of the ten municipalities that make up the city of Skopje, the capital of the Republic of Macedonia.	Karpoš Municipality	Macedonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranikot Fort (Sindhi: رني ڪوٽ‎, Urdu: قلعہ رانی کوٹ‎) is a historical fort near Sann, Jamshoro District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Ranikot Fort	Jamshoro District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvoyaman-e Jadid (Persian: خويمن جديد‎, also Romanized as Khvoyaman-e Jadīd and Khowyaman-e Jadīd) is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khvoyaman-e Jadid	Rahal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Lafayette County Courthouse, built 1893-1894, is an historic former courthouse building located on State Road 51 at 136 Fletcher Avenue, North, corner of Bloxham Street in Mayo, Florida, It was Lafayette County's second courthouse, the first at New Troy having burned down New Year's Eve 1892.	Old Lafayette County Courthouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Helmcken is a large hill in Metchosin, east of Sooke, in British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Helmcken	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Saints' Church, Oakham is a parish church in the Church of England in Oakham, Rutland.	All Saints' Church, Oakham	Rutland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cesko-narodni sin-Milligan Auditorium, also known as Milligan Auditorium, is an historic building located in Milligan, Nebraska that was built in 1929.	Cesko-narodni sin-Milligan Auditorium	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rice-Pennebecker Farm, also known as Fox Meadow Farm, is a historic farm and national historic district located in West Pikeland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Rice-Pennebecker Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jacobs Block, also known as the National Clothing House, is an 1870s historic building encompassing addresses in the 400 Block of Washington Street and the 100 Block of North Fourth Street in Oregon, Illinois.	Jacobs Block	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The church of St Margaret Moses stood on the east side of Friday Street in the Bread Street ward of the City of London.	St Margaret Moses	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milwaukee Junction, located just east of New Center, is an area in Detroit, Michigan with significant history related to the automobile industry.	Milwaukee Junction	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramot Mall (Hebrew: קניון רמות‎, Kenyon Ramot) is an indoor/outdoor shopping mall in Ramot, a neighborhood or Israeli settlement in northwest East Jerusalem.	Ramot Mall	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stillwater Cove Regional Park is a regional park north of Jenner, California, U.S.A. that is maintained by the Sonoma County Regional Parks Department.	Stillwater Cove Regional Park	Jenner, California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midalam is a small village situated in the west coast of Kanyakumari District, Tamil Nadu.	Midalam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wodan Timbur Coaster is a wooden roller coaster, located in the Europa-Park in Rust, Baden-Württemberg.	Wodan Timbur Coaster	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Shah (Persian: سه شاح‎, also Romanized as Seh Shāḥ; also known as Seh Shākh) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Seh Shah	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawisty Nadbużne (zaˈvistɨ nadˈbuʐnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zawisty Nadbużne	Gmina Małkinia Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	It Wytfean (Dutch: Witveen) is a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	It Wytfean	Tytsjerksteradiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hogg's Hollow Bridge, originally known as the Yonge Boulevard Viaduct, is a set of four separate highway bridges that span the Don River Valley in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and carries 14 lanes of Highway 401.	Hogg's Hollow Bridge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newtontoppen (Newton Peak) is the largest and highest mountain in Svalbard, at 1,713 m. Its peak is the highest point on Svalbard.	Newtontoppen	Svalbard
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXWT (91.3 FM) is a listener-supported public radio station in the Odessa, Texas market, and is owned and operated by Marfa Public Radio.	KXWT	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duchny Młode (ˈduxnɨ ˈmwɔdɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Duchny Młode	Gmina Śniadowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pileh Daraq (Persian: پيله درق‎, also Romanized as Pīleh Daraq; also known as Pīyeh Daraq) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pileh Daraq	Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 41 Middlesex Road in the Chestnut Hill section of Newton, Massachusetts is a well-preserved local example of Shingle style architecture.	House at 41 Middlesex Road	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Świdnica (ˈnɔva ɕfidˈnit͡sa) (German: Neu Schweinitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszyna, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Świdnica	Gmina Olszyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilgrim Hospital is a large hospital in the east of Lincolnshire on the A16, north of the town of Boston near the mini-roundabout with the A52.	Pilgrim Hospital	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiscoy Creek is a stream, approximately 15 miles long, in western New York in the United States.	Wiscoy Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Feriköy Cemetery (Turkish: Feriköy Mezarlığı) is a burial ground situated in Feriköy quarter of Şişli district on the European part of Istanbul, Turkey.	Feriköy Cemetery	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stanstead is a historic apartment building located at 19 Ware Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	The Stanstead	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrew Johnson National Historic Site is a National Historic Site in Greeneville, Tennessee, maintained by the National Park Service.	Andrew Johnson National Historic Site	Greeneville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1906 Olympia Brewery brewhouse, known locally as ``the Old Brewery'', is located at the base of the Tumwater Falls in Tumwater, Washington.	Olympia Brewery	Tumwater
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arapaho Glacier is an alpine glacier in a cirque immediately southeast of North Arapaho Peak, in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Arapaho Glacier	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morrab Library is an independent library based in Penzance, Cornwall in the UK.	Morrab Library	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieślanki (t͡ɕeˈɕlanki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Cieślanki	Gmina Szastarka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronowo Małe (brɔˈnɔvɔ ˈmawɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bronowo Małe	Gmina Prabuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southfleet is a small village and civil parish in the borough of Dartford in Kent, England.	Southfleet	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuthiathode is a gram panchayat in Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Kuthiathode	Alappuzha district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hitrino Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Хитрино) is a municipality (obshtina) in Shumen Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Ludogorie geographical region, part of the Danubian Plain.	Hitrino Municipality	Shumen Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westwood Plateau Golf & Country Club, located in the Canadian city of Coquitlam, British Columbia, comprises two golf courses set into the hillside of Eagle Mountain.	Westwood Plateau Golf & Country Club	Coquitlam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grasmere Schoolhouse No. 9 and Town Hall, also known as the Grasmere Grange Hall, is an historic building located at 87 Center Street in the village of Grasmere in Goffstown, New Hampshire.	Grasmere Schoolhouse No. 9 and Town Hall	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazinuiyeh (Persian: گزنوييه‎, also Romanized as Gazīnū’īyeh; also known as Garīnow, Garīnū’īyeh, and Gerīnū) is a village in Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gazinuiyeh	Siyah Banuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yangshan Quarry (Chinese: 阳山碑材; pinyin: Yángshān bēi cái; literally: ``Yangshan Stele Material'') is an ancient stone quarry near Nanjing, China.	Yangshan Quarry	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulder Bridge is a historic bridge located in the Washington, D.C. portion of Rock Creek Park, an urban national park listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Boulder Bridge	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPCG-LP (102.9 FM) is an LPFM radio station licensed to Canton, Georgia, an exurb of metro Atlanta.	WPCG-LP	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. George Academy is a private, Ukrainian Catholic high school in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City.	St. George Academy	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wainuiomata (/ˌwaɪnjuːiˈoʊmɑːtə/) is a large suburb of Lower Hutt, in the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Wainuiomata	Wellington Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesterfield Mall is a shopping center in Chesterfield, Missouri, at the intersection of Interstate 64/U.S.	Chesterfield Mall	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Martin Gusinde Anthropological Museum is an anthropology museum in Puerto Williams, Isla Navarino, in southernmost Chile.	Martin Gusinde Anthropological Museum	Puerto Williams
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Foster Building, originally the Hotel Foster, is located on State Street (NY 5) in Schenectady, New York, United States.	Foster Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terenten (Italian: Terento) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Bolzano.	Terenten	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palain (Persian: پلايين‎, also Romanized as Palā’īn) is a village in Khalazir Rural District, Aftab District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Palain	Khalazir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haymaker Hall is a co-ed residence hall at Kansas State University.	Haymaker Hall	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inverclyde or Inverclyde District was one of nineteen local government districts in the Strathclyde region of Scotland, which existed between 1975 and 1996.	Inverclyde District	Strathclyde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizu (Persian: ديزو‎, also Romanized as Dīzū) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dizu	Gabrik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de la Napoule is a restored French castle, located in Mandelieu-la-Napoule in the Alpes-Maritimes Department of France, It has been classified as an historical landmark since 1993, and the gardens are listed by the French Ministry of Culture as among the Notable gardens of France.	Château de la Napoule	Mandelieu-la-Napoule
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brierley Hill is a small town and electoral ward of the Dudley Metropolitan Borough, in the West Midlands of England, and is situated approximately 2.5 miles south of central Dudley and 2 miles north of Stourbridge.	Brierley Hill	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities (IATH) is a research unit of the University of Virginia, USA.	Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gainesville Municipal Airport (IATA: GLE, ICAO: KGLE, FAA LID: GLE) is a public-use airport located three miles (5 km) west of the central business district of Gainesville, a city in Cooke County, Texas, United States.	Gainesville Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Ohm House is a house located at the site of San Joaquin City, 6 miles (9.7 km) southeast of Tracy, California.	John Ohm House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taebla Parish (Estonian: Taebla vald) was a rural municipality in Lääne County, Estonia, that existed from 1992 to 2013.	Taebla Parish	Lääne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport (IATA: ITH, ICAO: KITH, FAA LID: ITH) is a county owned airport three miles northeast of Ithaca, the county seat and only city in Tompkins County, New York.	Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plavje (pronounced (ˈplaːu̯jɛ); Italian: Plavia Monte d'Oro) is a village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Plavje	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samangan-e Olya (Persian: سمنگان عليا‎, also Romanized as Samangān-e ``Olyā; also known as Samangan) is a village in Hojr Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 432, in 109 families.	Samangan-e Olya	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former independent municipality of Sprötze in the north German state of Lower Saxony was merged in 1972 with another five villages into the town of Buchholz in der Nordheide.	Sprötze	Buchholz in der Nordheide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rotnowo (rɔtˈnɔvɔ) (German: Rottnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rotnowo	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolniki Klonowskie (sɔkɔlˈniki klɔˈnɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sokolniki Klonowskie	Gmina Kostrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiraj Mahalleh-ye Kuchak (Persian: شيرج محله كوچك‎, also Romanized as Shīraj Maḩalleh-ye Kūchak) is a village in Mir Shams ol Din Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shiraj Mahalleh-ye Kuchak	Mir Shams ol Din Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boy Scout Lane is in the Town of Linwood, Portage County, Wisconsin.	Boy Scout Lane	Linwood
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brunswickan is the official student newspaper of the Fredericton campus of the University of New Brunswick, New Brunswick, Canada.	The Brunswickan	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lelese (Hungarian: Lelesz) is a commune in Hunedoara County, Romania.	Lelese	Hunedoara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maddi is a town and union council of Kulachi Tehsil, Dera Ismail Khan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.	Maddi	Dera Ismail Khan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Rosanbo, in the Breton commune of Lanvellec in the French département of Côtes d'Armor (22), overlooks the Bô river valley.	Château de Rosanbo	Lanvellec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny (1943-1945, German Schauenkirch) is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny	Gostynin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Leo Abbey is a Benedictine monastery located in Saint Leo, Florida, United States.	Saint Leo Abbey	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenwood Golf Course is a par 35, nine-hole golf course in Glenwood, Iowa.	Glenwood Golf Course	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Ownby Cabin is a historic cabin in Sevier County, Tennessee, United States.	John Ownby Cabin	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burnt Cabins Gristmill Property in Burnt Cabins, Pennsylvania includes a gristmill and house built in 1840.	Burnt Cabins Gristmill Property	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 18th Street Expressway Bridge is a one level deck truss, four lane crossing of the Kansas River in Kansas City, Kansas.	18th Street Expressway Bridge	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aquia Church is a historic church and congregation at 2938 Jefferson Davis Highway (US 1 at VA 610) in Stafford, Virginia, USA.	Aquia Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Majestic Bay is a triplex movie theater built in 1914 in the Ballard neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, USA.	The Majestic Bay	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baixa da Ponta dos Rosais is an oceanic plateau north-northwest of the coast of Ponta dos Rosais, municipality of Velas, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Baixa da Ponta dos Rosais	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutkowskie Małe (rutˈkɔfskʲɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rutkowskie Małe	Gmina Jaświły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lydeard St Lawrence or St Lawrence Lydiard is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 7 miles (11.3 km) north west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Lydeard St Lawrence	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khurai is a city in Sagar District and a municipality in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Khurai	Sagar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montelaterone (Italian: (ˌmontelateˈroːne)) is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Arcidosso, province of Grosseto, in the area of Mount Amiata.	Montelaterone	Arcidosso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Lake Road railway station is located in the community of Red Lake Road in Unorganized Kenora District, northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Red Lake Road railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kirkland Lake Miners' Memorial is a memorial in Kirkland Lake, Ontario, dedicated to the city's mining labourers.	Kirkland Lake Miners' Memorial	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Ulm Medical Center is a not-for-profit hospital and clinic serving the region in and around Brown County in south central Minnesota, United States.	New Ulm Medical Center	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carson City and Indian Village (or simply Carson City) was a road-side Wild West-themed amusement park located in Catskill, NY, approximately 2 miles north of the former Catskill Game Farm on New York State Route 32.	Carson City and Indian Village	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godlewo (ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Godlewo	Gmina Grajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyrabad-e Koruni (Persian: خيرابادكروني‎, also Romanized as Kheyrābād-e Korūnī; also known as Korūnī-ye Kheyrābād) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kheyrabad-e Koruni	Deris Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulmer is a village and civil parish in South Buckinghamshire district in Buckinghamshire, England.	Fulmer	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Asiab-e Mugarmun (Persian: سراسياب موگرمون‎, also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Mūgarmūn; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Asiab-e Mugarmun	Mugarmun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angermünde (German pronunciation: (aŋɐˈmʏndə)) is a town in the district of Uckermark in the state of Brandenburg, Germany.	Angermünde	Uckermark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharekh (Persian: شارخ‎, also Romanized as Shārekh) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sharekh	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strumianki (struˈmjanki) (German: Heinrichsau) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kolsko, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Strumianki	Gmina Kolsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wheeler No. 1 Oil Well was the first well drilled in the Drumright-Cushing Oil Field of northeast Oklahoma, near Drumright.	Wheeler No. 1 Oil Well	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahar-e Khurlat (Persian: نهارخورلات‎, also Romanized as Nahār-e Khūrlāt) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nahar-e Khurlat	Siahkalrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muraszemenye (Croatian: Semenince) is a village in Zala County, Hungary.	Muraszemenye	Zala County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saling Gewog (Dzongkha: ས་གླིང་) is a gewog (village block) of Mongar District, Bhutan.	Saling Gewog	Mongar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bocognano, along with 9 other communes, belongs to the canton of Celavo-Mezzana.	Bocognano	canton of Celavo-Mezzana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crocheron-McDowall House is a Greek Revival style house located in Bastrop, Texas.	Crocheron-McDowall House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJMK (93.9 FM) is a Classic Hits radio station broadcasting from Joplin, Missouri, with an effective radiated power of 48,000 watts.	KJMK	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	1100 Grand Concourse is a co-operative apartment building located in the Grand Concourse neighborhood of The Bronx, New York.	1100 Grand Concourse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruczynów (ruˈt͡ʂɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ruczynów	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karl-Liebknecht-Straße is a major street in the German capital Berlin, Mitte district.	Karl-Liebknecht-Straße	Mitte
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bermuda Hundred Campaign was a series of battles fought at the town of Bermuda Hundred, outside Richmond, Virginia, during May 1864 in the American Civil War.	Bermuda Hundred Campaign	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sainte-Foy railway station is located on Chemin de la Gare in the borough of Sainte-Foy, part of Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	Sainte-Foy railway station	Quebec City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leake-Ingham Building is a historic commercial building in Camden, Arkansas.	Leake-Ingham Building	Camden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre Verlaine was a theater located at 66 rue de Rochechouart in the 9th arrondissement of Paris.	Théâtre Verlaine	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaarma Parish was a municipality of Saare County, Estonia next to Kuressaare.	Kaarma Parish	Saare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Under the Couch (UTC) is a live music venue, recording studio, and lounge located in the Student Center at Georgia Tech, in Atlanta, Georgia.	Under the Couch	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hübichenstein is an unusual rock formation in the Harz mountains, 50 meters in height, located on highway B242 about one kilometer northwest of Bad Grund, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Hübichenstein	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karnieszewice (karɲɛʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sianów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, usually called ``STOLICA'' which means ``CAPITAL''.	Karnieszewice	Gmina Sianów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annemasse (French pronunciation: ​(anmas)) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Annemasse	Haute-Savoie
located in the administrative territorial entity	North District Park (Chinese: 北區公園) is a public park situated between Sheung Shui and Fanling in North District, Hong Kong.	North District Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ninepin Group (Chinese: 九針群島) or Kwo Chau Islands (果洲群島) is a group of 29 islands in the easternmost waters of Hong Kong.	Ninepin Group	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnold Islets are about 3 islands about 10 km east of the Jardine River Resource Reserve Jardine River National Park in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland, Australia, in the Cape York Peninsula about 70 km southeast of Bamaga.	Arnold Islets	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFZY-FM is a community radio station which operates at 104.1 MHz/FM in Stockholm, Saskatchewan, Canada.	CFZY-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarna Grobla (ˈt͡ʂarna ˈɡrɔbla) (German: Schwarzdamm) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czarna Grobla	Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaize Bailey is a small hamlet and viewpoint on the eastern edge of the Forest of Dean, in Gloucestershire, England.	Blaize Bailey	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bizjan-e Olya (Persian: بيزجان عليا‎, also Romanized as Bīzjān-e ``Olyā; also known as Bīzjān) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 348, in 80 families.	Bizjan-e Olya	Ramjerd-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolbolu-ye Kalantar (Persian: بلبلوكلانتر‎, also Romanized as Bolbolū-e Kalāntar; also known as Bolbolū) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bolbolu-ye Kalantar	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samqan (Persian: سامقان‎, also Romanized as Sāmqān and Sāmghān) is a village in Miyan Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Samqan	Miyan Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunschoten ((ˈbʏnˌsxoːtə(n))) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht.	Bunschoten	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Won Institute of Graduate Studies is an accredited graduate school located in Glenside, Pennsylvania.	Won Institute of Graduate Studies	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYPR is a public radio station serving the Baltimore, Maryland metropolitan area.	WYPR	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Brańsk (braɲsk) is a rural gmina (Polish:gmina wiejska) in Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship.	Gmina Brańsk	Bielsk County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czapiewice Wybudowanie (t͡ʂapjɛˈvit͡sɛ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czapiewice Wybudowanie	Gmina Brusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narcissus Hut is an alpine hut located in the Central Highlands of Tasmania.	Narcissus Hut	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chequamegon Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Long Island, one of the Apostle Islands, in Lake Superior in Ashland County, Wisconsin, near the city of Bayfield.	Chequamegon Point Light	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Hope Village District, also known as New Hope M.R.A. District No. 1, is a national historic district located in New Hope, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	New Hope Village District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Island Beach State Park is a New Jersey state park located just south of Seaside Park on the Barnegat Peninsula in Berkeley Township, Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Island Beach State Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owkhchilar (Persian: اوخچيلار‎, also Romanized as Owkhchīlār; also known as Ūkhchelar) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Owkhchilar	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	SUNY Downstate Medical Center, located in central Brooklyn, New York, is the only academic medical center for health education, research, and patient care serving Brooklyn's 2.5 million residents.	SUNY Downstate Medical Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zyfflich is a village near the Dutch city of Nijmegen in the municipality of Kranenburg, Kreis Kleve in the German State of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Zyfflich	Kranenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osiedle Nowy Glinnik (ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡlinnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Osiedle Nowy Glinnik	Gmina Lubochnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wormsgraben is a waterway in the Harz Mountains of central Germany in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Wormsgraben	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azghand Rural District (Persian: دهستان ازغند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Azghand Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mark Morris High School is a public high school in Cowlitz County in Longview, Washington, USA, for grades nine through twelve.	Mark Morris High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bjervamoen is part of Lunde in Nome municipality, Norway.	Bjervamoen	Nome
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Shedwick Development Houses (also known as the Lancastle) is a set of four historic rowhouses located in the Powelton Village neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	John Shedwick Development Houses	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Mary of Sorrows Roman Catholic Church, is located at 938 Genesee Street, Buffalo, New York in the cities east side.	Saint Mary of Sorrows Roman Catholic Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wesley Butler Archeological District (designated 33HA249) is a historic district composed of a group of archaeological sites in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Wesley Butler Archeological District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buttermilk Falls State Park is a 751-acre (3.04 km2) state park located southwest of Ithaca, New York, USA.	Buttermilk Falls State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sądzia-Cegielnia (ˈsɔnd͡ʑa t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszakowice, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sądzia-Cegielnia	Gmina Włoszakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiseh Jin (Persian: كيسه جين‎, also Romanized as Kīseh Jīn; also known as Kesjīn, Kīsajīn, Kīsayīn, Kīsheh Jīn, and Kīsjīn) is a village in Abgarm Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kiseh Jin	Abgarm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anuj-e Sofla (Persian: انوج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Anūj-e Sofla) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Anuj-e Sofla	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirlu (Persian: اميرلو‎, also Romanized as Amīrlū and Amir Loo) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, Bizineh Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Amirlu	Bizineh Rud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samborsko (samˈbɔrskɔ) (German: Zamborst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Samborsko	Gmina Jastrowie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasnohvardiiske Raion (Ukrainian: Красногвардійський район, Russian: Красногвардейский район, Crimean Tatar: Qurman rayonı) is one of the 25 regions of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia.	Krasnohvardiiske Raion	Autonomous Republic of Crimea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watonga Regional Airport (ICAO: KJWG, FAA LID: JWG) is a city owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of Watonga, a city in Blaine County, Oklahoma, United States.	Watonga Regional Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Posht (Persian: دره پشت‎) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Darreh Posht	Eslamabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carter Caves State Resort Park is located in Carter County, Kentucky, United States, along Tygarts Creek.	Carter Caves State Resort Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziarnów (ˈd͡ʑarnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dziarnów	Gmina Mogielnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Hill Patrick Henry National Memorial, in Charlotte County, Virginia near the Town of Brookneal, honors Patrick Henry, the fiery legislator and orator of the American Revolution.	Red Hill Patrick Henry National Memorial	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkton of Glenisla is a village in Glen Isla, Angus, Scotland.	Kirkton of Glenisla	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peace River Suspension Bridge was a bridge near Taylor, British Columbia, Canada, crossing the Peace River.	Peace River Suspension Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipie Śląskie (ˈlipjɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawonków, within Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Lipie Śląskie	Gmina Pawonków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxford Street is a major road in the City of Westminster in the West End of London.	Oxford Street	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aven d'Orgnac is a cave located near Orgnac-l'Aven, in the Ardèche département.	Aven d'Orgnac	Ardèche
located in the administrative territorial entity	This referendum resulted in the establishment of the short-lived Republic of Crimea, which consisted of both Sevastopol and Crimea.	Sevastopol	Republic of Crimea
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bacon Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges System, located in western Kern County, California.	Bacon Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of Purification Catholic Church is a historic church at Camino Real and 2nd Street in Dona Ana, New Mexico.	Our Lady of Purification Catholic Church	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peaky Blinders were a criminal gang based in Birmingham, England, in the late 19th century and to a lesser extent, in the early 20th century.	Peaky Blinders	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notukeu-Willow Bunch was a provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, located south of Old Wives Lake.	Notukeu-Willow Bunch	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert Allerton Park is a 1,517-acre (614 ha) park, nature center, and conference center located in the rural Piatt County township of Willow Branch, near Monticello, Illinois on the upper Sangamon River.	Robert Allerton Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arapahoe Park is a horse-racing track in Arapahoe County, 26000 East Quincy Ave, Aurora, Colorado 80016.	Arapahoe Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulfport Combat Readiness Training Center is a United States Air Force training center, located at Gulfport-Biloxi International Airport, Mississippi.	Gulfport Combat Readiness Training Center	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 'Old Kerosene Store' is located at Bathers Beach in Fremantle, Western Australia, adjacent to the ruins of the original Fremantle Long Jetty.	Old Kerosene Store	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mineo (Sicilian: Minìu, Greek: Menaion and Menai, Latin: Menaeum and Menaenum) is a town and comune in the Province of Catania, part of the Sicily.	Mineo	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durham Academy (DA) is an independent, coeducational, day school in Durham, North Carolina, whose 1,100 students range from pre-kindergarten to 12th grade.	Durham Academy	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Usza Mała (ˈuʂa ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Usza Mała	Gmina Klukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaguny (waˈɡunɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łaguny	Gmina Opinogóra Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conservatory of Flowers is a greenhouse and botanical garden that houses a collection of rare and exotic plants in Golden Gate Park, San Francisco, California.	Conservatory of Flowers	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowally is a village and parish in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Dowally	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlefield Congregational Chapel is a building located at 378 Deansgate, Manchester, England.	Castlefield Congregational Chapel	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dayu County (Chinese: 大余县; Pinyin: Dàyú Xiàn) is a county in western Ganzhou Municipality, Jiangxi Province.It is known for The Capital of Tungsten.	Dayu County	Ganzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yangtse Gewog (Dzongkha: གཡང་རྩེ་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashiyangtse District, Bhutan.	Yangtse Gewog	Trashiyangtse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lura Lake is a lake in Blue Earth County, Minnesota and Faribault County, Minnesota, in the United States.	Lura Lake	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	123 Mission Street, sometimes referenced as the Pacific Gas & Electric Building, is a 124 m (407 ft) 29 floor skyscraper in the South Beach neighborhood of San Francisco, California, completed in 1986.	123 Mission Street	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novate Mezzola is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) north of Milan and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Sondrio, on the border with Switzerland.	Novate Mezzola	Province of Sondrio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palais Lieben-Auspitz is a Ringstraßenpalais in Vienna, Vienna, located in the city's Innere Stadt.	Palais Lieben-Auspitz	Innere Stadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devil's Bellows Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa on the regional road R351, between Fort Beaufort and Sada, Eastern Cape.	Devil's Bellows	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lambayeque Province is the largest of three provinces in Peru's Lambayeque Region.	Lambayeque Province	Lambayeque Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Star Valley High School is a high school located in rural Afton, Lincoln County, Wyoming, and one of two high schools in Lincoln County School District Number 2, along with Cokeville High School.	Star Valley High School	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEPS (1270 AM, ``Tejano 127'') is a radio station licensed to serve Eagle Pass, Texas, USA.	KEPS	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zillah School District No. 205 is a public school district in Yakima County, Washington, USA and serves the town of Zillah.	Zillah School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohagro is a seasonal settlement on Lewis in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Ohagro	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podwojponie (pɔdvɔi̯ˈpɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Podwojponie	Gmina Szypliszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kumielsk (ˈkumʲɛlsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kumielsk	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khokhrapar or Khokhropar (Urdu: کھوکھراپار‎) is a border town situated in Tharparkar District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Khokhrapar	Tharparkar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loddon River, an inland river of the north--central catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the lower Riverina bioregion and Central Highlands and Loddon Mallee regions of the Australian state of Victoria.	Loddon River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drzeżewo (dʐɛˈʐɛvɔ) (German: Dresow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Drzeżewo	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourbon Street Hotel and Casino was a small hotel and casino near the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.	Bourbon Street Hotel and Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beecher Hall is the oldest building on the campus of Illinois College in Jacksonville, Illinois.	Beecher Hall	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay State Raceway, later known as New England Harness Raceway, Foxboro Raceway, and Foxboro Park was a harness racing track located in Foxborough, Massachusetts, United States that operated from 1947 until 1997.	Bay State Raceway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Waen (Thai: แม่แวน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Phrao District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Waen	Phrao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard Gardens Apartments, in Woodside, Queens, New York City, is a 960-unit apartment opened in June 1935, during the Great Depression.	Boulevard Gardens Apartments	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gotelp (ˈɡɔtɛlp) (German: Gotthelf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gotelp	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stiftung Louisenlund is a privately run boarding school for boys and girls in Güby, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Stiftung Louisenlund	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Wang Thong (Thai: ท่าวังทอง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Phayao District, in Phayao Province, Thailand.	Tha Wang Thong	Mueang Phayao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostołty (mɔsˈtɔu̯tɨ) (German: Mostolten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mostołty	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giovanni Battista dei Genovesi (Saint John the Baptist of the Genoans) is a Roman Catholic church on via Anicia in the Trastevere district of Rome.	San Giovanni Battista dei Genovesi	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoddom Castle is a large tower house in Dumfries and Galloway, south Scotland.	Hoddom Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hietzinger Synagogue (German: Hietzinger Synagoge) was a synagogue in the Hietzing district of Vienna, Austria.	Hietzinger Synagogue	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flix (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈfɫiʃ), locally: (ˈfliʃ)) is a town in the comarca of Ribera d'Ebre, Catalonia, Spain.	Flix	Ribera d'Ebre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parran Hall is an academic building on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh on Fifth Avenue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Parran Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Vith (German: Sankt Vith; French: Saint-Vith; Luxembourgish: Sankt Väit) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Liège, and in the German speaking Community of Belgium.	St. Vith	German speaking Community of Belgium
located in the administrative territorial entity	Križmani (pronounced (ˈkɾiːʒmani); in older sources also Križmane, German: Krischman) is a small settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Križmani	Osilnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sauris (German: Zahre; Friulian: Sauris) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia.	Sauris	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moratock Park is a public park in Danbury, North Carolina that includes the site of Moratock Iron Furnace.	Moratock Park	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akorha (Hindi: अकोढ़ा) is a village in Pindra Tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Akorha	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikah Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيكاه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Bikah District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bikah Rural District	Bikah District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badgheyn (Persian: بادغين‎, also Romanized as Bādgheyn) is a village in Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District, Abgarm District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Badgheyn	Kharaqan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtak Dishmuk (Persian: دشتك ديشموك‎, also Romanized as Dashtak Dīshmūk; also known as Dashtak) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dashtak Dishmuk	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yachats State Recreation Area is a state park in southern Lincoln County, Oregon, in the central district of the town of Yachats.	Yachats State Recreation Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuddebackville Dam was a concrete dam on the Neversink River in Deerpark, Orange County, New York near the town of Cuddebackville, removed in October, 2004 to benefit aquatic life.	Cuddebackville Dam	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raavitsa (also known as Raavitse) is a village in Karula Parish, Valga County, in southeastern Estonia.	Raavitsa	Karula Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deoksugung, also known as Gyeongun-gung, Deoksugung Palace, or Deoksu Palace, is a walled compound of palaces in Seoul that was inhabited by various Korean royalties until the colonial period around the turn of the 20th century.	Deoksugung	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Corinth Baptist Church is a historic African-American Baptist church located on N. Herndon Street in Union, Union County, South Carolina.	Corinth Baptist Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyndham-Carseland Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada, located 24.5 km (15.2 mi) south of Strathmore and 4 km (2.5 mi) south of Carseland, along Highway 24.	Wyndham-Carseland Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgebrach (German pronunciation: (ˈbʊʁk ˈeːbʁax)) is a market town in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg and the seat of the administrative community (Verwaltungsgemeinschaft) of Burgebrach.	Burgebrach	Bamberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardin botanique alpin du Lautaret (Alpine botanical garden of Lautaret) (2 hectares) is an alpine botanical garden located at 2100 metres altitude in the Col du Lautaret of the Dauphiné Alps, near Villar-d'Arêne, Hautes-Alpes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Jardin botanique alpin du Lautaret	Hautes-Alpes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hirmula is a village in the municipality of Keminmaa in Lapland in north-western Finland.	Hirmula	Keminmaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside International Automotive Museum, or RIAM, is a non-profit corporation, located in Riverside, California, dedicated to; ``Preserving the memory of California's rich motorsports heritage''.	Riverside International Automotive Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patterson Brothers Commercial Building and House (Rogers Hardware) was an historic commercial building at 161 Broad Street in Valley Falls, a village of Cumberland, Rhode Island.	Patterson Brothers Commercial Building and House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Owens Farm is a historic home and farm at Bristol, Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	James Owens Farm	Anne Arundel County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tisangi is a village in the Ratnagiri district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Tisangi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbu Kolayeh (Persian: اربوكلايه‎, also Romanized as Ārbū Kolāyeh) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Arbu Kolayeh	Shirju Posht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasmaji (Persian: رسمجي‎, also Romanized as Rasmajī; also known as Rasmahjī) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rasmaji	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wells Island is a bar island in Tyler County, West Virginia on the Ohio River.	Wells Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Lincolnshire is a unitary authority area in the region of Yorkshire and the Humber in England.	North Lincolnshire	Yorkshire and the Humber
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lidzbark County (Polish: powiat lidzbarski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Lidzbark County	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre de la Mer et des Eaux was an aquarium and museum of marine life located in the 5th arrondissement in the building of the Institut Océanographique at 195, rue Saint-Jacques, Paris, France.	Centre de la Mer et des Eaux	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajloun Governorate (alternative spelling Ajlun Governorate) (Arabic: محافظة عجلون‎) is one of the governorates of Jordan, located north of Amman the capital of Jordan.	Ajloun Governorate	Jordan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyoming Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in New York in the United States.	Wyoming Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green Lane landfill is a landfill near London, Ontario in Canada.	Green Lane landfill	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cariboo Regional District spans the Cities and Districts of Quesnel, Williams Lake, 100 Mile House, and Wells in the Central Interior of British Columbia.	Cariboo Regional District	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Main, Suomi College is an educational building located on Quincy Street on the Finlandia University campus in Hancock, Michigan.	Old Main, Suomi College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akçakoca is both a town and district of Düzce Province, in the Black Sea region of Turkey, located about 200 km east of Istanbul.	Akçakoca	Düzce Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biejków (ˈbjɛi̯kuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Biejków	Gmina Promna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Airy Forest, in Cincinnati, Ohio, was established in 1911.	Mount Airy Forest	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilton Polden is a rural village and civil parish, situated close to Edington on the Somerset Levels to the north of the Polden Hills in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset, England.	Chilton Polden	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hole-in-the-Ground is a large maar (volcanic explosion crater) in the Fort Rock Basin of Lake County, central Oregon, northeast of Crater Lake, near Oregon Route 31.	Hole-in-the-Ground	Lake County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulevard Voltaire is a well-known boulevard in the 11th arrondissement of Paris.	Boulevard Voltaire	11th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenna Dam, is an earthfill dam on Chenna river near Gadchiroli in state of Maharashtra in India.	Chenna Dam	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillsboro School District 1J is a unified school district located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Hillsboro School District	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Gertrude High School is an independent Catholic college preparatory day school for young women grades 9-12 in Richmond, Virginia.	Saint Gertrude High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łodwigowo (wɔdviˈɡɔvɔ) (German Ludwigsdorf), also referred to as Ludwikowice, is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łodwigowo	Gmina Grunwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bat Cave Archeological Site in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, near Kenton, is a 3-acre (1.2 ha) archeological site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.	Bat Cave Archeological Site	Cimarron County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan City of Bologna is part of the region of Emilia-Romagna in northwestern Italy.	Metropolitan City of Bologna	Emilia-Romagna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tutang (Persian: توتنگ‎, also Romanized as Tūtang; also known as Homā-ye Bālā) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tutang	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myaing Township (Burmese: မြိုင် မြို့နယ်) is a township of Pakokku District in the Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Myaing Township	Pakokku District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wokkpash Lake is a lake in the Canadian Rockies in northeast British Columbia, Canada.	Wokkpash Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veinte Reales is one of the constituent barangays in the city of Valenzuela, Metro Manila in the Philippines.	Veinte Reales	Valenzuela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively, Shypylivka belongs to the Popasna Raion (district) of the oblast as a part of the Bilohorvka local council.	Shypylivka	Popasna Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warwood Fire Station is a historic fire station located at Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia.	Warwood Fire Station	Wheeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qingfengdian (simplified Chinese: 清风店; traditional Chinese: 清風店; pinyin: Qīngfēngdiàn) is a town under the administration of Dingzhou City in western Hebei province, China, located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northeast of downtown Dingzhou and just off of China National Highway 107.	Qingfengdian	Dingzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llan Ffestiniog, also known as Ffestiniog or simply Llan, is a village in Gwynedd (formerly county of Merionethshire), north Wales, lying south of Blaenau Ffestiniog.	Llan Ffestiniog	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minnehaha Island is in the Potomac River in Montgomery County, Maryland (39.025°N 77.24444°W).	Minnehaha	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saluda River is a principal tributary of the Congaree River, about 200 mi (320 km) long, in northern and western South Carolina in the United States.	Saluda River	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pastra (Greek: Πάστρα) is a village and a community in the southeastern part of the island of Kefalonia, Greece.	Pastra	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sloss Furnaces is a National Historic Landmark in Birmingham, Alabama in the United States.	Sloss Furnaces	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Twin Falls is located about 15 miles west of Joyce, Washington.	East Twin Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Clarence Kind House, at 751 Marsh Ave. in Reno, Nevada, United States, is a historic Tudor Revival-style house that was built in 1934.	J. Clarence Kind House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Memorial to the Engine Room Heroes of the Titanic is a granite monument located on St. Nicholas Place, at the Pier Head, in Liverpool, England.	Memorial to the Engine Room Heroes of the Titanic	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Rajab (Persian: حاج رجب‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Rajab; also known as Ḩājjī Rajab and Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Rajab) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hajj Rajab	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totana is a municipality of the Region of Murcia province in Spain.	Totana	Region of Murcia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ulan Mały (ˈulan ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ulan Mały	Gmina Ulan-Majorat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otole (ɔˈtɔlɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Otole	Gmina Pasym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerm-e Zard (Persian: كرم زرد‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kerm-e Zard	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Fe Plaza is a National Historic Landmark in downtown Santa Fe, New Mexico in the style of traditional Spanish-American colonial cities.	Santa Fe Plaza	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of St James, Twickenham is a Roman Catholic church at 61 Pope's Grove, Twickenham, in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	Church of St James, Twickenham	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKSX-FM is an oldies music formatted radio station located in Johnston, South Carolina, and is part of the Augusta, Georgia, radio market (mostly on the South Carolina side of the Savannah River).	WKSX-FM	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brauntex Theatre is a former movie palace (now a performing arts theater) located in downtown New Braunfels in the U.S. state of Texas.	Brauntex Theatre	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Creek Canyon is a canyon on the Chilcotin River, located around the confluence of Big Creek in the Chilcotin District of British Columbia, Canada.	Big Creek Canyon	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babergh (pronounced /ˈbeɪbər/, BAY-bər) is a local government district in Suffolk, England.	Babergh	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minneapolis Club is a private club with its clubhouse at 729 Second Avenue South Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Minneapolis Club	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	MetroWest Medical Center is a teaching hospital in Framingham and Natick, Massachusetts.	MetroWest Medical Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varfell is a hamlet within the parish of Ludgvan, Cornwall, England, UK.	Varfell	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karani (Persian: كاراني‎, also Romanized as Kārānī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karani	Pir Sohrab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lokva (Serbian: Локва) is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac, Serbia.	Lokva	Knjaževac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aiti (in Corsican Àiti, pronounced (ˈaː.i.di)) is a French commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.	Aiti	Haute-Corse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Inner Mongolia Museum (simplified Chinese: 内蒙古博物院; traditional Chinese: 內蒙古博物院; pinyin: Nèiměnggǔ Bówùyuàn) is a regional museum in the city of Hohhot in Inner Mongolia, in north China.	Inner Mongolia Museum	Hohhot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfortville (French pronunciation: ​(al.fɔʁ.vil)) is a commune in the Val-de-Marne department in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Alfortville	Val-de-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiddingstone Causeway is a village 4 miles (6 km) west of Tonbridge in Kent, England.	Chiddingstone Causeway	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yabalkovets (Bulgarian: Ябълковец) is a mountain village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Yabalkovets	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalan Besar Stadium is an 8,000-capacity football stadium located along Jalan Besar, in Kallang, Singapore.	Jalan Besar Stadium	Kallang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarqojoq (Persian: قرقجق‎, also Romanized as Qārqojoq; also known as Qaramjoq) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qarqojoq	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Huron Harbor Light is a lighthouse in Huron, Ohio on Lake Erie, on the west pier of the Huron Harbor.	Huron Harbor Light	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaraki (Persian: زراكي‎, also Romanized as Zarakī and Zarākī) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zaraki	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portishead and North Weston is a civil parish with a Town Council in North Somerset, England.	Portishead and North Weston	North Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qizleq (Persian: قيزلق‎, also Romanized as Qīzleq; also known as Qezleq) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qizleq	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valin Jeq (Persian: ولينجق‎, also Romanized as Valīn Jeq; also known as Varīnjeq) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District, Qaleh Chay District, Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Valin Jeq	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holland Junior/Senior High School is a public high school located in the Town of Holland, Erie County, New York, U.S.A., and is the only high school operated by the Holland Central School District.	Holland Junior/Senior High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul Windle Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 8K7) is a closed and no longer used airport located east of the central business district of Greensburg, a city in Kiowa County, Kansas, United States.	Paul Windle Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Imperial Granum-Joseph Parker Buildings in New Haven, Connecticut is a listing of two buildings on 0.9 acres (0.36 ha) on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.	Imperial Granum-Joseph Parker Buildings	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rezagahi (Persian: رضاگاهي‎, also Romanized as Reẕāgāhī; also known as Reẕāgāh and Reza Gāhī Rodeh-ye Chūmeh) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rezagahi	Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The (Avigdor Hirsch) Torah Temimah Primary School, located in the former Dollis Hill Synagogue, is a one form entry Voluntary Aided maintained primary school in the London Borough of Brent.	Torah Temimah Primary School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felmersham is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Bedford in Bedfordshire, England, on the River Great Ouse, about 7 miles (11 km) north west of Bedford.	Felmersham	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonah Aliyari (Persian: بنه علي ياري‎, also Romanized as Bonah ʿAlīyārī) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bonah Aliyari	Mugarmun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Bugue (Occitan: Al Buga or Lo Buga) is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.	Le Bugue	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahesh-e Pain (Persian: كاهش پائين‎, also Romanized as Kāhesh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kahesh-e Pain	Chashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zam Zaman (Persian: زمزمان‎, also Romanized as Zam Zamān) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Zam Zaman	Arkavazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cattolica Eraclea (Sicilian: Catòlica) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) south of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Agrigento nearby the Platani river valley.	Cattolica Eraclea	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa de Fruta is a large roadside attraction located in an unincorporated area of Santa Clara County, just west of the Merced County line, in the Pacheco Valley of Northern California, along State Route 152.	Casa de Fruta	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopijki (kɔˈpii̯ki) (German: Goldenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kopijki	Gmina Prostki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Abdal or Hassan Abdal (Urdu: حسن ابدال‎) is a historic town of 50,000 residents in Attock District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Hasan Abdal	Attock District
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the administrative center of Befale Territory, located in the Tshuapa District of Équateur province.	Befale	Tshuapa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh-ye Jik (Persian: تپه جيك‎, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Jīk and Tappeh Jīk) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District, Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tappeh-ye Jik	Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toller Whelme is a small village in West Dorset, England, situated in the civil parish of Corscombe approximately 2.3 miles (3.7 km) east of Beaminster, 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Bridport and 13 miles (21 km) north-west of Dorchester.	Toller Whelme	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1 January 2005, Dinxperlo is a part of the municipality of Aalten.	Dinxperlo	Aalten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Mohammadabad (Persian: كوشكمحمداباد‎, also Romanized as Kūshk-e Moḩammadābād; also known as Kūshk-e Ḩājjī Gholūm) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Mohammadabad	Banesh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yamn (Persian: يمن‎, also Romanized as Yaman) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Yamn	Galehzan Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shur Dasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان شوردشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Shur Dasht Rural District	Shara District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goode-Hall House, also commonly known as Saunders Hall, is a historic plantation house in the Tennessee River Valley near Town Creek, Alabama.	Goode-Hall House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Irving Memorial is located at Broadway (US 9) and West Sunnyside Lane in Irvington, New York.	Washington Irving Memorial	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnalu बर्नालु is a market in Siddhicharan Municipality in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal.	Barnalu	Okhaldhunga District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitt Stadium was a stadium located on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania from 1925 to 1999.	Pitt Stadium	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teresław (tɛˈrɛswaf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Teresław	Gmina Dębe Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hance House and Barn is a historic home located in East Bradford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Hance House and Barn	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Maritime du Québec (English: Maritime Museum of Québec, also known as the Musée Bernier) is a maritime museum located in the centre of the municipality of L'Islet in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of Quebec, Canada.	Musée Maritime du Québec	L'Islet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Sloatsburg Cemetery is located at the end of Richard Street in Sloatsburg, New York, United States.	Old Sloatsburg Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obolonskyi District (Ukrainian: Оболонський район, Obolons'kyi raion) is an urban district of the Ukrainian capital Kiev.	Obolonskyi District	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kisiny (kiˈɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działdowo, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kisiny	Gmina Działdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unterdöbling was an independent municipality until 1892 and is today a part of Döbling, the 19th district of Vienna.	Unterdöbling	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahaneh-ye Gudu (Persian: دهنه گودو‎, also Romanized as Dahaneh-ye Gūdū) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dahaneh-ye Gudu	Toghrol Al Jerd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendley Manor is a hotel, conference and function center near Tring, Hertfordshire, UK.	Pendley Manor	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazumeh (Persian: گزومه‎, also Romanized as Gazūmeh) is a village in Banadkuk Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Gazumeh	Banadkuk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mean Green Village is a collection of athletic facilities in Denton, Texas.	Mean Green Village	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFYR (FM 97.3) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format and licensed for Elmwood, Illinois, USA, in the Peoria area.	WFYR	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amalgamated Warbasse Houses is a limited equity housing cooperative in Coney Island, Brooklyn, New York City.	Amalgamated Warbasse Houses	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Grange Dam is a masonry-gravity diversion dam on the Tuolumne River near La Grange, California.	La Grange Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John T. Loughran Bridge carries US 9W over Rondout Creek between Kingston and Port Ewen, New York, USA.	John T. Loughran Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michael Garron Hospital (MGH), formerly Toronto East General Hospital (TEGH), is a community teaching hospital located at 825 Coxwell Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, in the former borough of East York.	Michael Garron Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greensburg Central Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic high school located in Greensburg, Pennsylvania and the Roman Catholic Diocese of Greensburg.	Greensburg Central Catholic High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weister Creek is a stream, some 25 miles (40 km) long, in Vernon County (formerly Bad Axe County) in southwestern Wisconsin in the United States and is a tributary of the Kickapoo River.	Weister Creek	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralph Wenz Field (IATA: PWY, ICAO: KPNA, FAA LID: PNA) is a town-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) southeast of the central business district of the town of Pinedale in Sublette County, Wyoming, United States.	Ralph Wenz Field	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutherford Creek is a tributary of the Green River, British Columbia, Canada, entering that river a few miles above Nairn Falls Provincial Park, near the village of Pemberton.	Rutherford Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Satar Rural District (Persian: دهستان سطر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Satar Rural District	Kolyai District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jason Russell House is a historic house in Arlington, Massachusetts, the site of the bloodiest fighting on the first day of the American Revolutionary War, April 19, 1775 (the Battle of Lexington and Concord).	Jason Russell House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cité du Havre is a neighbourhood in the borough of Ville-Marie of the city of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Cité du Havre	Ville-Marie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gujar Khan (Punjabi/Urdu: گوجرخان‎) is a city in Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Gujar Khan	Rawalpindi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKSL (97.9 FM), also known as 97.9 Kiss-FM, is a commercial radio station located in Neptune Beach, Florida, broadcasting to the Jacksonville, Florida area on 97.9 FM.	WKSL	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bojanówka (bɔjaˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wohyń, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bojanówka	Gmina Wohyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabbit Ears Pass (el. 9426 ft, 2873 m) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado in the United States.	Rabbit Ears Pass	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muntilan is a sub-district in Magelang Regency, Central Java, on the old railway route to Kebon Polo Station Magelang and Blabak Station Mungkid from Tugu Station Yogyakarta, and on the recent route of tourists on their way to Borobudur.	Muntilan	Magelang Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 285 (I-285) is an Interstate Highway loop encircling Atlanta, Georgia, for 63.98 miles (102.97 km).	Interstate 285	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buccleuch Mansion is located in Buccleuch Park in New Brunswick in Middlesex County, New Jersey, along the Raritan River.	Buccleuch Mansion	New Brunswick	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ugrzele (uˈɡʐɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ugrzele	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belair Stud was an American thoroughbred horse racing stable and breeding farm founded by Provincial Governor of Maryland Samuel Ogle in 1747 in Collington, Prince George's County, Maryland, in Colonial America.	Belair Stud	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lusardi's is a Northern Italian restaurant located at 1494 Second Avenue (between East 77th and East 78th Streets) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, in New York City.	Lusardi's	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKay Creek National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located between plains and the Blue Mountains of Eastern Oregon.	McKay Creek National Wildlife Refuge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostki-Daćbogi (ˈrɔstki dat͡ɕˈbɔɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rostki-Daćbogi	Gmina Zaręby Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewis and Clark Lake is an impoundment on the Missouri River above Gavins Point Dam, near Yankton, South Dakota.	Lewis and Clark Lake	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mid-Coast School of Technology also known as MCST, is a CTE School in the town of Rockland, Maine in the United States.	Mid-Coast School of Technology	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moiano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Naples and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Benevento on the western slope of the Monte Taburno, on the river Isclero.	Moiano	Province of Benevento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Gresley is a village and civil parish about 1.75 miles (2.82 km) southwest of the centre of Swadlincote in South Derbyshire, England.	Castle Gresley	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frequency Changing Station in Spokane, Washington is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Frequency Changing Station	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadarm (Persian: كدرم‎, also Romanized as Kederm; also known as Kahrād) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kadarm	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paulerspury is a civil parish and small village in South Northamptonshire, England.	Paulerspury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judge John Ryon House, or Judge Ira Kilbourne House, is a historic home located at Lawrenceville in Tioga County, Pennsylvania.	Judge John Ryon House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudshur Rural District (Persian: دهستان رودشور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Rudshur Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jolmarz (Persian: جلمرز‎; also known as Jowl Marz) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jolmarz	Qahab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowshan Rural District (Persian: دهستان جوشان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Golbaf District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jowshan Rural District	Golbaf District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linzi District (simplified Chinese: 临淄区; pinyin: Línzī Qū) is part of Zibo, a prefecture-level city central Shandong province, China.	Linzi District	Zibo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blairstown Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Blairstown Township, New Jersey, United States, that serves students in Kindergarten through sixth grade.	Blairstown Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karanjia is a town and a Notified Area Council in Mayurbhanj district in Indian state of Odisha.	Karanjia	Mayurbhanj district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Versko (Bulgarian: Верско) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Versko	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Thermos Bottle Company Laurel Hill Plant, located in the Laurel Hill section of Norwich, Connecticut, in the United States, includes 11 contributing buildings and two other contributing structures.	American Thermos Bottle Company Laurel Hill Plant	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Athletic Club of Columbus or ACC, is a private social club and athletic club in Columbus, Ohio, USA.	Athletic Club of Columbus	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cairneyhill is a small village in west Fife, Scotland.	Cairneyhill	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beydli (Persian: بيدلي‎, also Romanized as Beydlī) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Beydli	Alamut-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Featherstone is a town and civil parish in the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England.	Featherstone	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamsburg Memorial Park is a 41-acre, non-profit, multi-denominational cemetery located at 130 King William Drive in Williamsburg, Virginia, USA.	Williamsburg Memorial Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hopkinton Dam and Spillway is a historic site at the eastern end of Hopkinton Reservoir in Hopkinton State Park in Ashland, Massachusetts.	Hopkinton Dam and Spillway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sacramento Wash is a major drainage of northwest Arizona in Mohave County.	Sacramento Wash	Arizona
member of political party	Alberto Fabra Part (Castellón de la Plana, 1964) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party.	Alberto Fabra	People's Party
member of political party	María Teresa González is a Puerto Rican politician from the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).	María Teresa González	Popular Democratic Party
member of political party	Sir Eric Errington, 1st Baronet (17 March 1900 -- 3 June 1973) was a British barrister and Conservative Party politician.	Eric Errington	Conservative Party
member of political party	Christian Buchmann (born September 27, 1962 in Graz) is an Austrian politician (Austrian People's Party) and since 2005 highest official for economy, innovation and finances in the province of Styria.	Christian Buchmann	Austrian People's Party
member of political party	In September 2010, before the local elections, a recording in the possession of website Stop.hu contained Fidesz-backed independent candidates for local council posts in Kóny, Győr-Moson-Sopron County discussed asking László Domokos, State Audit Office chief and Alpár Gyopáros to help them discredit Socialist Party-backed mayor Imre Aller.	Alpár Gyopáros	Fidesz
member of political party	George Denison Faber, 1st Baron Wittenham, CB, DL (14 December 1852 -- 1 February 1931), known as Denison Faber, was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Denison Faber, 1st Baron Wittenham	Conservative Party
member of political party	However, due to a dispute between the two men, Kim Dae-jung split off from the main opposition party, the Reunification Democratic Party, and formed the Party for Peace and Democracy to run for the presidency.	Kim Dae-jung	Democratic Party
member of political party	Charles George Eustice (born 28 September 1971, Cornwall), known as George Eustice, is a British Conservative Party politician, who was elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament for Camborne and Redruth, winning by 66 votes.	George Eustice	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ilias Iliou (Greek: Ηλίας Ηλιού, also transliterated as Ēlías Ēlioú; May 1904 -- January 25, 1985) was a Greek lawyer and politician, member of the Greek Parliament and leader of the United Democratic Left (EDA).	Ilias Iliou	United Democratic Left
member of political party	Sein Lwin, succeeded Ne Win as Burma Socialist Programme Party Chairman on 26 July and San Yu as President on 27 July 1988.	Sein Lwin	Burma Socialist Programme Party
member of political party	Suzanne Crouch is an American Republican Party politician who is currently the 56th state Auditor of Indiana.	Suzanne Crouch	Republican Party
member of political party	Thakur Ram Lal (7 July 1929 -- 6 July 2002 in Shimla) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress in Himachal Pradesh.	Thakur Ram Lal	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Linda Gilroy (née Jarvie; born 19 July 1949) is a British Labour Co-operative politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Plymouth Sutton from 1997 until her defeat at the 2010 general election by the Conservative Party candidate, Oliver Colvile.	Linda Gilroy	Labour Co-operative
member of political party	Sir William Payne-Gallwey, 2nd Baronet (1807 - 19 December 1881) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1851 to 1880.	Sir William Payne-Gallwey, 2nd Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	During 1977 Lok Sabha Elections, the fragmented opposition united a few months before the elections under the Janata Party banner, for which Ch Charan Singh had been struggling almost single handedly since 1974 when the Congress rigged the state elections in Uttar Pradesh in their favor.	Charan Singh	Janata Party
member of political party	Pawan Kumar Bansal (born 16 July 1948) is an Indian National Congress politician and a former minister in the Manmohan Singh government.	Pawan Kumar Bansal	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Rapolu Ananda Bhaskar (born 15 January 1964) is an Indian journalist turned politician belonging to Indian National Congress.	Rapolu Ananda Bhaskar	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Geir Axelsen (born 15 May 1965) is a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Norwegian Labour Party.	Geir Axelsen	Norwegian Labour Party
member of political party	Carlos de la Madrid Virgen (24 May 1940 -- 26 August 2014) was a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party, he was Governor of Colima from 1991 to 1997 and also served as Mayor of Colima, Colima until 1991, when he was appointed to the Governature.	Carlos de la Madrid Virgen	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Jill Evans (born 8 May 1959) is Plaid Cymru Member of the European Parliament for Wales and First Vice President of The Greens--	Jill Evans	Plaid Cymru
member of political party	Mehmet Salih Uzun (b. 1970 Kocaeli, Turkey) is a Turkish politician and former and final leader of the Motherland Party (Anavatan Partisi, ANAP).	Salih Uzun	Motherland Party
member of political party	Lam Kui-chun, JP (born 20 November 1941, Macau) is a member of the Liberal Party and was the unofficial member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1991--95).	Lam Kui-chun	Liberal Party
member of political party	William Howie, Baron Howie of Troon (born 2 March 1924), known as Will Howie, is a retired British Labour Party politician and former Member of Parliament (MP).	William Howie, Baron Howie of Troon	Labour Party
member of political party	Rajendra Kumari Bajpai (8 February 1925 -- 17 July 1999) was an Indian National Congress politician, a former Union Minister of India and former Lieutenant Governor of Pondicherry.	Rajendra Kumari Bajpai	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Manoranjan Kalia is leader of Bharatiya Janata Party legislature party in Punjab in India and cabinet minister in Akali Dal- BJP government.	Manoranjan Kalia	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Inge Myrvoll (born 21 June 1948) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party and trade unionist from Rana.	Inge Myrvoll	Socialist Left Party
member of political party	Donal C. Fox (December 16, 1903-August 15, 1987) was an American Democratic Party official who represented Essex County in the New Jersey State Senate from 1956 to 1964.	Donal C. Fox	Democratic Party
member of political party	Leicester Viney Vernon (1798 -- 14 April 1860) was a British Conservative Party politician from Berkshire.	Leicester Viney Vernon	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ardian Turku is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.	Ardian Turku	Democratic Party of Albania
member of political party	Sander Loones (born 26 January 1979 in Veurne) is a Belgian Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since October 2014 for the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA) - the Belgian delegation to the European Conservatives and Reformists Group.	Sander Loones	New Flemish Alliance
member of political party	Gajendra Singh Rajukhedi (born 11 December 1964 in Village Rajukhedi, Dhar district) is an Indian politician, belonging to Indian National Congress.	Gajendra Singh Rajukhedi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Zion Silvan Shalom (Hebrew: ציון סילבן שלום‎, born 4 August 1958) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1992 and 2015.	Silvan Shalom	Likud
member of political party	Zdravka Bušić (born 6 September 1950 in Imotski) is a Croatian Democratic Union politician who served as an MEP for one year between 2013 and 2014.	Zdravka Bušić	Croatian Democratic Union
member of political party	Sardar Dost Muhammad Khosa (Urdu: دوست محمد کھوسہ ‎) (born 22 October 1973) is a Pakistani politician affiliated with centre-right Pakistan Muslim League (N).	Dost Muhammad Khosa	Pakistan Muslim League
member of political party	David A. Pepper is an American politician, the chairman of the Ohio Democratic Party (began his term in January 2015), a former councilman for the city of Cincinnati and former member of the Hamilton County, Ohio Board of Commissioners.	David A. Pepper	Democratic Party
member of political party	John Candlish (bapt. 28 April 1816 -- 17 March 1874) was a British glass bottle manufacturer and Liberal Party politician.	John Candlish	Liberal Party
member of political party	Lin Shu-fen (Chinese: 林淑芬; pinyin: Lín Shūfēn; Wade--Giles: Lin Shu-fen) is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan.	Lin Shu-fen	Democratic Progressive Party
member of political party	Vir Bahadur Singh was an Indian politician belonging to Indian National Congress.	Vir Bahadur Singh	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Wolf-Heinrich Graf von Helldorff (14 October 1896 -- 15 August 1944) was a German police official and politician, who served as a Member of the Prussian Parliament during the Weimar Republic, as a Member of the German Parliament for the Nazi Party from 1933 and as president of police in Potsdam and Berlin.	Wolf-Heinrich Graf von Helldorff	Nazi Party
member of political party	Wilson Lloyd (3 September 1835 -- 4 September 1908) was an English iron founder and a Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1885 and 1895.	Wilson Lloyd	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ramón Martín Huerta (January 24, 1957 -- September 21, 2005) was a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party (PAN).	Ramón Martín Huerta	National Action Party
member of political party	Juan José Güemes (full name Juan José Güemes Barrios) is a Spanish politician, a former member of the Madrid Assembly from the People's Party who served as Minister of Health and Minister of Employment and Diversity for the Autonomous Community of Madrid.	Juan José Güemes	People's Party
member of political party	Alexander Gordon Cameron (1876 -- 30 May 1944) was a British trades unionist and Labour Party politician.	Alexander Gordon Cameron	Labour Party
member of political party	David R. Craig (born June 12, 1949) is a Republican Party politician from the State of Maryland who unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination for Governor of Maryland in 2014.	David R. Craig	Republican Party
member of political party	Elected governor of São Paulo state in 1920 and president of Brazil in 1926, Washington Luís belonged to the Republican Party of São Paulo (PRP) and served as the last president of the First Brazilian Republic (see also café com leite, coronelismo).	Washington Luís	Republican Party of São Paulo
member of political party	Ram Jati Singh, OBE (1908--1992) was a Fiji Indian politician and landlord who was elected to the Legislative Council in the 1966 general elections on the National Federation Party (NFP) ticket.	Ram Jati Singh	National Federation Party
member of political party	Suresh Chandel (born 19 March 1960) is an Indian politician and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Suresh Chandel	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Mirlande Manigat was the presidential candidate for the Rally of Progressive National Democrats (RDNP) centre-right party.	Mirlande Manigat	Rally of Progressive National Democrats
member of political party	Gerald Boland (Irish: Gearroid Ua Beolláin; 25 May 1885 -- 5 January 1973) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Gerald Boland	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Olav Ulleren (born 7 October 1954) is a Norwegian organizational leader, civil servant and former politician for the Centre Party.	Olav Ulleren	Centre Party
member of political party	Jordi Sevilla Segura (Valencia, Spain 19 March 1956), is a Spanish politician, Economist and former Minister for Public Administration (2004--2007) who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.	Jordi Sevilla	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Amarpal Singh Ajnala is an Indian politician and belongs to the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal.	Amarpal Singh Ajnala	Akali Dal
member of political party	Eric John Sever (born 1 April 1943) is a former Labour Party politician in England.	John Sever	Labour Party
member of political party	Chris Hazzard (born 20 August 1984) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician who was selected by his party as a member (MLA) of the Northern Ireland Assembly to represent the South Down constituency in April 2012.	Chris Hazzard	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Ashwamedh Devi (born 18 September 1967) is a politician and a Member of Parliament elected from the Ujiarpur constituency in the Indian state of Bihar being a Janata Dal (United) candidate.	Ashwamedh Devi	Janata Dal (United
member of political party	Stephen Fuller (died 1984) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served as Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kerry North constituency.	Stephen Fuller	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Monica Mæland (born 6 February 1968) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party who has been Minister of Trade and Industry since 16 October 2013.	Monica Mæland	Conservative Party
member of political party	Savino Pezzotta (born December 25, 1943) is an Italian trade unionist and politician, and the president of the White Rose party.	Savino Pezzotta	White Rose
member of political party	Rajendra Mahato (born 19 November 1958) is a Nepali politician and the President of the Nepal Sadbhavana Party (NSP) party.	Rajendra Mahato	Sadbhavana Party
member of political party	Kris Peeters (Dutch: (peːtərs); born 18 May 1962) is a Belgian politician and member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party.	Kris Peeters	Christian Democratic and Flemish
member of political party	Sir Richard McBride, KCMG (December 15, 1870 -- August 6, 1917) was a British Columbia politician and is often considered the founder of the British Columbia Conservative Party.	Richard McBride	British Columbia Conservative Party
member of political party	Wu Guanzheng (born August 1938) is a former Chinese politician and one of the major leaders of the Communist Party of China during the administration of Hu Jintao.	Wu Guanzheng	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Khurshed Alam Khan (5 February 1919 -- 20 July 2013) was an Indian politician and a senior leader of the Indian National Congress political party and was the first Muslim to serve as a minister in the foreign office.	Khurshed Alam Khan	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Thomas Derrig (Irish: Tomás Ó Deirg; 26 November 1897 -- 19 November 1956) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Thomas Derrig	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Alexandrine Latendresse (born April 30, 1984 in Montreal, Quebec) was the New Democratic Party Member of Parliament for Louis-Saint-Laurent and was elected in the 2011 Canadian federal election.	Alexandrine Latendresse	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Geraldo Júlio de Mello Filho (born 19 March 1971), is a Brazilian politician, he is a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party.	Geraldo Júlio	Brazilian Socialist Party
member of political party	She is the first woman to hold the office A senior and influential member of Central Executive Committee of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), Fahmida Mirza hails from the influential Sindhi family has represented the Badin Constituency since 1997.	Fahmida Mirza	Pakistan Peoples Party
member of political party	Abul Hasnat Khan is an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPM).	Abul Hasnat Khan	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Nicolas Bay (born December 21, 1977 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Yvelines) is a French politician close to the National Front.	Nicolas Bay	National Front
member of political party	Ramesh Chennithala (Malayalam:രമേശ്‌ ചെന്നിത്തല) (born 25 May 1956, in Chennithala, Mavelikkara, Kerala, India) is an Indian politician, affiliated to Indian National Congress.	Ramesh Chennithala	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Later Wu Songgao participated to the Wang Jingwei regime, and was appointed to the Central Executive Member of the Kuomintang (Wang's clique) and the secretary of the Central Political Committee.	Wu Songgao	Kuomintang
member of political party	Garba Nadama was a fierce rival of Alhaji Ibrahim Gusau for the National Party of Nigeria (NPN) nomination for Sokoto deputy governor in 1979.	Garba Nadama	National Party of Nigeria
member of political party	Walter Buser (born 14 April 1926 in Lausen, Switzerland) is a former Swiss Politician from the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland (SDP).	Walter Buser	Social Democratic Party of Switzerland
member of political party	Marine Le Pen (French pronunciation: ​(ma.ʁin lə.pɛn); born Marion Anne Perrine Le Pen; 5 August 1968) is a French politician who is the president of the National Front (FN), a national-conservative political party in France and one of the main political forces.	Marine Le Pen	National Front
member of political party	Silvia Hernández Enríquez (born 1948) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who served as Secretary of Tourism from December 1994 to December 1997.	Silvia Hernández Enríquez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Shigeru Ishiba and Gen Nakatani, ex-ministers of Liberal Democratic Party of Japan (LDP) affiliated to the openly revisionist lobby Nippon Kaigi, are the prime movers behind a proposed rearmament of Japan.	Gen Nakatani	Liberal Democratic Party
member of political party	Margaret Mary Pearse (24 August 1878 -- 7 November 1968) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and teacher.	Margaret Mary Pearse	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Guy R. Gregg (born December 14, 1949, Brooklyn, New York) is an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1992--2008, where he represented the 24th Legislative District.	Guy R. Gregg	Republican Party
member of political party	Cai Gongshi (Chinese: 蔡公時; pinyin: Cài Gōngshí; Wade--Giles: Tsai Gongshi, May 1, 1881 - May 3, 1928) was a Kuomintang emissary killed by Japanese soldiers during the Jinan Incident.	Cai Gongshi	Kuomintang
member of political party	Brian Bermingham is an Irish Fine Gael politician and a member of Cork City Council.	Brian Bermingham	Fine Gael
member of political party	John Wesley Brown (1873 -- November 8, 1944) was Conservative Party member of the UK House of Commons for Middlesbrough East between the general elections of 1922 to 1923.	John Wesley Brown	Conservative Party
member of political party	Vere Bird, Jr. (c. 1937 - 31 March 2013) was an Antiguan lawyer and politician who served as chairman of the Antigua Labour Party (ALP) and a government minister.	Vere Bird, Jr.	Antigua Labour Party
member of political party	Matt Kelty conceded his loss with his family in the early evening at Allen County Republican Party headquarters.	Matt Kelty	Republican Party
member of political party	Åge Starheim (born 23 May 1946 in Eid) is a Norwegian politician, formerly for the Progress Party.	Åge Starheim	Progress Party
member of political party	Qu Qiubai (Chinese: 瞿秋白; 29 January 1899 -- 18 June 1935) was a leader of the Communist Party of China in the late 1920s.	Qu Qiubai	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Sen. Sirika Hadi is a former pilot and a Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, who represents Katsina North Senatorial District under the platform of Congress for Progressive Change.	Sirika Hadi	Congress for Progressive Change
member of political party	C. Richard Fiore (July 18, 1931 -- July 12, 2003) was an American Republican Party politician who served two terms in the New Jersey General Assembly.	C. Richard Fiore	Republican Party
member of political party	Gudmund Restad (born 19 December 1937) is a politician for the Norwegian Centre Party.	Gudmund Restad	Centre Party
member of political party	Jagdish Tytler (b. 11 January 1944 as Jagdish Singh Kapoor) is an Indian National Congress politician and former member of the Parliament of India.	Jagdish Tytler	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Odd Rikard Olsen (18 June 1947 -- 10 April 2012) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Conservative Party.	Odd Rikard Olsen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Gábor Scheiring (born March 14, 1981) is a Hungarian economist and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Politics Can Be Different (LMP) National List between 2010 and 2014.	Gábor Scheiring	Politics Can Be Different
member of political party	Arthur Griffith (Irish: Art Ó Gríobhtha; 31 March 1872 -- 12 August 1922) was an Irish politician and writer, who founded and later led the political party Sinn Féin.	Arthur Griffith	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Jerzy Buzek was a member of the Solidarity Electoral Action (AWS) and co-author of the AWS's economic program.	Jerzy Buzek	Solidarity Electoral Action
member of political party	Michael O'Kennedy (born 21 February 1936) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician, who served in a range of cabinet positions, including Minister for Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Minister for Foreign Affairs, Minister for Finance and Irish European Commissioner.	Michael O'Kennedy	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Eric Tanenblatt (born August 15, 1966) is a U.S. Republican Party activist from the state of Georgia.	Eric Tanenblatt	Republican Party
member of political party	Rui Falcão (born in Pitangui, on 26 November 1943) is a Brazilian politician, the incumbent president of the Workers' Party (Partido dos Trabalhadores).	Rui Falcão	Workers' Party
member of political party	Zoran Zaev (Macedonian: Зоран Заев; born 8 October 1974 in Strumica) is the political leader of the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia (SDSM) and the leader of opposition in the Republic of Macedonia.	Zoran Zaev	Social Democratic Union of Macedonia
member of political party	Richard Baker Wingfield-Baker (sometimes Richard Baker Wingfield Baker or Richard Wingfield Baker; born Richard Baker Wingfield) (1802 - 25 March 1880) MP, DL, was a Liberal Party politician, High Sheriff and Deputy Lieutenant in the English county of Essex.	Richard Baker Wingfield-Baker	Liberal Party
member of political party	Matthew Evans, Baron Evans of Temple Guiting CBE (born 7 August 1941) is a British Labour Party politician.	Matthew Evans, Baron Evans of Temple Guiting	Labour Party
member of political party	Arlene McCarthy OBE (born 10 October 1960, Belfast, Northern Ireland) was a Member of the European Parliament for North West England for the Labour Party from 1994 to 2014.	Arlene McCarthy	Labour Party
member of political party	Elliott Anthony (born 1827) was a prominent Illinois lawyer and judge who was active in the founding of the Republican Party.	Elliott Anthony	Republican Party
member of political party	Sir Thomas Gresley, 10th Baronet (17 January 1832 -- 18 December 1868) was an English Conservative Party politician who was elected to the constituency of South Derbyshire, but died before he took his seat.	Sir Thomas Gresley, 10th Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	Julián Grimau García (1911, Madrid--April 20, 1963, Madrid) was a Spanish politician, member of the Communist Party of Spain, executed during Francisco Franco's dictatorship.	Julián Grimau	Communist Party of Spain
member of political party	Tan Sri Datuk Mohamad Asri Muda (10 October 1923 -- 28 August 1992) was a Malaysian politician who served as the President of the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS) from 1969 to 1982, and as the Menteri Besar (Chief Minister) of Kelantan.	Asri Muda	Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party
member of political party	Deepender Singh Hooda (born 4 January 1978) has twice served as a member of parliament in India, where he represents the Indian National Congress from the Rohtak constituency in Haryana.	Deepender Singh Hooda	Indian National Congress
member of political party	C. Perumal (died 18 July 2013) was an Indian politician of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party and incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Yercaud constituency.	C. Perumal	All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam
member of political party	Abdelkebir Zahoud (Arabic: عبد الكبير زهود‎ -- born 13 January 1961, Ouled Azzouz near Oued Zem) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party.	Abdelkebir Zahoud	Istiqlal Party
member of political party	Peter Staples (born 15 October 1947 in Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian former politician for the Australian Labor Party.	Peter Staples	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Bhaiyalal Rajwade is an Indian politician who is a Bharatiya Janata Party Member of the Legislative Assembly from the Baikunthpur Vidhan Sabha constituency in the Legislative Assembly of Chhattisgarh in India.	Bhaiyalal Rajwade	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Diarmuid Wilson (born 20 November 1965) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann, elected by the Administrative Panel since September 2002.	Diarmuid Wilson	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Ciarán Murphy (born 30 May 1940) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician who was a Teachta Dála (TD) for Wicklow from 1973 to 1982.	Ciarán Murphy	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Samuel D. Thompson (born July 31, 1935) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey Senate since January 2012, representing the 12th Legislative district.	Samuel D. Thompson	Republican Party
member of political party	Friedrich Wilhelm Hermann Wagener (March 8, 1815 in Segeletzt (now Wusterhausen) -- April 22, 1889 in Friedenau (now part of Berlin)) was a Prussian jurist, chief editor of the Kreuzzeitung (The ``New Prussian Newspaper'') and was a politician and minister from the Prussian Conservative Party.	Hermann Wagener	Conservative Party
member of political party	Elder Magnus Odion Ugbesia is a Nigerian politician who was elected to the National Senate in 2007 representing the Edo Central constituency of Edo State for the People's Democratic Party (PDP).	Odion Ugbesia	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	John McAllion (born 13 February 1948, Glasgow) is a campaigner for the Scottish Socialist Party, as well as former Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP), Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP), and convenor of Tayside Regional Council.	John McAllion	Scottish Socialist Party	Labour Party
member of political party	Datuk Abdul Rahman Bakri (born 10 November 1965) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Sabak Bernam constituency in Selangor from 2008 to 2013, sitting as a member of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) party in the governing Barisan Nasional coalition.	Abdul Rahman Bakri	United Malays National Organisation
member of political party	Ali Esbati (Persian: علی اثباتی‎‎; born 12 September 1976) is a Swedish politician (of the Left Party) and economist, and was the chairman of Young Left 2001--2004.	Ali Esbati	Left Party
member of political party	Jim Elliott is the current Chairman of the Montana Democratic Party and a former member of the Montana Senate, representing District 7 from 2001 to 2009.	Jim Elliott	Democratic Party
member of political party	Brendan Corish (19 November 1918 -- 17 February 1990) was an Irish Labour Party politician, and leader of his party from 1960 to 1977.	Brendan Corish	Labour Party
member of political party	Sir Robert Gunter, 1st Baronet (2 November 1831 -- 17 September 1905) was a British army officer, property developer and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1905.	Robert Gunter	Conservative Party
member of political party	Eugen Fried (13 March 1900 -- 17 August 1943) was a Czechoslovak communist who played a leading role in the French Communist Party in the 1930s and early 1940s as the representative of the Communist International.	Eugen Fried	French Communist Party
member of political party	Abel Pacheco de la Espriella (i/əˈbɛl pəˈtʃeɪkoʊ/ ə-BEL pə-CHAY-koh; born 22 December 1933 in San José) was president of Costa Rica between 2002 and 2006, representing the Social Christian Unity Party (Partido Unidad Social Cristiana -- PUSC).	Abel Pacheco	Social Christian Unity Party
member of political party	Joanna Gash (born 21 July 1944), an Australian politician, was a member of the House of Representatives representing the Division of Gilmore for the Liberal Party from 1996 to 2013.	Joanna Gash	Liberal Party
member of political party	Martin Hoop (born Carl Martin Hoop April 14, 1892 in Lägerdorf, District of Steinburg, Schleswig-Holstein; died May 11, 1933 in Zwickau) was a district leader in the Communist Party of Germany in Saxony and a supporter of the Weimar Republic presidential candidate Ernst Thälmann.	Martin Hoop	Communist Party of Germany
member of political party	Augustus Stafford (22 June 1811 -- 15 November 1857), also known as Augustus Stafford O'Brien-Stafford, was a British landowner and Conservative Party politician.	Augustus Stafford	Conservative Party
member of political party	Ernő Gerő (ˈɛrnøː ˈɡɛrøː) (born Ernő Singer; 8 July 1898 -- 12 March 1980) was a Hungarian Communist Party leader in the period after World War II and briefly in 1956 the most powerful man in Hungary as first secretary of its ruling communist party.	Ernő Gerő	Hungarian Communist Party
member of political party	Frederick Chatfield Smith (11 June 1823 -- 20 April 1905) was head of Smith's Bank in Nottingham and a British Conservative Party politician.	Frederick Chatfield Smith	Conservative Party
member of political party	Douglas H. Fisher (born 1947) is the New Jersey Secretary of Agriculture and an American Democratic Party politician.	Douglas H. Fisher	Democratic Party
member of political party	Dr T. N. Seema (born 1 June 1963) is an Indian social worker, teacher, and politician who is currently a member of parliament (for Rajya Sabha) elected from Kerala for the Communist Party of India (Marxist).	T. N. Seema	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Adam Ciołkosz (pronounced (ˈadam ˈt͡ɕɔwkɔʂ); January 5, 1902 - October 1, 1978) was a Polish scout, soldier, publicist and politician, who was one of the most important leaders of the Polish Socialist Party, both in the Second Polish Republic and in exile during and after World War II.	Adam Ciołkosz	Polish Socialist Party
member of political party	Xie Fuzhi (Chinese: 谢富治; pinyin: Xiè Fùzhì; Wade--Giles: Hsieh Fu-chih) (1909--1972) was a Communist Party of China military commander, political commissar, and national security specialist.	Xie Fuzhi	Communist Party of China
member of political party	After a long dispute with the party leadership NRU Ivan Drach in March 2005 left the party and joined the Ukrainian People's Party Yuri Kostenko.	Ivan Drach	Ukrainian People's Party
member of political party	Inese Lībiņa-Egnere (born 25 September 1977) is a Latvian lawyer and politician representing the Reform Party.	Inese Lībiņa-Egnere	Reform Party
member of political party	Mom Rajawongse Seni Pramoj (May 26, 1905 -- July 28, 1997) (Thai: หม่อมราชวงศ์เสนีย์ ปราโมช, rtgs: Seni Pramot, pronunciation: (sěː.niː praː.môːt)) was three times the prime minister of Thailand and a politician in the Democrat Party.	Seni Pramoj	Democrat Party
member of political party	Amos Tuck (August 2, 1810 -- December 11, 1879) was a political figure in New Hampshire and a founder of the Republican Party.	Amos Tuck	Republican Party
member of sports team	In the following season, Sávio returned to Spain and was one of the most important players in Real Zaragoza, for which he played three years.	Sávio	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Dionte Johnson (born June 28, 1986 in Columbus, Ohio) is a former American football fullback for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League.	Dionte Johnson	Arizona Cardinals
member of sports team	Serigne Modou Kara Mbodji (born 11 November 1989), commonly known as Kara or Kara Mbodji, is a Senegalese defender who currently plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht.	Kara Mbodji	R.S.C. Anderlecht
member of sports team	Kepa Arrizabalaga Revuelta (born 3 October 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Valladolid on loan from Athletic Bilbao as a goalkeeper.	Kepa Arrizabalaga	Real Valladolid
member of sports team	Víctor Yoshimar Yotún Flores (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbiktoɾ ʝosiˈmar ʝoˈtun ˈflores); born 7 April 1990 in Callao, Peru) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays for Malmö FF and the Peru national team, as a left back or left winger.	Yoshimar Yotún	Malmö FF
member of sports team	Sutaji (born 1975) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persema Malang as a midfielder.	Sutaji	Persema Malang
member of sports team	Park Hee-sung (Hangul: 박희성; Hanja: 朴熙成; born 7 April 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Seongnam FC in the K-League.	Park Hee-sung	Seongnam FC
member of sports team	Ridwan Awaludin (born in Bogor, West Java October 10, 1992) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PS Bangka in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division as a Midfielder.	Ridwan Awaludin	PS Bangka
member of sports team	Mirosław Szymkowiak (Polish pronunciation: (miˈrɔswaf ʂɨmˈkɔvʲak)) (born 12 November 1976 in Poznań, Poland) is a retired Polish footballer, who played last for Turkish club Trabzonspor.	Mirosław Szymkowiak	Trabzonspor
member of sports team	Troy Stoudermire (born July 1, 1990) is an American football defensive back who is currently a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Troy Stoudermire	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Rudy Kuechenberg is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Chicago Bears, Green Bay Packers, Cleveland Browns, and Atlanta Falcons.	Rudy Kuechenberg	Chicago Bears	Green Bay Packers	Cleveland Browns	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Aaron Patton (born 6 February 1979) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Wycombe Wanderers.	Aaron Patton	Wycombe Wanderers
member of sports team	Corey Lemonier (/lɛmɒnjeɪ/; born November 19, 1991) is an American football outside linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL).	Corey Lemonier	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Joe Ciaravino (born October 26, 1976) is a former Canadian soccer player who played as Goalkeeper for the Toronto Jets, Toronto Italia, and the Toronto Lynx.	Joe Ciaravino	Toronto Jets
member of sports team	Piotr Celeban (born June 25, 1985 in Szczecin) is a Polish footballer who play for Śląsk Wrocław Although primarily a central defender, when needed he operates as a right back.	Piotr Celeban	Śląsk Wrocław
member of sports team	Michael Eagar played for the Newcastle Knights and South Queensland Crushers in Australia and Warrington Wolves, Castleford Tigers and Hull in the European Super League.	Michael Eagar	Warrington Wolves	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Ben Breeze (born 8 April 1974, Exeter) is an English born rugby union player who represented England 7's, Wales 7's and Wales A. As a winger, he formally played his club rugby for the Exeter Chiefs having joined from the Welsh regional team Newport Gwent Dragons where he made 55 appearances.	Ben Breeze	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Magnus Lund (born 25 June 1983 in Manchester) is an English Rugby Union player, who plays in the back row for Sale Sharks in the English Premiership.	Magnus Lund	Sale Sharks
member of sports team	Kelly Bates (born July 27, 1975 in Humboldt, Saskatchewan) is a former professional Canadian football guard and current running backs coach and Canadian College Draft coordinator for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Kelly Bates	BC Lions
member of sports team	Bjarni Johansen (born 26 May 1971 in Denmark) is a Faroese goal keeper and also chairman for the Faroese football association FC Suðuroy.	Bjarni Johansen	FC Suðuroy
member of sports team	In the summer of 1985, the Tacoma Stars head coach Bob McNab spotted Preki at an indoor tournament in Belgrade.	Preki	Tacoma Stars
member of sports team	Jan Polanc (born 6 May 1992) is a Slovenian racing cyclist for UCI World Tour team Lampre-Merida.	Jan Polanc	Lampre-Merida
member of sports team	Thok James is an Ethiopian professional footballer, who plays as a Defender for Ethiopian Coffee FC.	Thok James	Ethiopian Coffee FC
member of sports team	Hayrettin Yerlikaya (born 13 August 1981) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a left back for Sivasspor in the Süper Lig.	Hayrettin Yerlikaya	Sivasspor
member of sports team	Michel Hmaé (born 21 March 1978) is a footballer who used to play for AS Magenta in the New Caledonian football league.	Michel Hmaé	AS Magenta
member of sports team	Kassey Kallman (born May 6, 1992) is an American professional soccer defender who currently plays for the Boston Breakers of the National Women's Soccer League.	Kassey Kallman	Boston Breakers
member of sports team	Miguel Ángel Hoyos Guzmán (born March 11, 1981 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) in a Bolivian football defender who was last contracted for Hapoel Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League, but he is currently playing for LPFB side Oriente Petrolero.	Miguel Ángel Hoyos	Oriente Petrolero
member of sports team	Sabah Jadoua Al-Enezi (Arabic: صباح جدوع العنزي‎; born May 1, 1987) is a Saudi football player who plays a Midfielder for Al-Batin on loan form Al-Faisaly .	Sabah Jadoua	Al-Batin
member of sports team	Josef Geryk (October 14, 1942 - June 27, 2013) was Czech football goalkeeper who played for FC Spartak Trnava during the 1960s and 1970s.	Josef Geryk	FC Spartak Trnava
member of sports team	Dave Yovanovits (born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey) is a former American football offensive lineman in the NFL most recently of the Detroit Lions.	Dave Yovanovits	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Raf de Gregorio (born 20 May 1977 in Wellington) is a New Zealand professional association football player, currently playing for ASB Premiership side YoungHeart Manawatu.	Raf de Gregorio	YoungHeart Manawatu
member of sports team	Joseph Coleman Zeno, Jr. (born November 18, 1946 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver in 1971 for the New York Giants.	Coleman Zeno	New York Giants
member of sports team	Santiago Fosgt (born 27 March 1986 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for El Tanque Sisley of the Uruguayan Primera División.	Santiago Fosgt	El Tanque Sisley
member of sports team	Tim Bakker (born November 23, 1977) is an offensive lineman for the Canadian Football League's Edmonton Eskimos.	Tim Bakker	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Mikko Kuukka (born November 3, 1985) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays professionally in Finland for the Espoo Blues in the Liiga.	Mikko Kuukka	Espoo Blues
member of sports team	Goran Simov (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Симов, born 31 March 1975) is a Serbian football goalkeeper of Macedonian descent playing with FK Sileks.	Goran Simov	FK Sileks
member of sports team	Jack Lam (born 18 November 1987) is a New Zealand born Samoan rugby union player who plays Flanker (rugby union) for Bristol Rugby.	Jack Lam	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Ruud Knol (born 13 March 1981) is a Dutch football centre back who currently plays for Sparta Rotterdam in the Dutch second division.	Ruud Knol	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Michał Bartkowiak (born 3 February 1997) is a Polish footballer who plays as a right winger for Śląsk Wrocław.	Michał Bartkowiak	Śląsk Wrocław
member of sports team	Fred Rayhle (born April 9, 1954 in Covington, Kentucky) is a former professional American football player who played in one NFL season in 1977 for the Seattle Seahawks.	Fred Rayhle	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Viola Odebrecht (born 11 February 1983) is a retired German footballer who at last played for VfL Wolfsburg.	Viola Odebrecht	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Nikolaos Bacharidis, born 20 October 1976 in Neo Sidirochori, Komotini is a footballer who was played for the Panthrakikos F.C..	Nikolaos Bacharidis	Panthrakikos F.C.
member of sports team	Born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Niquinha started his professional career in Brazil with lowly Clube Náutico Capibaribe and Manchete Futebol Clube, with a spell in between with Sport Club do Recife in which he collected no Série A appearances.	Niquinha	Clube Náutico Capibaribe
member of sports team	Ville Vahalahti (born 7 November 1977 in Parainen, Finland) is a Finnish ice hockey player currently playing for Lukko of the Finnish Liiga.	Ville Vahalahti	Lukko
member of sports team	Andrew Dunne born 18 October 1979 in Castleknock Dublin, Ireland is a former professional rugby union player for Leinster Rugby, NEC Harlequins, Bath Rugby and Connacht.	Andrew Dunne	Leinster Rugby
member of sports team	Ilpo Verno (born 22 December 1981) is a Finnish professional footballer who currently plays for the Ykkönen side FC Hämeenlinna based in Hämeenlinna in Finland.	Ilpo Verno	FC Hämeenlinna
member of sports team	Abdoulaye Sissoko (born 18 July 1992) is a Malian footballer, who plays for Espérance Sportive de Tunis.	Abdoulaye Sissoko	Espérance Sportive de Tunis
member of sports team	József Magasföldi (born 10 November 1984 in Székesfehérvár) is a Hungarian football striker who currently plays for Gyirmót SE in the Hungarian National Championship I. He has also played for Videoton FC, BFC Siófok, MFC Sopron, Budapest Honvéd FC and Paksi SE in Hungary and FC Slovan Liberec in Czech Republic.	József Magasföldi	Gyirmót SE	Videoton FC	BFC Siófok	Budapest Honvéd FC	Paksi SE	FC Slovan Liberec
member of sports team	Reginald Richardson (born 1 March 1990) is a Vincentian professional footballer who plays for Oulun Palloseura in Finland and the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national team.	Reginald Richardson	Oulun Palloseura
member of sports team	Glenn Archer (born 24 March 1973) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played his entire career with the North Melbourne Football Club.	Glenn Archer	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Rúnar Alex Rúnarsson (born 18 February 1995) is an Icelandic football Goalkeeper, who currently plays for FC Nordsjælland.	Rúnar Alex Rúnarsson	FC Nordsjælland
member of sports team	Zeki Yıldırım (born 15 January 1991) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish Süper Lig club Antalyaspor.	Zeki Yıldırım	Antalyaspor
member of sports team	Both Sham Kwok Keung and his older brother Sham Kwok Fai were youth products of Happy Valley AA.	Sham Kwok Keung	Happy Valley AA
member of sports team	Eric Fowler (born October 17, 1984 in New Haven, Michigan) is a former American football wide receiver who played for the Detroit Lions.	Eric Fowler	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Lance Louis (born April 24, 1985) is an American football offensive guard for the Indianapolis Colts in the National Football League.	Lance Louis	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Geoff Courtnall was signed by the Boston Bruins of the NHL as an undrafted free agent on July 6, 1983.	Geoff Courtnall	Boston Bruins
member of sports team	Collingwood Football Club snared Wayne Richardson from South Fremantle Football Club in 1965 before he had made his senior debut and, not surprisingly, the West Australian side was extremely reluctant to clear him.	Wayne Richardson	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Nixon Dias (born September 2, 1979 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eredivisie league debut with club Sparta Rotterdam during the 1996-1997 season.Dias also played for club ADO Den Haag during the 2000-2001 season.	Nixon Dias	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Noble Wayne LaMaster (February 13, 1907 in Speed, Indiana -- August 4, 1989 in New Albany, Indiana), was a professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues for the Philadelphia Phillies and Brooklyn Dodgers during the 1937-1938 baseball seasons.	Wayne LaMaster	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Prior to arrival to Mexico, David Depetris played for SK Sigma Olomouc in the Czech First League.	David Depetris	SK Sigma Olomouc
member of sports team	Joop Eversteijn (29 January 1921 -- 2 November 2013) was a Dutch footballer who played for ADO Den Haag, primarily as a centre forward.	Joop Eversteijn	ADO Den Haag
member of sports team	K. Ravindran (born 1 October 1989, in Port Dickson is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for PBAPP FC in Malaysia Premier League.	K. Ravindran	PBAPP FC
member of sports team	Tyson St. James (born June 5, 1975) is a former Canadian football linebacker for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Tyson St. James	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Cyril Rool (born April 15, 1975 in Pertuis, Vaucluse) is a retired French football midfielder, he last played for French team Olympique de Marseille.	Cyril Rool	Olympique de Marseille
member of sports team	Lee Harold Carmichael (born September 22, 1949) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League who played 13 seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles (1971--1983) and one season for the Dallas Cowboys (1984).	Harold Carmichael	Philadelphia Eagles	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Matúš Macík (born 19 May 1993), is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for MFK Ružomberok as a goalkeeper.	Matúš Macík	MFK Ružomberok
member of sports team	Hamilton Timbira Dias dos Santos Júnior, best known as Juninho Petrolina (born 14 December 1974) is a Brazilian football (soccer) who plays for FC Kəpəz on loan from FK Khazar Lankaran as a midfielder.	Juninho Petrolina	FK Khazar Lankaran
member of sports team	Ayissoudou Jeannot Bouyain (born 29 May 1985 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkina Faso football player who is currently playing for Olympique Saumur FC.	Jeannot Bouyain	Olympique Saumur FC
member of sports team	Tórður Thomsen (born 11 June 1986) is a Faroese international footballer who plays for Faroese side B36 Tórshavn as a goalkeeper.	Tórður Thomsen	B36 Tórshavn
member of sports team	Rosdin Wasli (born 26 June 1982 in Petagas, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah) is a Malaysian footballer who play as a defender and midfielder for Sabah FA in Malaysia Premier League.	Rosdin Wasli	Sabah FA
member of sports team	Kevin Quiñones Quintana (born 30 April 1992 in Mexico D.F.) is a Mexican footballer, currently playing as a midfielder for Pumas Morelos of the Liga de Ascenso He studied at Colegi Madrid with Diego de Buen and David Izazola.	Kevin Quiñones	Pumas Morelos
member of sports team	Gerónimo Rulli (born 20 May 1992) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Sociedad as a goalkeeper.	Gerónimo Rulli	Real Sociedad
member of sports team	Sheree Gray (born December 12, 1985, in Toms River, New Jersey) is an American soccer defender who represents Sky Blue FC of Women's Professional Soccer.	Sheree Gray	Sky Blue FC
member of sports team	Antonio Jesús Vázquez Muñoz (born 18 January 1980), known as Jesús Vázquez, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Recreativo de Huelva as a midfielder.	Antonio Jesús Vázquez Muñoz	Recreativo de Huelva
member of sports team	Luan Pinari (born 27 October 1977 in Tiranë) is a former Albanian footballer who played for Dinamo Tirana, KF Tirana and Partizani Tirana, becoming one of few players to have been at all three clubs in the Albanian capital.	Luan Pinari	KF Tirana	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Ian Herron played for the St. George Dragons, Balmain Tigers and Parramatta Eels in Australia and Gateshead Thunder and Hull in the European Super League.	Ian Herron	Gateshead Thunder
member of sports team	Łukasz Jamróz (born 18 February 1990) is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Arka Gdynia on loan from Korona Kielce.	Łukasz Jamróz	Arka Gdynia
member of sports team	Ignacio Tuhuteru (born 23 August 1973 in Zaandam) is a retired Dutch footballer of Moluccan-Indonesian origin who played as a winger for Ajax, RBC Roosendaal, Dalian Haichang, Sembawang Rangers, FC Zwolle, SC Heerenveen, FC Groningen and Go Ahead Eagles.	Ignacio Tuhuteru	FC Groningen
member of sports team	Jeroen Verhoeven (Dutch pronunciation: (jə.ˈrun vər.ˈɦu.və(n))) (born 30 April 1980 in Naarden) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FC Volendam.	Jeroen Verhoeven	FC Volendam
member of sports team	Wang Chongwei (simplified Chinese: 王崇炜; traditional Chinese: 王崇煒; pinyin: Wáng Chóngwěi; born December 10, 1988) is a Chinese professional ice hockey forward for the China Dragon of the Asia League Ice Hockey (AHIL).	Wang Chongwei	China Dragon
member of sports team	In January 2008, after having made no appearances in 2007--08 (division two), Zé António moved on loan to Turkey's Vestel Manisaspor for six months.	Zé António	Manisaspor
member of sports team	Craig Mills (born August 27, 1976 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey winger who played for the Winnipeg Jets and Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League.	Craig Mills	Winnipeg Jets	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Simon Humberstone, born 31 July 1987 is a rugby union player for Pontypridd RFC in the Principality Premiership and Cardiff Blues regional team.	Simon Humberstone	Pontypridd RFC
member of sports team	Denys Shelikhov (Ukrainian: Денис Васильович Шеліхов; born 23 June 1989 in Kherson, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper playing in the professional Ukrainian Premier League club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk.	Denys Shelikhov	FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
member of sports team	Vic Prinzi, was a professional American football player for the New York Giants and the Denver Broncos and did color commentary with Gene Deckerhoff for FSU football games.	Vic Prinzi	New York Giants	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Craig Ibbotson is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, and Hunslet Hawks.	Craig Ibbotson	Hunslet Hawks
member of sports team	Blake Gideon (born July 25, 1989), is a former American football safety who was last a member of the Denver Broncos.	Blake Gideon	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Manolis Skoufalis (Greek: Μανώλης Σκούφαλης; born 21 August 1978) is a Greek football player who plays as a Midfielder for Thesprotos F.C..	Manolis Skoufalis	Thesprotos F.C.
member of sports team	Yuriy Bushman (Ukrainian: Юрій В'ячеславович Бушман; born 14 May 1990 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently playing for FC Slavutych Cherkasy in the Ukrainian Second League.	Yuriy Bushman	FC Slavutych Cherkasy
member of sports team	Otávio Dutra (born 28 February 1983 in Fortaleza) is a Brazilian football Defender, who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya.	Otávio Dutra	Persebaya Surabaya
member of sports team	Sầm Ngọc Đức (born 18 May 1992) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Full-back for V-League club Hanoi T&T F.C.	Sầm Ngọc Đức	Hanoi T&T F.C.
member of sports team	Serhiy Shapoval (Ukrainian: Сергій Володимирович Шаповал; born 7 February 1990, Vorzel, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa.	Serhiy Shapoval	FC Chornomorets Odesa
member of sports team	John Evanson (born 10 May 1947) is an English former professional footballer who played for Oxford United, Blackpool, Miami Toros, Fulham, A.F.C. Bournemouth and Poole Town.	John Evanson	A.F.C. Bournemouth
member of sports team	Jasenko Sabitović (born on 29 May 1973) is a Korean football player who played for NK Zagreb, Pohang Steelers, Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma, Suwon Samsung Bluewings, Chunnam Dragons, NK Karlovac.	Jasenko Sabitović	Pohang Steelers	Suwon Samsung Bluewings	Chunnam Dragons
member of sports team	Larry Croom (born October 29, 1981 in Long Beach, California) is an American Football running back who currently plays for the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Larry Croom	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	In Early 2012, Virgil Misidjan returned to Willem II and helped the team gain promotion to the Eredivisie, finishing the season with 6 goals in 14 matches.	Virgil Misidjan	Willem II
member of sports team	Quentin Westberg (born April 25, 1986) is a French-American soccer player who plays for Tours FC in Ligue 2.	Quentin Westberg	Tours FC
member of sports team	Huang Wei-yi (Chinese: 黃瑋儀, born September 11, 1985 in Yilan, Republic of China) is a Taiwanese football striker who currently plays for Tatung F.C..	Huang Wei-yi	Tatung F.C.
member of sports team	Fernando López Fernández (born 22 June 1983 in Madrid), known simply as Fernando, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Coruxo FC as a goalkeeper.	Fernando López Fernández	Coruxo FC
member of sports team	Shane Rodney (born 15 August 1983 in Tamworth, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for London Broncos of Super League.	Shane Rodney	London Broncos
member of sports team	Christian Pauli (born 30 January 1992) is an Austrian-German footballer who plays for VfL Osnabrück.	Christian Pauli	VfL Osnabrück
member of sports team	Tony Sucipto is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League.	Tony Sucipto	Persib Bandung
member of sports team	Omar Cuff was on the practice squads of Cleveland Browns, Kansas City Chiefs, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and New England Patriots.	Omar Cuff	Cleveland Browns	Kansas City Chiefs	Tampa Bay Buccaneers	New England Patriots
member of sports team	York Hentschel was a Grey Cup champion defensive lineman with the Edmonton Eskimos.	York Hentschel	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Vladislav Zlatinov (Bulgarian: Владислав Златинов; born 23 March 1983) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for FC Bansko as a forward.	Vladislav Zlatinov	FC Bansko
member of sports team	Adrian Pătraș (born 28 September 1984, Chișinău, Moldova) is a Moldovan football goalkeeper who plays for club FC Costuleni.	Adrian Pătraș	FC Costuleni
member of sports team	Robert Kidiaba Muteba (born 1 February 1976) is a Congolese international footballer who plays for TP Mazembe, as a goalkeeper.	Robert Kidiaba	TP Mazembe
member of sports team	Mark Haynes (born November 6, 1958 in Kansas City, Kansas) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League who played for the New York Giants and the Denver Broncos from 1980 until 1989.	Mark Haynes	New York Giants	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Viktors Ignatjevs (born April 26, 1970 in Riga, Soviet Union) is a former Latvian ice hockey player who played 11 games in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins.	Viktors Ignatjevs	Pittsburgh Penguins
member of sports team	Damian Munro (born 6 October 1976 ) is a professional rugby league footballer playing at representative level for Ireland, and at club level for Halifax (twice), Widnes Vikings, Leigh Centurions, and Blackpool Panthers, playing as a Fullback, Wing, or Centre.	Damian Munro	Widnes Vikings	Leigh Centurions	Blackpool Panthers
member of sports team	Bubacar Njie Kambi (born 14 March 1988), known as Bacari, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Bulgarian club PFC Cherno More Varna as a forward.	Bacari	PFC Cherno More Varna
member of sports team	Ina Boyko is a Moldovan-Azerbaijani football goalkeeper currently playing for Gintra Universitetas, in Lithuania's A Lyga and the UEFA Women's Champions League.	Ina Boyko	Gintra Universitetas
member of sports team	Gustavo Santos Costa most commonly known as Gustavo (born 25 June 1996 in Sergipe, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who since 2014 has played forward for Nagoya Grampus in the J. League Division 1.	Gustavo Santos Costa	Nagoya Grampus
member of sports team	Dylan Steenbergen (born July 24, 1987) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman who last played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Dylan Steenbergen	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Benedikt Kohl (born March 31, 1988) is a German professional ice hockey defenceman who plays for ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Benedikt Kohl	ERC Ingolstadt
member of sports team	Ivan Bobko (Ukrainian: Іван Михайлович Бобко; born 10 December 1990 in Odessa, in the Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Metalist Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ivan Bobko	FC Metalist Kharkiv
member of sports team	Taianan started his professional career for FC Senec in 2006.	Taianan	FC Senec
member of sports team	Martin Hurt (born 27 June 1984 in Tartu) is an Estonian professional footballer, who plays in JK Tammeka Tartu.	Martin Hurt	JK Tammeka Tartu
member of sports team	Chad Ruhwedel (born May 7, 1990 in San Diego, California) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League.	Chad Ruhwedel	Buffalo Sabres
member of sports team	Allen Brown (born March 2, 1943) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers.	Allen Brown	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Christopher Bengtsson (born October 19, 1993) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for AIK IF of the Allsvenskan on loan from Modo Hockey of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Christopher Bengtsson	Modo Hockey
member of sports team	El-Moatasem Salem (Arabic: معتصم سالم‎; born 2 September 1980) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Ismaily SC in the Egyptian Premier League.	Moatasem Salem	Ismaily SC
member of sports team	Ádám Fenyvesi (born 1 January 1996 in Eger) is an amateur status ``professional'', High School student Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Egri FC.	Ádám Fenyvesi	Egri FC
member of sports team	On March 3, 1968, midway through his thirteenth season with Detroit, it was announced that Norm Ullman, along with Paul Henderson and Floyd Smith, were being dealt to the Toronto Maple Leafs for Frank Mahovlich, Pete Stemkowski, Garry Unger, and the rights to Carl Brewer.	Norm Ullman	Toronto Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Sachar Blank (born July 10, 1985) is a German professional ice hockey player currently playing with Heilbronner Falken of the German 2nd Bundesliga.	Sachar Blank	Heilbronner Falken
member of sports team	Jurgita Štreimikytė (born in Alytus, Lithuania, on 14 May 1972) is a Lithuanian former basketball forward who played the WNBA for Indiana Fever and the Euroleague Women with Kaunas, Valenciennes Olympic and SG Comense among others.	Jurgita Štreimikytė	Indiana Fever
member of sports team	Daniel Sebastián Martínez (born August 16, 1981 in Montevideo) is a Uruguyan footballer currently playing for Unión Magdalena in the Categoría Primera B of Colombia.	Daniel Sebastián Martínez	Unión Magdalena
member of sports team	Sean Dempster (born 20 January 1984) is an Australian rules football player from the state of Victoria playing for St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Sean Dempster	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Óscar Fernández González, simply known as Óscar (born 16 May 1995), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Racing de Santander as a forward.	Óscar Fernández González	Racing de Santander
member of sports team	Elin Hanna Caroline Jönsson (born 22 November 1977) is a Swedish former football goalkeeper who played for Malmö and Umeå IK of Damallsvenskan and Chicago Red Stars of Women's Professional Soccer (WPS).	Caroline Jönsson	Umeå IK
member of sports team	Caleb Clarke (born June 23, 1993) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for SpVgg Unterhaching who play in the Regionalliga.	Caleb Clarke	SpVgg Unterhaching
member of sports team	Dritan Smajli (born 12 February 1985 in Krujë) is an Albanian footballer who plays defender for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Dritan Smajli	KF Tirana
member of sports team	On 2 February 2015, Deyverson signed a six-month loan deal with Bundesliga team, 1. FC Köln.	Deyverson	1. FC Köln
member of sports team	Rodolfo Pini (12 November 1926 -- 31 May 2000) was a Uruguayan footballer, who played for Club Nacional de Football.	Rodolfo Pini	Club Nacional de Football
member of sports team	Bryce Heem (born 18 January 1989) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as an winger for Worcester Warriors in the English Aviva Premiership.	Bryce Heem	Worcester Warriors
member of sports team	Andrej Kollár ( 12 January 1977) is a former Slovak professional ice hockey player, who is now a hockey manager for HK Dukla Trenčín in Slovakia.	Andrej Kollár	HK Dukla Trenčín
member of sports team	Adilson Vaz (born 29 October 1988), commonly known as Vaz, is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for C.D. Santa Clara.	Adilson Vaz	C.D. Santa Clara
member of sports team	Stacey Jones is the first and only life member of the New Zealand Warriors club whose records for most appearances, tries and points he held at the time of his retirement.	Stacey Jones	New Zealand Warriors
member of sports team	Calvin Magee (born April 23, 1963) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for four seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1985 to 1988.	Calvin Magee	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Ryan Lasch (born January 22, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for the Frölunda HC of the Swedish Hockey League, whilst under contract to the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League.	Ryan Lasch	Toronto Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Sanne Troelsgaard Nielsen (born 15 August 1988) is a Danish football midfielder or forward, who plays for Brøndby IF in Denmark's Elitedivisionen.	Sanne Troelsgaard Nielsen	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Dmitri Semin (Russian: Дмитрий Сёмин, born August 14, 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Dmitri Semin	Salavat Yulaev Ufa
member of sports team	Carlos Henrique Manzato dos Santos, commonly known as Cahê (Chinese: 卡爾, born 20 August 1982 in Santo André, São Paulo), is a Brazilian football forward who currently formerly plays for Hong Kong First Division League football club Sun Hei SC in 2009 to 2011.	Cahê	Sun Hei SC
member of sports team	Alexandros Mouzakitis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Μουζακίτης; born 16 August 1994) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Superleague Greece club Panionios.	Alexandros Mouzakitis	Panionios
member of sports team	Ladislau Leonel Ucha Alves (born 9 May 1988) is a Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays for Clube Oriental de Lisboa.	Leonel Ucha	Clube Oriental de Lisboa
member of sports team	Waldemar Fornalik (born 11 April 1963 in Myślenice) is a former Polish footballer who played his entire career for Ruch Chorzów.	Waldemar Fornalik	Ruch Chorzów
member of sports team	Randy Poleon (born 29 January 1986) is a Saint Lucian international footballer who plays in the Saint Lucia Gold Division for Northern United All Stars, as a Goalkeeper.	Randy Poleon	Northern United All Stars
member of sports team	Marcello Possenti (born 6 July 1992 in Bergamo) is an Italian footballer who plays for A.C. Reggiana 1919, as a Left defender.	Marcello Possenti	A.C. Reggiana 1919
member of sports team	Alex Pontons Paz (born 26 November 1994) is a Bolivian footballer who plays for Oriente Petrolero in the Liga de Futbol Profesional Boliviano out loan from Sampdoria.	Alex Pontons Paz	Oriente Petrolero
member of sports team	Matt Blair (born September 20, 1950) was an outside linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League for all 12 seasons of his career from 1974 to 1985.	Matt Blair	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Tungalagiin Sanchir (Mongolian: Тунгалагийн Санчир, born April 8, 1989) is a Mongolian professional basketball player who last played for the Barangay Ginebra San Miguel of the Philippine Basketball Association.	Tungalagiin Sanchir	Barangay Ginebra San Miguel
member of sports team	Hrvoje Sunara (born 4 August 1979 in Split) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper, currently with RNK Split in the Croatian Prva HNL.	Hrvoje Sunara	RNK Split
member of sports team	Michał Trzeciakiewicz (born February 19, 1984 in Olsztyn) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) who most recently played for Sandecja Nowy Sącz.	Michał Trzeciakiewicz	Sandecja Nowy Sącz
member of sports team	Edson André Sitoe (born 8 September 1988), known as Mexer, is a Mozambican professional footballer who plays for French club Stade Rennais F.C. as a central defender.	Mexer	Stade Rennais F.C.
member of sports team	Khaibar Amani (born 6 February 1987) is an Afghan football player currently playing for SC Hessen Dreieich in the tier five Hessenliga.	Khaibar Amani	SC Hessen Dreieich
member of sports team	Boško Čvorkov (Serbian Cyrillic: Бoшкo Чвopкoв ; born June 14, 1978 in Ruma) ia a Serbian football player currently playing for Serbian First League club FK Zemun.	Boško Čvorkov	FK Zemun
member of sports team	Martin Amedick (born 6 September 1982) is a football player who currently plays for SC Paderborn 07 II. He started his professional career in 2001 as a defender for Arminia Bielefeld.	Martin Amedick	Arminia Bielefeld
member of sports team	Fabricio Formiliano (born 14 January 1993) is a Uruguayan footballer playing for Danubio F.C. of the Uruguayan Primera División.	Fabricio Formiliano	Danubio F.C.
member of sports team	Dawid Dynarek (born 9 March 1989) is a Polish professional association football player currently playing for Przebój Wolbrom.	Dawid Dynarek	Przebój Wolbrom
member of sports team	Sara Lawlor (born 11 November 1987) is an Irish international footballer who plays for Peamount United of the Women's National League (WNL).	Sara Lawlor	Peamount United
member of sports team	Nick Hengelman (born 15 November 1989, Glanerbrug) is a footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Nick Hengelman	FC Oss
member of sports team	Andy Sophie (born June 26, 1987 in Port Louis) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for AS Marsouins in the Réunion Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a forward.	Andy Sophie	AS Marsouins	Mauritius national football team
member of sports team	Roy Holdstock is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and '80s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and England, and at club level for Hull Kingston Rovers, and Wakefield Trinity, as a Prop, i.e. number 8 or 10.	Roy Holdstock	Hull Kingston Rovers
member of sports team	Don Sasa (born September 16, 1972 in American Samoa) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the San Diego Chargers, Washington Redskins, Carolina Panthers, and the Detroit Lions.	Don Sasa	San Diego Chargers	Washington Redskins	Carolina Panthers	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Pierre Johnsson (born February 7, 1984) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey defenceman, who last played for Frölunda HC of the Elitserien.	Pierre Johnsson	Frölunda HC
member of sports team	Herbert Goodman (born August 31, 1977) is an American professional mixed martial artist and former NFL running back for the Green Bay Packers.	Herbert Goodman	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Mateusz Wieteska (born 11 February 1997) is a Polish football defender who currently plays for the Polish club Dolcan Ząbki on loan from Legia Warsaw.	Mateusz Wieteska	Dolcan Ząbki
member of sports team	Ilson Wilians Rodrigues (born March 12, 1979), commonly known as Ilson or Willians, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for América Futebol Clube (SP).	Ilson Wilians Rodrigues	América Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Thomas Hundertpfund (born December 14, 1989) is an Austrian professional ice hockey left wing who currently plays for EC KAC in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Thomas Hundertpfund	EC KAC
member of sports team	Urban Boyd Brumbaugh (August 24, 1915 - April 5, 1988) was a professional football player in the National Football League for the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Pittsburgh Pirates (who were later renamed the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1941).	Boyd Brumbaugh	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Preben Lundbye (born 1 April 1950) is a Danish football coach previously for Holstebro BK and Silkeborg IF.	Preben Lundbye	Holstebro BK
member of sports team	Luis Eduardo Delgado Pacheco (born 4 December 1984), commonly known as Luso, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Córdoba CF mainly as a defensive midfielder.	Luis Eduardo Delgado	Córdoba CF
member of sports team	Csaba Bernáth (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈt͡ʃɒbɒ ˈbɛrnaːt); born 26 March 1979) in Debrecen is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.	Csaba Bernáth	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Vardan Adzemian (born on 29 July 1984) is an American soccer player who plays for Doxa Italia in the Coast Soccer League.	Vardan Adzemian	Doxa Italia
member of sports team	Soumaila Sidibe (born June 15, 1992 in Bamako) is a Malian footballer who plays for MO Béjaïa in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Soumaila Sidibe	MO Béjaïa
member of sports team	Przemysław Cichoń (born October 25, 1978) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) playing currently for Korona Kielce.	Przemysław Cichoń	Korona Kielce
member of sports team	Sam Burgess (born 14 December 1988) is an English professional rugby league player for South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League.	Sam Burgess	South Sydney Rabbitohs
member of sports team	Bio Aï Traoré (born 9 June 1985, in Porto Novo) is a Beninese international football player who currently plays in Benin for Panthères FC.	Bio Aï Traoré	Panthères FC
member of sports team	Piotr Dziewicki (born June 26, 1979 in Milanówek) was a Polish professional football player, who currently is the head coach of Polonia Warsaw, where he spent most of his football career.	Piotr Dziewicki	Polonia Warsaw
member of sports team	Tomáš Netík is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Tomáš Netík	HC Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Francisco Javier Flores Gómez (born 19 April 1982 in Sarrià de Ter, Girona, Catalonia), known as Chechu, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Hércules CF as a midfielder.	Francisco Javier Flores Gómez	Hércules CF
member of sports team	Ekhi Senar Rekondo (born 26 June 1990 in Barañáin, Navarre), known simply as Ekhi, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Lleida Esportiu as a defender.	Ekhi Senar	Lleida Esportiu
member of sports team	Lens Aboudou (born February 9, 1990) is a French basketball player who currently plays for JDA Dijon Basket of the LNB Pro A.	Lens Aboudou	JDA Dijon Basket
member of sports team	Matt Berquist (born 11 May 1983 in Waipukurau, New Zealand) is a rugby union player who plays at fly-half for Benetton Rugby Treviso in the Rabodirect Pro12.	Matt Berquist	Benetton Rugby Treviso
member of sports team	Isaac Terrazas García (born June 23, 1973) is a former Mexican football played who played for Club América, Irapuato FC and CD Veracruz.	Isaac Terrazas	Club América
member of sports team	Charles Kaye Vaughan (born June 30, 1931) is a former professional football player, a lineman with the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League for twelve seasons.	Kaye Vaughan	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Jean Mathonet (6 October 1925, Bévercé, Malmedy -- 22 October 2004, Malmedy) was a Belgian football player who finished top scorer of the Belgian First Division with 26 goals in 1956 while playing for Standard Liège.	Jean Mathonet	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Darrell Stuckey, Jr. (born June 16, 1987) is an American football safety and special teamer who currently plays for the San Diego Chargers of National Football League (NFL).	Darrell Stuckey	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Paul Doran-Jones (born 2 May 1985) is a rugby union footballer, currently playing in the Aviva Premiership for Gloucester Rugby.	Paul Doran-Jones	Gloucester Rugby
member of sports team	David Lemi (born 10 February 1982) is a professional rugby player who plays on the wing for Bristol Rugby.	David Lemi	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Ahmed Al-Fraidi (Arabic: أحمد الفريدي; born 29 January 1988 in Medina) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al-Nassr.	Ahmed Al-Fraidi	Al-Nassr
member of sports team	Conor Morrison (born 24 February 1989 in Herisau, Switzerland) is a professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Augsburger Panther in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Conor Morrison	Augsburger Panther
member of sports team	Daniel Rehák (born 2 April 1985 in Slovakia) is a Slovak defender who currently plays for FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa.	Daniel Rehák	FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa
member of sports team	Zoran Šupić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Шупић; born July 21, 1984) is a Bosnian Serb football player who plays for NK Travnik in the Bosnian Premier League.	Zoran Šupić	NK Travnik
member of sports team	Clarence Scott (born April 9, 1949) is a former American football safety who played thirteen seasons in the NFL from 1971 to 1983 for the Cleveland Browns.	Clarence Scott	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Luis Eduardo Maldonado (born March 26, 1985 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for Deportivo Quito of the Ecuadorian Serie A.	Luis Eduardo Maldonado	Deportivo Quito
member of sports team	Son Jeong-hyeon (Hangul: 손정현; born 25 November 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as Goalkeeper for Gyeongnam FC in K League Challenge.	Son Jeong-hyeon	Gyeongnam FC
member of sports team	Right at the beginning of 2003 Grafite was forwarded to the FC Seoul of the South Korean K League, then known as Anyang LG Cheetahs.	Grafite	FC Seoul
member of sports team	Thorsten Stuckmann (born 17 March 1981) is a German professional goalkeeper who plays for Doncaster Rovers.	Thorsten Stuckmann	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Lukáš Matejka (born February 21, 1990) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with MHC Martin of the Slovak Extraliga.	Lukáš Matejka	MHC Martin
member of sports team	Mark Uhatahi is a Tongan footballer who plays as a forward for Lotoha'apai United and the Tonga national football team.	Mark Uhatahi	Lotoha'apai United
member of sports team	Nathan Fien (born 1 August 1979) is a former Australian born professional rugby league footballer who last played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons of the National Rugby League.	Nathan Fien	St. George Illawarra Dragons
member of sports team	Sizwe Motaung (7 January 1970 -- 16 August 2001) was a South African football player who played for Jomo Cosmos, Mamelodi Sundowns, St. Gallen, CD Tenerife, Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates, as well at international level for the national side.	Sizwe Motaung	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Axel Sjöberg (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈaksɛl ˈɧøːˈbærj)) born 8 March 1991) is a Swedish footballer who currently plays for the Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer.	Axel Sjöberg	Colorado Rapids
member of sports team	On 2 October 2008 Cheick Tioté signed for Dutch Eredivisie league side FC Twente for a fee reported to be around €750,000, where he gained his reputation for being a determined and resilient midfielder with a keen eye for a pass, making 58 league appearances scoring one goal with 14 assists.	Cheick Tioté	FC Twente
member of sports team	Takaya Kurokawa (黒河貴矢, born April 7, 1981 in Saijō, Ehime, Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Albirex Niigata.	Takaya Kurokawa	Albirex Niigata
member of sports team	Akuila Uate (born 6 October 1987) is a Fijian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.	Akuila Uate	Newcastle Knights
member of sports team	Ighodaro Christian Osaguona (born 10 October 1990) is a Nigerian footballer who currently plays for Raja Casablanca as a striker.	Christian Osaguona	Raja Casablanca
member of sports team	Samet Gündüz (born 13 September 1987) is a Swiss footballer of Turkish descent who plays as a midfielder for FC Basel in the Swiss Super League.	Samet Gündüz	FC Basel
member of sports team	Thomas Kahlenberg (born 20 March 1983) is a Danish footballer who currently is playing for Brøndby IF.	Thomas Kahlenberg	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Léger Djimrangar (born 2 October 1987) is a Chadian football midfielder, and a member of Chad national football team.	Léger Djimrangar	Chad national football team
member of sports team	Ben McEvoy (born 11 July 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ben McEvoy	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Jonathan Tokplé (born 29 July 1986) is a footballer who plays for Villemomble Sports as a defender.	Jonathan Tokplé	Villemomble Sports
member of sports team	Charlie Joachim (July 21, 1920 -- March 17, 2002) was an American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball League for the Youngstown Bears and Flint Dow A.C.'s.	Charlie Joachim	Youngstown Bears
member of sports team	Tom Varndell (born 16 September 1985) is an English rugby union footballer who plays on the wing for Bristol Rugby, England and England Sevens.	Tom Varndell	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Danny Clyburn Jr. (April 6, 1974 -- February 7, 2012) was an outfielder for the Baltimore Orioles and Tampa Bay Devil Rays.	Danny Clyburn	Baltimore Orioles
member of sports team	Rimo Hunt (born 5 November 1985) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays in Kazakhstan Premier League for FC Kaisar as a forward.	Rimo Hunt	FC Kaisar
member of sports team	Duncan Kellaway (born 17 February 1973) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Duncan Kellaway	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Jerzy Wyrobek played for Stadion Śląski Chorzów, Zagłębie Wałbrzych, Ruch Chorzów and TuS Schloß Neuhaus.	Jerzy Wyrobek	Zagłębie Wałbrzych
member of sports team	Ed Barnes (born 14 January 1981 in Banbury) is an English rugby union footballer, who plays fly-half for Bristol Rugby.	Ed Barnes	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Stefan Ungerer (born 23 November 1993) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Natal Sharks.	Stefan Ungerer	Natal Sharks
member of sports team	Alyssa Thomas (born April 12, 1992) is an American professional women's basketball forward with the Connecticut Sun of the Women's National Basketball Association.	Alyssa Thomas	Connecticut Sun
member of sports team	David Hollwitz (born 20 March 1989 in Luckenwalde) is a German footballer playing for 1. FC Union Berlin II.	David Hollwitz	1. FC Union Berlin
member of sports team	Jordan Rideout (born February 26, 1993) is an English footballer who plays for Oklahoma City Energy FC in the USL, the third tier of the American soccer pyramid.	Jordan Rideout	Oklahoma City Energy FC
member of sports team	Michael Tayo (born 17 April) is a Nigerian football player who currently plays for Southern Samity in the Kolkata Premier League as a central midfielder.	Michael Tayo	Southern Samity
member of sports team	Charles Duane Putnam (born September 5, 1928) is a former American football offensive guard who spent ten seasons in the National Football League (NFL) playing for the Los Angeles Rams, Dallas Cowboys, and the Cleveland Browns.	Duane Putnam	Los Angeles Rams	Dallas Cowboys	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Arnie Morrison, was an award winning and all-star Canadian football player, playing from 1933 to 1938 with the Ottawa Rough Riders .	Arnie Morrison	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Kristo Saage started his basketball career in hometown BC Rakvere Tarvas (then KK Rakvere) at the age of 17.	Kristo Saage	BC Rakvere Tarvas
member of sports team	Randolph Peltier (born 16 September 1982) is an international footballer from Dominica, who plays as a Forward for Pointe Michel fc and the Dominica national football team.	Randolph Peltier	Dominica national football team
member of sports team	Marquise Hill (August 7, 1982 -- May 28, 2007) was an American football defensive end for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.	Marquise Hill	New England Patriots
member of sports team	In August 2012, Anderson Carvalho was loaned to Japanese club Vissel Kobe until December.	Anderson Carvalho	Vissel Kobe
member of sports team	Muhsin Muhammad II (/muːˈsɪn/; born Melvin Darnell Campbell Jr. May 5, 1973) is a former American football wide receiver who played for the Carolina Panthers and Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).	Muhsin Muhammad	Carolina Panthers	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Nemanja Maksimović (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Максимовић; born 26 January 1995) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Astana.	Nemanja Maksimović	FC Astana
member of sports team	Ray Clarke (born 25 September 1952 in Hackney) is an English retired professional footballer who played in England for Tottenham Hotspur, Swindon Town, Mansfield Town, Brighton and Newcastle United, in the Netherlands for Sparta Rotterdam and Ajax, and in Belgium for Club Brugge.	Ray Clarke	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Ilian Evtimov (born April 28, 1983), is a professional basketball player for Élan Chalon of the French League.	Ilian Evtimov	Élan Chalon
member of sports team	Gerrie Kleton (September 15, 1953 -- January 8, 2006) was a football midfielder from the Netherlands, who played for Ajax Amsterdam, AZ Alkmaar, HFC Haarlem, RKC Waalwijk and Cercle Brugge.	Gerrie Kleton	AZ Alkmaar
member of sports team	Mirzad Mehanović (born 5 January 1993), is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays for FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová as a midfielder.	Mirzad Mehanović	ŽP Šport Podbrezová
member of sports team	Clarrie Jordan (20 June 1922 -- 24 February 1992) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward for Upton Colliery, Doncaster Rovers and Sheffield Wednesday.	Clarrie Jordan	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Chris Bayne was drafted in the 7th round (pick #222) of the 1997 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons.	Chris Bayne	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Hari Khadka (Nepali: हरी खँड्का) (born 26 November 1976 in Jhapa), is a former footballer who last played for Zejtun Corinthians F.C. He is also the leading goal scorers for Nepal alongside Nirajan Rayamajhi--both with 13 goals apiece.	Hari Khadka	Zejtun Corinthians F.C.
member of sports team	Tom Lowrie (1 December 1896 -- 9 July 1944) was an Australian rules football player at the Fitzroy Football Club and the St Kilda Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Lowrie	Fitzroy Football Club	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Cliff Pritchard (1881--1954) was a Welsh international centre who played club rugby for Newport RFC and Pontypool RFC.	Cliff Pritchard	Newport RFC	Pontypool RFC
member of sports team	Nabachandra Singh (born 1 March 1986, in Manipur) is an Indian footballer who plays as Midfielder for Royal Wahingdoh F.C..	Nabachandra Singh	Royal Wahingdoh F.C.
member of sports team	Samigue Eman (born March 12, 1982 in Davao City) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Alaska Aces in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Samigue Eman	Alaska Aces
member of sports team	Abdullah Abu Zaitoun is a Jordanian footballer, of Palestinian origin, who plays as a midfielder for Al-Hussein (Irbid) and Jordan U-22.	Abdullah Abu Zaitoun	Al-Hussein
member of sports team	Lloyd Hagger (7 December 1898 -- 27 June 1968) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from 1917 to 1929.	Lloyd Hagger	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Porfirio López began his career with Santos de Guápiles in Costa Rica, already being part of the first team in the 2003/04 season.	Porfirio López	Santos de Guápiles
member of sports team	Mauro Guevgeozián (Armenian: Մաուրո Գևգեոզյան, born 10 May 1986 in Montevideo) is an Armenian-Uruguayan football player who plays for Colombian club Atlético Bucaramanga.	Mauro Guevgeozián	Atlético Bucaramanga
member of sports team	Alfredo Juraidini came up through Estudiantes de Altamira youth system and was quickly send out on loan to Puebla F.C. in 2014.	Alfredo Juraidini	Puebla F.C.
member of sports team	Lee Milner (born 26 February 1977) is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Huddersfield Giants, and Halifax, as a second-row.	Lee Milner	Huddersfield Giants
member of sports team	Thomas Bubba Trammell (born November 6, 1971) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder and designated hitter who played for the Detroit Tigers, Tampa Bay Rays, New York Mets, San Diego Padres, and the New York Yankees.	Bubba Trammell	Detroit Tigers	New York Mets	San Diego Padres	New York Yankees
member of sports team	Kane Douglas (born 1 June 1989) is an Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays for Leinster Rugby was previously with the New South Wales Waratahs in the international Super Rugby competition and the Wallabies as a lock.	Kane Douglas	Leinster Rugby	New South Wales Waratahs
member of sports team	Kasper Klausen (born 20 December 1982) is a Danish professional football midfielder, who currently is playing for Hvidovre IF.	Kasper Klausen	Hvidovre IF
member of sports team	Daniel Šebesta (born 24 October 1991) is a professional Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club MFK Skalica as an attacking midfielder.	Daniel Šebesta	MFK Skalica
member of sports team	Lucas Woudenberg (born 25 April 1994, in Woerden) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a left back for NEC, on loan from Feyenoord, in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Lucas Woudenberg	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Jiří Schubert (born 18 April 1988) is a professional Czech football player, who currently plays for FK Varnsdorf, on loan from FK Mladá Boleslav.	Jiří Schubert	FK Varnsdorf
member of sports team	Steve Mocco was brought into the American Top Team to help Antonio ``Bigfoot'' Silva prepare for his fight with Cain Velasquez at UFC 146.	Steve Mocco	American Top Team
member of sports team	Vahagn Militosyan (Armenian: Վահագն Միլիտոսյան, born 10 June 1993 in Laval), is an Armenian-French football player who plays for French fourth tier football club Grenoble Foot 38 and the Armenia national football team and has previously also played for then Ligue 2 side Stade Lavallois.	Vahagn Militosyan	Grenoble Foot 38
member of sports team	Grant Kerr (born 1 December 1985) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays for Iraklis Psachna F.C. in the Football League in Greece.	Grant Kerr	Iraklis Psachna F.C.
member of sports team	Suently Alberto (9 June 1996) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays for PSV Eindhoven as a centre back.	Suently Alberto	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Tony Mauricio (born 22 March 1994) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for US Boulogne.	Tony Mauricio	US Boulogne
member of sports team	On 24 October 2015, Natanael signed for Bulgarian champions PFC Ludogorets Razgrad.	Natanael	PFC Ludogorets Razgrad
member of sports team	Russell Teibert (born December 22, 1992) is a Canadian soccer player currently playing for Vancouver Whitecaps FC in Major League Soccer and the Canadian national team.	Russell Teibert	Vancouver Whitecaps
member of sports team	Péter Bíró (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈpeːtɛr ˈbiːroː); born 20 September 1985 in Debrecen, Hungary) is a Hungarian football (defender) currently plays for Lombard-Pápa TFC.	Péter Bíró	Lombard-Pápa TFC
member of sports team	William Brent Burns (born March 9, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward and defenceman currently playing for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Brent Burns	San Jose Sharks
member of sports team	Mariano Díaz Mejía (born 1 August 1993), simply known as Mariano, is a Dominican international footballer who plays for Real Madrid Castilla, as a forward.	Mariano Díaz Mejía	Real Madrid Castilla
member of sports team	Loïc Lampérier (born August 7, 1989) is a professional French ice hockey player who currently plays for Dragons de Rouen of the Ligue Magnus.	Loïc Lampérier	Dragons de Rouen
member of sports team	Sammy Youssouf (born 7 September 1976) was a Danish professional football player, who ended his professional career representing Vejle Boldklub in the Danish Superliga.	Sammy Youssouf	Vejle Boldklub
member of sports team	Darren McFadden (born August 27, 1987) is an American football running back for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).	Darren McFadden	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Allassane Sango (born 7 January 1993) is a Burkina Faso professional footballer, who plays as a Defender for ASFA Yennenga and the Burkina Faso national football team.	Allassane Sango	ASFA Yennenga
member of sports team	Maurie Hunter (5 March 1904 -- 31 October 1987) was an Australian rules football player who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) between 1929 and 1933 for the Richmond Football Club.	Maurie Hunter	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Viktor Dovgan (born February 27, 1987) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for HC Sarov in the Russian Major League under contract from Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Viktor Dovgan	Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg
member of sports team	Didac Ángel Devesa Albis (born 30 December 1990), known simply as Didac, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Greek club Aiginiakos F.C. as a midfielder.	Didac Ángel Devesa Albis	Aiginiakos F.C.
member of sports team	Thomas Azevedo Guimarâes (born 31 August 1991) is a Belgian professional footballer with Portuguese roots, who currently plays as a winger for Oud-Heverlee Leuven in the Belgian Second Division.	Thomas Azevedo	Oud-Heverlee Leuven
member of sports team	Andrea Catellani (born May 26, 1988) is an Italian football player, who currently plays for Spezia Calcio in the Italian Serie B.	Andrea Catellani	Spezia Calcio
member of sports team	Burke Henry (born January 21, 1979 in Ste. Rose du Lac, Manitoba) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played 39 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks.	Burke Henry	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Ali Kuçik (born 17 June 1991, in Inebolu, Kastamonu), is a Turkish football player currently playing for 1461 Trabzon.	Ali Kuçik	1461 Trabzon
member of sports team	Bernie Ruoff (born October 12, 1951 in West Germany) is a former punter and placekicker for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1975--1979 and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats from 1980-1987 of the Canadian Football League.	Bernie Ruoff	Winnipeg Blue Bombers	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Paul Deniset (born July 13, 1981 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Belfast Giants of the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Paul Deniset	Belfast Giants
member of sports team	Peter Lorentzen (born September 2, 1983) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player currently with the Stavanger Oilers team in the Norwegian GET-league.	Peter Lorentzen	Stavanger Oilers
member of sports team	Mohamad Lamenezhad (Persian: محمد لامی نژاد‎) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the IPL.	Mohamad Lamenezhad	Sanat Naft F.C.
member of sports team	Yaya Samaké is a Malian professional footballer, who plays as a Midfielder for AS Nianan.	Yaya Samaké	AS Nianan
member of sports team	Adam Kieft (born August 21, 1982) is a former American football offensive lineman for the Cincinnati Bengals of the NFL.	Adam Kieft	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	László Kleinheisler (born 8 April 1994) is a Hungarian football midfielder of German descent who currently plays for SV Werder Bremen.	László Kleinheisler	SV Werder Bremen
member of sports team	Hu Yunfeng was born in Shanghai, China and played for the Shanghai Xuhui District football team before being picked up by top tier Chinese football club Bayi Football Team's youth team.	Hu Yunfeng	Bayi Football Team
member of sports team	Sébastien Le Toux (French pronunciation: ​(sebastjɛ̃ lə tu); born 10 January 1984) is a French footballer who currently plays for Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer.	Sébastien Le Toux	Philadelphia Union
member of sports team	Boban Stojanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бобан Стојановић; born February 27, 1979) is a Serbian football striker who plays for FK Jedinstvo Ub in the Serbian League West.	Boban Stojanović	FK Jedinstvo Ub
member of sports team	David Madlener (born March 31, 1992) is an Austrian professional ice hockey Goaltender who currently plays for Dornbirner EC in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	David Madlener	Dornbirner EC
member of sports team	Moron Phillip (born March 19, 1992) is a footballer from Grenada currently playing for Carib Hurricane FC.	Moron Phillip	Carib Hurricane FC
member of sports team	Justin Carney is an Australian rugby league player with the Castleford Tigers.	Justin Carney	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Larry Wruck (born October 29, 1962 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a former linebacker who played twelve seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League winning two Grey Cups.	Larry Wruck	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Christian Adolph Jurgensen III (born August 23, 1934), known better as Sonny Jurgensen, is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and Washington Redskins.	Sonny Jurgensen	Philadelphia Eagles	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Jake Atz, born Jacob Henry Atz (born July 1, 1879 -- May 22, 1945), was an American second baseman who played for the Washington Senators (1902) and Chicago White Sox (1907--1909) in Major League Baseball.	Jake Atz	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Marko Bezjak (born 26 June 1986) is a Slovenian professional handball player currently playing for SC Magdeburg.	Marko Bezjak	SC Magdeburg
member of sports team	Archie Amerson (born August 24, 1974) is a former running back in the Canadian Football League, spending most of his career with the Toronto Argonauts and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.	Archie Amerson	Toronto Argonauts	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Said Ibraimov Ibraimov (Bulgarian: Саид Ибраимов Ибраимов) (born 14 October 1970) is a Bulgarian former footballer of Turkish descent who is currently employed as a coach at FC Astana.	Said Ibraimov	FC Astana
member of sports team	Yaroslav Halenko (Ukrainian: Ярослав Олександрович Галенко; born January 7, 1991 in the Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian striker who plays for FC Zirka Kirovohrad in the Ukrainian First League.	Yaroslav Halenko	FC Zirka Kirovohrad
member of sports team	Ole Bjur (born September 13, 1968) is a former Danish professional football (soccer) player, who played a total 384 matches for Danish club Brøndby IF, with whom he won three Danish Superliga championships.	Ole Bjur	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Adriano Ferreira Silvestre or simply Adriano (born June 10, 1979 in Santos), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder, who last played Mixto Esporte Clube.	Adriano Ferreira Silvestre	Mixto Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Sefa İşçi (born 26 March 1996) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem in the Belgian Pro League as a right back.	Sefa İşçi	S.V. Zulte Waregem
member of sports team	Patrick Rissmiller (born October 26, 1978 in Belmont, Massachusetts) is an American former professional ice hockey winger who played in the National Hockey League for the San Jose Sharks, New York Rangers, Atlanta Thrashers, and the Florida Panthers.	Patrick Rissmiller	San Jose Sharks	New York Rangers	Atlanta Thrashers	Florida Panthers
member of sports team	Tommi Santala (born June 27, 1979 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player, currently representing the Kloten Flyers of Switzerland's National League A (NLA).	Tommi Santala	Kloten Flyers
member of sports team	Rossy Noprihanis is an Indonesian association football player who plays for Persepam Madura United.	Rossy Noprihanis	Persepam Madura United
member of sports team	Ian Humphreys (born 24 April 1982 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish rugby union footballer, who plays at fly-half (usually called ``out half'' in Ireland) for the Pro12 team Ulster Rugby.	Ian Humphreys	Ulster Rugby
member of sports team	Neven Subotić (German pronunciation: (ˈnɛvɛn ˈsuːbotɪt͡ʃ), Serbian Cyrillic: Heвeн Cубoтић; born 10 December 1988) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a centre back for the German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund.	Neven Subotić	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	On June 22, 2007, Andrei Zyuzin was traded to the Chicago Blackhawks along with Steve Marr for defenceman Adrian Aucoin and the Blackhawks' seventh round pick in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.	Andrei Zyuzin	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Juuso Puustinen (born April 5, 1988 in Kuopio, Finland) is a Finnish ice hockey player for HIFK of the SM-liiga.	Juuso Puustinen	HIFK
member of sports team	Adam Jánoš (born 20 July 1992) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Vysočina Jihlava, on loan from AC Sparta Prague.	Adam Jánoš	AC Sparta Prague
member of sports team	Robert Scott Laidlaw (born February 17, 1953 in Hawthorne, California) is a former American football running back in the National Football League who played for the Dallas Cowboys and the New York Giants.	Scott Laidlaw	Dallas Cowboys	New York Giants
military branch	The Special Reconnaissance Regiment, or SRR, is a special reconnaissance unit of the British Army.	Special Reconnaissance Regiment	British Army
military branch	Helmuth Wilberg (born June 1, 1880, Berlin--died November 20, 1941, near Dresden) was a German officer, the last Luftwaffe General of the Air Force during the Second World War.	Helmuth Wilberg	Luftwaffe
mother	Anna Jarvis was born to Granville E. Jarvis and Ann Jarvis on May 1, 1864 in Webster, WV.	Anna Jarvis	Ann Jarvis
mother	Valdemar Christian of Schleswig-Holstein (1622--February 26, 1656) was the son of king Christian IV of Denmark and his morganatic spouse Kirsten Munk.	Valdemar Christian of Schleswig-Holstein	Kirsten Munk
mother	Nelson Doubleday was born in Brooklyn, New York to Frank Nelson Doubleday (of French Huguenot descent, from a DuBaldy family) and Neltje Blanchan.	Nelson Doubleday	Neltje Blanchan
mother	William Randolph II of Wilton (November 1681 -- October 19, 1741), also known as William Randolph, Jr. or Councillor Randolph, was the Treasurer of Virginia and the oldest child of William Randolph and Mary Isham.	William Randolph II	Mary Isham
mother	Balian of Beirut (died 1247) was the Lord of Beirut, the second of his family, from 1236, and a son of the famous ``Old Lord'' John of Ibelin, by his second wife Melisende of Arsuf.	Balian of Beirut	Melisende of Arsuf
mother	Moon Moon Sen was born into a Hindu family in Calcutta to popular Bengali actress Suchitra Sen and Dibanath Sen. Her father, of Ballygunge Place, was the son of one of the wealthiest businessmen of Calcutta, Adinath Sen. Her great grandfather Dinanath Sen was the Diwan or a Minister of the Maharaja of Tripura.	Moon Moon Sen	Suchitra Sen
mother	Princess Philippine Charlotte of Prussia (German: Philippine Charlotte von Preußen) (13 March 1716 in Berlin -- 17 February 1801 in Brunswick) was a daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover.	Princess Philippine Charlotte of Prussia	Sophia Dorothea of Hanover
mother	Magdalena Luther (4 May (O.S. 25 March) 1529 -- 20 September (O.S. 11 September) 1542) was the third child and second daughter of German priest and iconic figure of the Protestant Reformation, Martin Luther and his wife, Katharina von Bora.	Magdalena Luther	Katharina von Bora
mother	Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias (Felipe Próspero José Francisco Domingo Ignacio Antonio Buenaventura Diego Miguel Luis Alfonso Isidro Ramón Víctor; 28 November 1657 -- 1 November 1661) was the first son of Philip IV of Spain and Mariana of Austria to survive infancy.	Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias	Mariana of Austria
mother	In 132/131 BC Cleopatra Thea's mother, Cleopatra II of Egypt rebelled against her brother Ptolemy VIII Euergetes II Tryphon.	Cleopatra Thea	Cleopatra II of Egypt
mother	Maria Sofia De la Gardie was born to count Jacob De la Gardie and Ebba Brahe.	Maria Sofia De la Gardie	Ebba Brahe
mother	There is another figure in Norse mythology named Váli, a son of Loki by Sigyn, who was transformed by the gods into a slavering wolf who tore out the throat of his brother Narfi to punish Loki for his crimes.	Váli	Loki	Sigyn
mother	Beatrice of Bohemia (Czech: Božena Česká; 1225--1290) was a daughter of King Wenceslaus I of Bohemia and his wife Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen.	Beatrice of Bohemia	Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen
mother	Thomas Jefferson Randolph was the son of Thomas Mann Randolph Jr. and Martha Jefferson Randolph, the oldest son and the second born of their eleven children who survived.	Thomas Jefferson Randolph	Martha Jefferson Randolph
mother	Bofu (?--771 CE) (Chinese: 伯服), sometimes referred to as Bopan (伯盘), was the son of Chinese Zhou Dynasty monarch King You of Zhou and his concubine Bao Si.	Bofu	Bao Si
mother	Judith Gautier (25 August 1845, Paris -- 26 December 1917) was a French poet and historical novelist, the daughter of Théophile Gautier and Ernesta Grisi, sister of the noted singer and ballet dancer Carlotta Grisi.	Judith Gautier	Ernesta Grisi
mother	John Manners, 2nd Duke of Rutland KG (18 September 1676 -- 22 February 1721) was the son of John Manners, 1st Duke of Rutland and his third wife Catherine Wriothesley Noel, daughter of Baptist Noel, 3rd Viscount Campden.	John Manners, 2nd Duke of Rutland	Catherine Wriothesley Noel
mother	Anne Hastings, Countess of Pembroke and 2nd Baroness Manny (24 July 1355 -- 3 April 1384) was the daughter of Walter Manny, 1st Baron Manny and Margaret, Duchess of Norfolk.	Anne Hastings, Countess of Pembroke	Margaret, Duchess of Norfolk
mother	Charles Orlando, Dauphin of France (French: Charles Orland, Dauphin de France) (11 October 1492 -- 16 December 1495) was the eldest son and heir of Charles VIII of France and Anne of Brittany.	Charles Orlando, Dauphin of France	Anne of Brittany
mother	Guillaume Schiffman is the son of the late French screenwriter and film director, Suzanne Schiffman.	Guillaume Schiffman	Suzanne Schiffman
mother	Anna of Hohenstaufen (1230 -- April 1307), born Constance, was the daughter of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor and Bianca Lancia.	Anna of Hohenstaufen	Bianca Lancia
mother	Nepotianus was the son of Eutropia, half-sister of Emperor Constantine I, and of Virius Nepotianus.	Nepotianus	Eutropia
mother	Angela Hitler was born in Braunau, Austria-Hungary, the second child of Alois Hitler, Sr. and his second wife, Franziska Matzelsberger.	Angela Hitler	Franziska Matzelsberger
mother	Margaret of Artois (1285--1311) was the eldest child of Philip of Artois and his wife, Blanche of Brittany.	Margaret of Artois	Blanche of Brittany
mother	Antipater II of Macedon (Greek: Ἀντίπατρος Βʹ ὁ Μακεδών), was the son of Cassander and Thessalonike of Macedon, who was a half-sister of Alexander the Great.	Antipater II of Macedon	Thessalonike of Macedon
mother	Henry Howard, 10th Earl of Suffolk (1 January 1706 -- 22 April 1745) was the only child of Henrietta Howard, Countess of Suffolk and Charles Howard, 9th Earl of Suffolk.	Henry Howard, 10th Earl of Suffolk	Henrietta Howard, Countess of Suffolk
mother	Elrond was the son of Eärendil and Elwing, and a great-grandson of Lúthien, born in Beleriand in the First Age, making him well over 6,000 years old by the time of the events described in The Lord of the Rings.	Elrond	Elwing
mother	Hisham II succeeded his father Al-Hakam II as Caliph of Cordoba in 976 at the age of 10, with his mother Subh and the first minister Jafar al-Mushafi acting as regents.	Hisham II	Subh
mother	James Edward Lascelles (born 5 October 1953), styled The Hon. James Lascelles, is a British musician and the second son of the 7th Earl of Harewood and his first wife, the former Marion Stein (subsequently Mrs. Jeremy Thorpe).	James Lascelles	Marion Stein
mother	Clémentine Autain is the daughter of actress Dominique Laffin and singer Yvan Dautin.	Clémentine Autain	Dominique Laffin
mother	Isabella of Castile, Duchess of York (1355 -- 23 December 1392) was the daughter of King Peter and his mistress María de Padilla (d. 1361).	Isabella of Castile, Duchess of York	María de Padilla
mother	Heardred (Proto-Norse *Harðurāðaz ), died c. 530, is the son of Hygelac, king of the Geats, and his queen Hygd, in Beowulf.	Heardred	Hygd
mother	Maria Antonia Ferdinanda of Spain (María Antonia Fernanda; 17 November 1729 -- 19 September 1785) was an Infanta of Spain and the youngest daughter of Philip V of Spain and Elisabeth Farnese.	Maria Antonia Ferdinanda of Spain	Elisabeth Farnese
mother	Magdalena of Nassau-Dillenburg (15 December 1547 at Dillenburg Castle in Dillenburg -- 16 May 1633 in Öhringen) was a daughter of William I, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg and his second wife, Juliana of Stolberg.	Magdalena of Nassau-Dillenburg	Juliana of Stolberg
mother	Lahamu (also Lakhamu, Lachos, Lumasi, or Assyro-Akkadian Lammasu) was the first-born daughter of Tiamat and Abzu in Akkadian mythology.	Lahamu	Tiamat
mother	Cecile of France (1097 -- after 1145) was a daughter of Philip I of France and Bertrade de Montfort.	Cecile of France	Bertrade de Montfort
mother	Diane de France (1538 -- 11 January 1619) was the natural (illegitimate) daughter of Henry II, King of France, and his Piedmontese mistress Filippa Duci.	Diane de France	Filippa Duci
mother	Dominique Blanchar was born in Paris, the daughter of fellow actors Pierre Blanchar and Marthe Vinot.	Dominique Blanchar	Marthe Vinot
mother	Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (Victoria Franziska Antonia Juliane Luise; 14 February 1822 -- 10 December 1857) was the daughter of Prince Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Maria Antonia Koháry de Csábrág.	Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha	Maria Antonia Koháry de Csábrág
mouth of the watercourse	The Jasenička river (Serbian: Јасеничка река / Jasenička reka) is a river in eastern Serbia, a 55 km-long right tributary to the Danube.	Jasenička	Danube
mouth of the watercourse	Osyotr River (Russian: Осётр) is a river in Tula and Moscow Oblasts in Russia, a right tributary of the Oka River.	Osyotr River	Oka River
named after	In classical electromagnetism, Ampère's circuital law, discovered by André-Marie Ampère in 1826, relates the integrated magnetic field around a closed loop to the electric current passing through the loop.	Ampère's circuital law	André-Marie Ampère
named after	The boulevard was again renamed to ``Heiwa Boulevard'' in late 1941 during Japanese Home Rule and Roxas Boulevard in the 1960s to honor President Manuel Roxas, the fifth president of the Republic of Philippines.	Roxas Boulevard	Manuel Roxas
named after	Neander Lake was named for Nels P. Neander, a pioneer settler.	Neander Lake	Nels P. Neander
named after	The Cochrane Library (named after Archie Cochrane) is a collection of databases in medicine and other healthcare specialties provided by the Cochrane Collaboration and other organizations.	Cochrane Library	Archie Cochrane
named after	Mevo'ot Yericho (Hebrew: מְבוֹאוֹת יְרִיחוֹ) (lit. ``Doorway to Jericho''), founded in 1999, is an Israeli settlement and a communal settlement located in the West Bank's southern Jordan Valley just north of Jericho, in the Yitav Valley.	Mevo'ot Yericho	Jericho
named after	In mathematics, a Cauchy sequence (French pronunciation: ​(koʃi); English pronunciation: /ˈkoʊʃiː/ KOH-shee), named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy, is a sequence whose elements become arbitrarily close to each other as the sequence progresses.	Cauchy sequence	Augustin-Louis Cauchy
named after	The name of ENDURANCE is a backronym in tribute to Ernest Shackleton's Antarctic exploration ship Endurance.	ENDURANCE	Endurance
named after	The Mincer earnings function is a single-equation model that explains earnings as a function of schooling and experience, named after Jacob Mincer.	Mincer earnings function	Jacob Mincer
named after	The Feast of the Ascension of Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, also known as Ascension Thursday, Holy Thursday, or Ascension Day, commemorates the bodily Ascension of Jesus into heaven.	Feast of the Ascension	Thursday	Ascension of Jesus
named after	EFnet or Eris-Free network is a major IRC network, with more than 35,000 users.	EFnet	Eris	IRC network
named after	The Hilbert numbers were named after David Hilbert.	Hilbert number	David Hilbert
named after	Ricardian economics are the economic theories of David Ricardo, an English political economist born in 1772 who made a fortune as a stockbroker and loan broker.	Ricardian economics	David Ricardo
named after	Daggett Brook was named for Benjamin F. Daggett, a lumberjack who felled trees there.	Daggett Brook	Benjamin F. Daggett
named after	Egan's Rats was founded around 1890 by Thomas ``Snake'' Kinney and Thomas Egan, two street toughs living in the riverfront ``Kerry Patch'' neighborhood of St. Louis.	Egan's Rats	Thomas Egan
named after	The Kurchatov Medal, or the Gold Medal in honour of Igor Kurchatov is an award given for outstanding achievements in nuclear physics and in the field of nuclear energy.	Kurchatov Medal	Igor Kurchatov
named after	In mathematics, a Noetherian topological space, named for Emmy Noether, is a topological space in which closed subsets satisfy the descending chain condition.	Noetherian topological space	Emmy Noether
named after	The Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe (German: Denkmal für die ermordeten Juden Europas), also known as the Holocaust Memorial (German: Holocaust-Mahnmal), is a memorial in Berlin to the Jewish victims of the Holocaust, designed by architect Peter Eisenman and engineer Buro Happold.	Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe	the Holocaust
named after	Shimon HaTzadik is a Jewish neighborhood in East Jerusalem, established around the Tomb of Simeon the Just, after whom it was named.	Shimon HaTzadik	Tomb of Simeon the Just
named after	Viviani's theorem, named after Vincenzo Viviani, states that the sum of the distances from any interior point to the sides of an equilateral triangle equals the length of the triangle's altitude.	Viviani's theorem	Vincenzo Viviani
named after	In mathematics, Helmut Hasse's local-global principle, also known as the Hasse principle, is the idea that one can find an integer solution to an equation by using the Chinese remainder theorem to piece together solutions modulo powers of each different prime number.	Hasse principle	Helmut Hasse
named after	The Gosper curve, also known as Peano-Gosper Curve, named after Bill Gosper, also known as the flowsnake (a spoonerism of snowflake), is a space-filling curve.	Gosper curve	Bill Gosper
named after	The corporate name ``Areva'' is inspired by the Trappist Santa María la Real monastery in Arévalo in Spain.	Areva	Arévalo
named after	The name Nigeria was taken from the Niger River running through the country.	Nigeria	Niger River
named after	The Hammond organ is an electric organ, invented by Laurens Hammond and John M. Hanert and first manufactured in 1935.	Hammond organ	Laurens Hammond
named after	The main church is dedicated to Saint Nicholas (a patron saint of seamen) and the feast of the Epiphany St. Nicholas Naval Cathedral consists of two separate churches.	St. Nicholas Naval Cathedral	Saint Nicholas
named after	The Grimme-Preis (``Grimme Award''; up to 2010: Adolf-Grimme-Preis) is a television award and one of the most prestigious awards for German television.	Grimme-Preis	Adolf-Grimme
named after	In mathematics, the Hurwitz problem, named after Adolf Hurwitz, is the problem of finding multiplicative relations between quadratic forms which generalise those known to exist between sums of squares in certain numbers of variables.	Hurwitz problem	Adolf Hurwitz
named after	Kochite is found in the alkaline igneous complex of East Greenland and is named after Danish geologist Lauge Koch (1892-1964), a geologist who overturned the previous conception of Greenland's landscapes.	Kochite	Lauge Koch
named after	Macphersonite is named after Harry Gordon Macpherson, a keeper of minerals at the Royal Scottish Museum.	Macphersonite	Harry Gordon Macpherson
named after	The J J Ebers Award was established in 1971 with the intention to foster progress in electron devices and to commemorate the life activities of Jewell James Ebers, whose distinguished contributions, particularly in the transistor art, shaped the understanding and technology of electron devices.	J J Ebers Award	Jewell James Ebers
named after	The Langhian was a continuing warming period defined by Lorenzo Pareto in 1865, it was originally established in the Langhe area north of Ceva in northern Italy, hence the name.	Langhian	Langhe
named after	In mathematical logic, the Mostowski collapse lemma is a statement in set theory named for Andrzej Mostowski.	Mostowski collapse lemma	Andrzej Mostowski
named after	In mathematics, Osgood's lemma, introduced by William Fogg Osgood (1899), is a proposition in complex analysis.	Osgood's lemma	William Fogg Osgood
named after	The Erdős number (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɛrdøːʃ)) describes the ``collaborative distance'' between mathematician Paul Erdős and another person, as measured by authorship of mathematical papers.	Erdős number	Paul Erdős
named after	Ureaplasma infection is an infection by two species in the genus Ureaplasma, Infections caused Ureaplasma urealyticum are more common than infections caused by Ureaplasma parvum.	Ureaplasma infection	Ureaplasma urealyticum
named after	Queens was established in 1683, as one of the original 12 counties of New York and was named for the Portuguese Princess Catherine of Braganza (1638--1705), who was at the time queen of England, Scotland, and Ireland.	Queens	Catherine of Braganza
named after	Langhovde Glacier (69°13′S 39°48′E) is a glacier at the east side of the Langhovde Hills, flowing north to Hovde Bay on the east shore of Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica.	Langhovde Glacier	Langhovde Hills
named after	The Culture Freedom Day has been inspired by the Software Freedom Day, an observance of free and open source software that has increasingly included elements of celebrating free culture going beyond just software related issues.	Culture Freedom Day	Software Freedom Day
named after	The Wien bridge is a type of bridge circuit that was developed by Max Wien in 1891.	Wien bridge	Max Wien
named after	Dirac hole theory is a theory in quantum mechanics, named after English theoretical physicist Paul Dirac.	Dirac hole theory	Paul Dirac
named after	Faraday's laws of electrolysis are quantitative relationships based on the electrochemical researches published by Michael Faraday in 1834.	Faraday's laws of electrolysis	Michael Faraday
named after	The Paul Ehrlich Institute (German: Paul-Ehrlich-Institut -- Bundesinstitut für Impfstoffe und biomedizinische Arzneimittel, PEI) is a German research institution and medical regulatory body, and is the German federal institute for vaccines and biomedicines.	Paul Ehrlich Institute	Paul-Ehrlich
named after	In mathematical analysis Hölder's inequality, named after Otto Hölder, is a fundamental inequality between integrals and an indispensable tool for the study of Lp spaces.	Hölder's inequality	Otto Hölder
named after	The Allerheiligen-Hofkirche (Court Church of All Saints) is a church in the Munich Residenz (the royal palace of the Bavarian monarchs) designed by Leo von Klenze and built between 1826 and 1837.	Allerheiligen-Hofkirche	All Saints
narrative location	Principal photography began on December 5, 1988 Though set in Seattle, Washington, The Fabulous Baker Boys was filmed primarily on location in Los Angeles, California.	The Fabulous Baker Boys	Washington
narrative location	From Vegas to Macau (Chinese: 賭城風雲), also known as The Man From Macau (Chinese: 澳門風雲), is a Hong Kong-Chinese crime comedy film directed by Wong Jing.	From Vegas to Macau	Hong Kong
native language	Robert Dhéry (27 April 1921 -- 5 December 2004) (born Robert Léon Henri Fourrey or Robert Foullcy) was a French actor, director and screenwriter.	Robert Dhéry	French
native language	Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre (also called Bernardin de St. Pierre) (19 January 1737 Le Havre -- 21 January 1814 Éragny, Val-d'Oise) was a French writer and botanist.	Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre	French
native language	Louis Stanislas de Girardin (19 January 1762 - February 1827) was a French general, prefect, and deputy.	Louis Stanislas de Girardin	French
native language	Louis Joxe (16 September 1901 -- 6 April 1991) was a French statesman, judge and politician.	Louis Joxe	French
native language	David Bret (born 8 November 1954) is a French-born British author of showbiz biographies.	David Bret	French
native language	Juan Antonio Villacañas (born 1922 in Toledo; died August 21, 2001) was a Spanish poet, essayist and critic.	Juan Antonio Villacañas	Spanish
native language	Sabine Jünger (born 21 May 1973 in Königs Wusterhausen) is a German politician for The Left Party.PDS.	Sabine Jünger	German
native language	Karamba Diaby (born November 27, 1961) is a Senegalese-born German chemist and politician.	Karamba Diaby	German
native language	Yves Mirande (Lannion, March 8, 1875 -- Paris, March 20, 1957) was a French screenwriter, director, actor, and producer.	Yves Mirande	French
native language	Serge Blisko (born 6 January 1950, in Nancy) is a French politician and a member of the National Assembly of France.	Serge Blisko	French
native language	Jean-François Ducos (26 October 1765, Bordeaux -- 31 October 1793) was a French député for the Gironde to the Legislative Assembly then the National Convention.	Jean-François Ducos	French
native language	Harry Baur (12 April 1880 as Henri-Marie Baur in Montrouge, Hauts-de-Seine -- 8 April 1943 in Paris) was a French actor.	Harry Baur	French
native language	Alexandre Millerand (French: (alɛksɑ̃dʁ milʁɑ̃); 10 February 1859 -- 7 April 1943) was a French politician.	Alexandre Millerand	French
native language	Artus de Penguern (13 March 1957 -- 14 May 2013) was a French director, writer and actor of Breton descent.	Artus de Penguern	French
native language	Alfred Desmasures was a French journalist writer essayist and historian, born in Mondrepuis January 20, 1832 and died the May 20, 1893 in Hirson.	Alfred Desmasures	French
native language	Andries Teeuw (12 August 1921 -- 18 May 2012), better known as A. Teeuw in scholarly circles and Hans Teeuw to his friends, was a Dutch critic of Indonesian literature.	A. Teeuw	Dutch
native language	Dora Heyenn (born 16 May 1949 in Kopendorf on Fehmarn) is a German biology and chemistry teacher and politician of Germany's Left Party and member of the state parliament of Hamburg, who Heyenn isn't a member of the Left party parliamentary group.	Dora Heyenn	German
native language	Arjen Robben (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑrjən ˈrɔbə(n)); born 23 January 1984) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for German club Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Netherlands national team.	Arjen Robben	Dutch
native language	Michel Gérard Joseph Colucci (born October 28, 1944 in Paris, France; died June 19, 1986 in Opio, Alpes-Maritimes, France), better known as Coluche (French pronunciation: ​(kɔˈlyʃ)), was a French comedian and actor, famous for his irreverent sense of humour.	Coluche	French
native language	Yves Guyot (6 September 1843 -- 22 February 1928) was a French politician and economist.	Yves Guyot	French
native language	Hans-Olaf Henkel (born 14 March 1940) is a German manager and political publicist.	Hans-Olaf Henkel	German
native language	Delphine de Girardin (24 January 1804 -- 29 June 1855), pen name Vicomte Delaunay, was a French author.	Delphine de Girardin	French
native language	André Weinfeld is a French and American film and television producer, director, screenwriter, photographer and journalist.	André Weinfeld	French
native language	Marilou Bourdon (born September 20, 1990) is a French-Canadian pop singer from Longueuil.	Marilou	French
native language	Jean-Claude Fruteau (born 6 June 1947 in Saint-Benoît, Réunion) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for France's ``outre mer''.	Jean-Claude Fruteau	French
native language	Malek Boutih (French pronunciation: ​(malɛk buˈti)) (born 27 October 1964) is a French politician.	Malek Boutih	French
native language	Dorothee Stapelfeldt (born 1956) is a German politician, representative of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and member of the Hamburg Parliament.	Dorothee Stapelfeldt	German
native language	Maurice Girodias (12 April 1919 -- 3 July 1990) was a French publisher who was the founder of the Olympia Press.	Maurice Girodias	French
native language	Charles Peter Magnusson (born 9 December 1974) is a Swedish actor, writer and comedian.	Peter Magnusson	Swedish
native language	Charles Alphonse Brot (12 April 1807 -- 3 January 1895) was a prolific French author and playwright.	Alphonse Brot	French
native language	Marie Desplechin (born Roubaix, Nord, 7 January 1959) is a French writer.	Marie Desplechin	French
native language	Maud Forget born May 7, 1982 is a French actress best known for her roles in ``Mauvaises fréquentations'' (1999, ``Bad Company''), and ``La vie promise'' (2002, ``Ghost River''/``The Promised Life'') opposite Isabelle Huppert and Pascal Greggory.	Maud Forget	French
native language	Pierre Lanfrey (26 October 1828 -- 15 November 1877) was a French historian and politician.	Pierre Lanfrey	French
native language	Félix Édouard Justin Émile Borel (French: (bɔʁɛl); 7 January 1871 -- 3 February 1956) was a French mathematician and politician.	Émile Borel	French
native language	Paul Rivet (7 May 1876, Wasigny, Ardennes -- 21 March 1958) was a French ethnologist; he founded the Musée de l'Homme in 1937.	Paul Rivet	French
native language	Manuel Blanc (born 12 June 1968) is a French television and film actor.	Manuel Blanc	French
native language	Michel Mitrani (1930 - 1996) was a French film director and screenwriter.	Michel Mitrani	French
native language	Aroldo Tieri (28 August 1917 -- 28 December 2006) was an Italian actor.	Aroldo Tieri	Italian
native language	Max O'Rell was the pen name of Léon Paul Blouet (3 March 1847 -- 24 May 1903), French author and journalist.	Max O'Rell	French
native language	Thibaut Pinot (born 29 May 1990 in Mélisey, Haute-Saône) is a French professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam FDJ.	Thibaut Pinot	French
native language	Alkistis Protopsalti (Greek: Άλκηστις Πρωτοψάλτη), born as Alkistis Sevasti Attikuzel (Greek: Άλκηστις Σεβαστή Αττικιουζέλ), is a Greek singer, who is currently serving as the Alternate Minister of Tourism in the Caretaker Cabinet of Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou.	Alkistis Protopsalti	Greek
native language	Louis Dutens (15 January 1730 -- 23 May 1812) was a French writer born in Tours, of Protestant parents, who lived most of his life in Britain or in British service on the continent.	Louis Dutens	French
native language	Born into an upper-middle-class family in 1803, Thérèse-Adèle Husson was a French writer in the post-Revolutionary period.	Thérèse-Adèle Husson	French
native language	Irène de Lipkowski (3 December 1898 -- 16 August 1995) was a French politician who served as a member of the National Assembly from 1951 to 1955, and as the 8th President of the International Alliance of Women from 1973 to 1979.	Irène de Lipkowski	French
native language	Baron Edmond de Mandat-Grancey (the good) (1842--1911), was a French journalist, writer and naval officer.	Edmond de Mandat-Grancey	French
native language	Georges Dagonia (born December 9, 1930 in Guadeloupe, and died September 29, 2007) is a politician from Guadeloupe who was elected to the French Senate in 1977 .	Georges Dagonia	French
native language	Pierre-Jules Hetzel (January 15, 1814 -- March 17, 1886) was a French editor and publisher.	Pierre-Jules Hetzel	French
native language	Ponce Denis Écouchard Lebrun (11 August 1729 -- 31 August 1807) was a French lyric poet.	Ponce Denis Écouchard Lebrun	French
native language	Auguste Émile Faguet (French pronunciation: ​(emil faɡɛ); 17 December 1847 -- 7 June 1916) was a French author and literary critic.	Émile Faguet	French
native language	Josias de Soûlas, known as ``Floridor'', Sieur de Prinefosse (c.1608-14 August 1671) was a French actor.	Floridor	French
native language	Dida Diafat (born April 24, 1970 in Algiers) is an Algerian-French Muay Thai kickboxer who became a world champion in Thai kickboxing or Muay Thai at age 21.	Dida Diafat	French
native language	Dr. Werner Münch (born 25 September 1940 in Bottrop, Province of Westphalia) is a German politician (CDU).	Werner Münch	German
native language	Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai (12 June 1760 -- 25 August 1797) was a French novelist, playwright, journalist, politician, and diplomat.	Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai	French
native language	Norbert Eschmann (19 September 1933 -- 13 May 2009) was a Swiss-French footballer.	Norbert Eschmann	French
native language	Honoré Muraire, (5 November 1750 - 20 November 1837) was a French statesman of the French Revolution.	Honoré Muraire	French
native language	Pierre Bec (in Occitan Pèire Bèc 11 December 1921 -- 30 June 2014) was a French Occitan language poet and linguist.	Pierre Bec	French
native language	Vincent Macaigne (born 19 October 1978) is a French actor, theatre director and film director.	Vincent Macaigne	French
native language	Jacques Frantz (born 4 April 1947) is a French actor and voice actor.	Jacques Frantz	French
native language	Arthur van Schendel (15 March 1874, Batavia, Dutch East Indies -- 11 September 1946, Amsterdam) was a Dutch writer of novels and short stories.	Arthur van Schendel	Dutch
native language	François Porché (born Cognac, November 21, 1877 - died Vichy, April 19, 1944) was a French dramatist, poet and literary critic.	François Porché	French
native language	Robert Solé (born 1946) is a French journalist and novelist of Egyptian origin.	Robert Solé	French
native language	Klaus Rost (born 2 March 1940) is a retired German lightweight wrestler.	Klaus Rost	German
native language	Lucien Baroux (born Marcel Lucien Barou) (Toulouse, 21 September 1888 - Hossegor, 21 May 1968) was a French actor.	Lucien Baroux	French
native language	Georg Brandes (4 February 1842 -- 19 February 1927), born Morris Cohen, was a Danish critic and scholar who greatly influenced Scandinavian and European literature from the 1870s through the turn of the 20th century.	Georg Brandes	Danish
native language	Louis Daquin (20 May 1908 -- 2 October 1980) was a French film director and actor.	Louis Daquin	French
native language	Émile Goudeau (29 August 1849 -- 18 September 1906) was a French journalist, novelist and poet.	Émile Goudeau	French
native language	Theodor Haubach (15 September 1896 in Frankfurt am Main -- 23 January 1945 in Berlin) was a German journalist, SPD politician, and resistance fighter against the Nazi régime.	Theodor Haubach	German
native language	Victor Bérard (French: (beʁaʁ); Morez, 10 August 1864 -- Paris, 13 November 1931) was a French diplomat and politician.	Victor Bérard	French
native language	Dr. Joachim Pfeiffer (Mutlangen, 25 April 1967) is a German politician who represents the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in the Bundestag, the German federal parliament.	Joachim Pfeiffer	German
native language	Judith Godrèche (March 23, 1972) is a French actress and author.	Judith Godrèche	French
native language	René Caillié (19 November 1799 -- 17 May 1838) was a French explorer and the first European to return alive from the town of Timbuktu.	René Caillié	French
native language	Daniel Lesueur was the nom de plume of Jeanne Lapauze, née Loiseau (1860--1920), a French poet and novelist.	Jeanne Lapauze	French
native language	Marie-Catherine de Villedieu, born Marie-Catherine Desjardins and generally referred to as Madame de Villedieu (1640 - 20 October 1683) was a French writer of plays, novels and short fiction.	Marie-Catherine de Villedieu	French
native language	Amadis Jamyn (1538--1592) was a French poet, a friend of Ronsard.	Amadis Jamyn	French
native language	Jean-César Vincens-Plauchut (September 16, 1755 -- August 15, 1801) is a French politician.	Jean-César Vincens-Plauchut	French
native language	Giuseppe Caspar Mezzofanti (19 September 1774 -- 15 March 1849) was an Italian cardinal and famed linguist and hyperpolyglot.	Giuseppe Caspar Mezzofanti	Italian
native language	Kurt Lichtenstein (Born 1 December 1911 Berlin, Died 12 October 1961 inner German border) was a communist journalist, and his death was a notable result of the German Democratic Republic's border control policies.	Kurt Lichtenstein	German
native language	Bernard Poignant (born 19 September 1945 in Vannes, Brittany) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the west of France.	Bernard Poignant	French
native language	Francis Huster (born 8 December 1947) is a French stage, film and television actor, film director and scriptwriter.	Francis Huster	French
native language	Géraldine Nakache (Arabic: جيرالدين نقاش; born 16 February 1980) is a French actress, director and screenwriter of Algerian Jewish descent.	Géraldine Nakache	French
native language	Jörg van Essen (born 29 September 1947 in Burscheid, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German politician of the Free Democratic Party in the Bundestag.	Jörg van Essen	German
native language	Lionel Jospin (French: (ljɔnɛl ʒɔspɛ̃); born 12 July 1937) is a French politician, who served as Prime Minister of France from 1997 to 2002.	Lionel Jospin	French
native language	Victor Euphemien Philarète Chasles (8 October 1798 -- 18 July 1873) was a French critic and man of letters.	Philarète Chasles	French
native language	Ingrid Thobois is a French novelist and development worker.	Ingrid Thobois	French
native language	Kai-Uwe von Hassel (21 April 1913 -- 8 May 1997) was a German politician from Schleswig-Holstein associated with the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).	Kai-Uwe von Hassel	German
native language	Hans Hellmut Kirst (5 December 1914 - 13 February 1989) was a distinguished German novelist and the author of 46 books, many of which were translated into English.	Hans Hellmut Kirst	German
native language	André Mandouze (10 June 1916 in Bordeaux - 5 June 2006 in Porto-Vecchio), was a French academic and journalist, a Catholic, and an anti-fascist and anti-colonialist activist.	André Mandouze	French
native language	Ary Abittan (born 31 January 1974) is a French actor and humorist.	Ary Abittan	French
native language	Hervé Bazin (April 17, 1911 -- February 17, 1996) was a French writer, whose best-known novels covered semi-autobiographical topics of teenage rebellion and dysfunctional families.	Hervé Bazin	French
native language	Anne-Marie Garat (born 1946 in Bordeaux, Gironde) is a French novelist.	Anne-Marie Garat	French
native language	Paul Teng Ping Ya (born 6 March 1955) is a Dutch comic book writer and artist.	Paul Teng	Dutch
native language	Charles-Marie Vanel, known as Charles Vanel (21 August 1892 -- 15 April 1989) was a French actor and director.	Charles Vanel	French
native language	Jacques Auguste de Thou (Thuanus) (October 8, 1553, Paris -- May 7, 1617, Paris) was a French historian, book collector and president of the Parlement de Paris.	Jacques Auguste de Thou	French
native language	Daniel Křetínský is a Czech lawyer and businessman.	Daniel Křetínský	Czech
native language	Félix Arvers (July 23, 1806 -- November 7, 1850) was a French poet and dramatist, most famous for his poem Un secret.	Félix Arvers	French
native language	Lebaudy Frères was a French sugar producer based in Moisson, France.	Lebaudy Frères	French
native language	Pierre Ernest Pinard (10 October 1822 -- 12 September 1909) was a French prosecutor and Minister of the Interior.	Ernest Pinard	French
native language	Jan Montyn (13 November 1924 -- 10 August 2015) was a Dutch artist, specialized in etching.	Jan Montyn	Dutch
native language	Nathalie Sarraute (French: (natali saʁot); July 18, 1900 -- October 19, 1999) was a French lawyer and writer.	Nathalie Sarraute	French
native language	Claude Joseph Dorat (31 December 1734 -- 29 April 1780) was a French writer, also known as Le Chevalier Dorat.	Claude Joseph Dorat	French
native language	Park Jaesam(Hangul: 박재삼) was a Korean Poet.	Park Jaesam	Korean
native language	Eduard Vogel (7 March 1829 - February 1856) was a German explorer in Central Africa.	Eduard Vogel	German
native language	Rosy Varte (22 November 1923 -- 14 January 2012) was a Turkish-born French actress of Armenian descent.	Rosy Varte	French
native language	Paul Scarron (c. July 1, 1610 in Paris -- October 6, 1660 in Paris) (a.k.a. Monsieur Scarron) was a French poet, dramatist, and novelist, born in Paris.	Paul Scarron	French
native language	Thierry Maulnier (born Jacques Talagrand; 1 October 1909, Alès -- 9 January 1988, Marnes-la-Coquette) was a French journalist, essayist, dramatist, and literary critic.	Thierry Maulnier	French
native language	Cornelis Pronk (10 December 1691 -- 28 or 29 September 1759), also known as Cornelis Pronck, was a Dutch draughtsman, painter and porcelain designer.	Cornelis Pronk	Dutch
native language	Germain-François Poullain de Saint-Foix (5 February 1698, Rennes -- 25 August 1776) was a French writer and playwright.	Germain-François Poullain de Saint-Foix	French
native language	Clotilde de Vaux, born Clotilde-Marie de Ficquelmont (April 3, 1815 in Paris, France -- April 5, 1846 in Paris, France), was a French writer and poet.	Clotilde de Vaux	French
native language	Borjgin Dashdorjiin Natsagdorj (Mongolian: Боржгин Дашдоржийн Нацагдорж; Nov 17. 1906 - 1937), was a Mongolian poet, writer, and playwright, and founder of the Mongolian Writer's Union.	Dashdorjiin Natsagdorj	Mongolian
native language	Laurence Boccolini (born 8 May 1963 in Versailles) is a French radio and television host.	Laurence Boccolini	French
native language	Dirk Sondermann (born 1960 in Bochum) is a German theologian and specialist for folkloristics.	Dirk Sondermann	German
native language	Jean Poiret, born Jean Poiré, (17 August 1926 -- 14 March 1992) was a French actor, director, and screenwriter.	Jean Poiret	French
native language	Constantin François de Chassebœuf, comte de Volney (3 February 1757 -- 25 April 1820) was a French philosopher, abolitionist, historian, orientalist, and politician.	Constantin François de Chassebœuf, comte de Volney	French
native language	Jean-Paul Mari (born 1950) is an award-winning French author and journalist.	Jean-Paul Mari	French
native language	Hermann Ludwig was a German film editor of the post-war era.	Hermann Ludwig	German
native language	Louis-François Archambault (30 March 1742, Paris - 5 January 1812, Paris), stage name Dorvigny, was a French novelist, actor and playwright, and the inventor of ``janotism'' (gross errors of language for comic effect).	Dorvigny	French
native language	Jean-François Lamour (born February 2, 1956 in Paris) is a former French fencer and current French politician and cabinet minister.	Jean-François Lamour	French
native language	Charles Perrault (French: (ʃaʁl pɛʁo); 12 January 1628 -- 16 May 1703) was a French author and member of the Académie Française.	Charles Perrault	French
native language	Marius van Amelsvoort (August 29, 1930, Kaatsheuvel -- May 30, 2006, Veldhoven) was a Dutch politician and member of the Katholieke Volkspartij, (KVP), later he was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).	Marius van Amelsvoort	Dutch
native language	Sarah Bouyain (born 1968) is a French-Burkinabé writer and film director.	Sarah Bouyain	French
native language	Marine Delterme (born 12 March 1970) is a French actress, painter, sculptor and former model.	Marine Delterme	French
native language	Marcel Allain (15 September 1885 -- 25 August 1969) was a French writer mostly remembered today for his co-creation with Pierre Souvestre of the fictional arch-villain and master criminal Fantômas.	Marcel Allain	French
native language	Denis Saurat (March 21, 1890 -- June 7, 1958) was an Anglo-French scholar, writer, and broadcaster on a wide range of topics, including explaining French society and culture to the English and what he called ``philosophical poetry.''	Denis Saurat	French
native language	Christine Albanel (born 25 June 1955) is a French politician and civil servant.	Christine Albanel	French
native language	Jérôme Tharaud (18 May 1874, Saint-Junien, Haute-Vienne -- 23 January 1953, Paris) was a French writer.	Jérôme Tharaud	French
native language	Renée Massip, (31 Mars 1907 - 21 March 2002) was a French writer and journalist, winner of the 1963 Prix Interallié and member of the jury of the Prix Femina.	Renée Massip	French
native language	Paul Löbe (December 14, 1875 -- August 3, 1967) was a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), who served as President of the Reichstag.	Paul Löbe	German
native language	Catherine Baker (born 16 July 1947 in Lille) is a French journalist and unschooling essayist.	Catherine Baker	French
native language	Ren Yexiang (Chinese: 任冶湘; pinyin: Rén Yěxiāng; born 1961) is a Chinese actress of the 1980s.	Ren Yexiang	Chinese
native language	Charles Claude Ange Monneron (5 April 1735, Antibes, Alpes-Maritimes -- 30 May 1799, Annonay) was a French businessman, banker and politician.	Charles Claude Ange Monneron	French
native language	Jean-Pierre Duprey (1 January 1930, Rouen -- 2 October 1959, Paris) was a French poet and sculptor, one of the modern examples of an accursed poet.	Jean-Pierre Duprey	French
native language	Aurélie Amblard is a French actress, who works both in France and in the UK.	Aurélie Amblard	French
native language	Bertrand Le Gendre (Neuilly-sur-Seine, 25 February 1948) is a French journalist and essayist.	Bertrand Le Gendre	French
native language	Émile Beaussire (26 May 1824, Luçon - 28 May 1889) was a French republican politician and a philosopher.	Émile Beaussire	French
native language	Adriaan van der Willigen (1766, Rotterdam -- 1841, Haarlem), was a Dutch writer of plays and traveloques who is mostly remembered today for his comprehensive list of painter biographies.	Adriaan van der Willigen	Dutch
native language	During a residence of three months in Nigeria in 2000, Sam Cambio led workshops of poetic writing for adults and children organized by the Alliance française of Kano and Luc Lagouche (then teaching in the French school of Kano) as well as The Alliance française and the French Cultural center of Lagos.	Sam Cambio	French
native language	Abel Hermant (3 February 1862 -- 29 September 1950) was a French novelist, playwright, essayist and writer, and member of the Académie française.	Abel Hermant	French
native language	Chloé Lambert (born March 30, 1976 in Marseille) is a French film and television actress..	Chloé Lambert	French
native language	Gabrielle Danièle Marguerite Andrée Girard (9 October 1926 -- 17 October 2015), known by her stage name Danièle Delorme, was a French actress and film producer.	Danièle Delorme	French
native language	Maurice Antiste (born June 22, 1953 in Martinique) is a French politician who was elected to the French Senate on September 25, 2011 representing the department of Martinique.	Maurice Antiste	French
native language	Liliane Montevecchi (born October 13, 1932) is a French-Italian actress, dancer, and singer.	Liliane Montevecchi	French
native language	André Reybaz (born 29 October 1929 in Paris, France, died 7 april 1989 in Le Pré-Saint-Gervais, France) was a French actor.	André Reybaz	French
native language	Pierre Monnerville (February 24, 1895, Cayenne, French Guiana - September 6, 1970 in Cayenne) was a politician from French Guiana who belonged to the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) and served and represented Guadeloupe in the French National Assembly from 1956 to 1967.	Pierre Monnerville	French
native language	Margot Kalinke (born 23 April 1909 in Barcin, Poland, died 25 November 1981 in Munich, Germany) was a German politician of the German Party and later the Christian Democratic Union.	Margot Kalinke	German
native language	Nicolas Bedos (born 21 April 1980) is a French theatre director, actor and comedian.	Nicolas Bedos	French
native language	Katharyne Lescailje or Catharina Lescaille (born Amsterdam, September 26, 1649 - died June 8, 1711) was a Dutch poet, translator and Publisher.	Katharyne Lescailje	Dutch
native language	Stanislas Nordey (born 1966 in Paris) is a French actor and director.	Stanislas Nordey	French
native language	Auguste Champetier de Ribes (30 July 1882, Antony, Hauts-de-Seine -- 6 March 1947, Paris) was a French politician and jurist.	Auguste Champetier de Ribes	French
native language	Antoine Michel is a French Actor.	Antoine Michel	French
native language	Ossian (/ˈɒʃən, ˈɒsiən/; Irish Gaelic/Scottish Gaelic: Oisean) is the narrator and purported author of a cycle of epic poems published by the Scottish poet James Macpherson from 1760.	Ossian	Scottish Gaelic
native language	Gustaaf Schlegel (30 September 1840 -- 15 October 1903) was a Dutch sinologist and field naturalist.	Gustaaf Schlegel	Dutch
native language	Jan Gonda, (14 April 1905 -- 28 July 1991) was a celebrated Dutch Orientalist and Indologist.	Jan Gonda	Dutch
native language	Caroline Dubois (born 1960) is a French poet who lives and works in Paris.	Caroline Dubois	French
native language	Dieter Salomon (born 9 August 1960 in Melbourne, Australia) is a German politician and mayor of Freiburg im Breisgau.	Dieter Salomon	German
native language	Mhamed Arezki (born 1984) is a French actor best known for his starring and supporting roles on French television series.	Mhamed Arezki	French
native language	Jean de Thévenot (16 June 1633 -- 28 November 1667) was a French traveller in the East, who wrote extensively about his journeys.	Jean de Thévenot	French
occupation	Angelo Falcón (born June 23, 1951) is a political scientist best known for starting the Institute for Puerto Rican Policy (IPR) in New York City in the early 1980s, a nonprofit and nonpartisan policy center that focuses on Latino issues in the United States.	Angelo Falcón	political scientist
occupation	Andrzej Strejlau (born February 19, 1940 in Warszawa) is a retired Polish football (soccer) and handball player, and a football manager.	Andrzej Strejlau	handball player
original network	Front Row Center is an American variety show that aired on the DuMont Television Network Sundays at 7pm ET from March 25, 1949 to April 2, 1950.	Front Row Center	DuMont Television Network
original network	Highway to the Stars was an early American live television soap opera, which was broadcast on New York City station WABD, flagship station of the DuMont Television Network, from August to October 1947, at which point it was replaced with Look Upon a Star, itself eventually replaced with Camera Headlines in January 1948.	Highway to the Stars	DuMont Television Network
original network	He & She is an American sitcom that aired on the CBS television network as part of its 1967--1968 lineup, originally sponsored by General Foods and Lever Brothers.	He & She	CBS
original network	Marion and Geoff is a BBC television mockumentary, produced by Baby Cow Productions and screened on BBC Two in 2000, with a second series following in 2003.	Marion and Geoff	BBC Two
original network	Våg og vinn was a Norwegian television program that aired on TV3 and was hosted by Jarl Goli and Lise Nilsen.	Våg og vinn	TV3
original network	Q & Q was a Dutch television series, broadcast by the Katholieke Radio Omroep (KRO) in 1974.	Q & Q	Katholieke Radio Omroep
original network	The Golden Age Players is a Canadian children's dramatic television series which aired on CBC Television in 1957.	The Golden Age Players	CBC Television
original network	You Again? is an American sitcom that was broadcast by NBC from February 27, 1986 to March 30, 1987 for two seasons.	You Again?	NBC
original network	33⅓ Revolutions per Monkee was a television special starring the Monkees that aired on NBC on April 14, 1969.	33⅓ Revolutions per Monkee	NBC
original network	The Rousters is a 1983 NBC television series about a group of modern-day bounty hunters who are descendants of legendary lawman Wyatt Earp.	The Rousters	NBC
original network	Creepy Canada is a Canadian television series that aired on OLN.	Creepy Canada	OLN
original network	Fashions on Parade is an American fashion-themed television series that aired on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network Fridays at 8pm EST from November 4, 1948 to April 24, 1949, then broadcast on ABC from April 27 to June 29, 1949.	Fashions on Parade	DuMont Television Network
original network	Professor Moffett's Science Workshop is a Canadian children's science television series which aired on CBC Television from 1972 to 1974.	Professor Moffett's Science Workshop	CBC Television
original network	Guerra de mujeres is a telenovela produced by Venevisión in 2001.	Guerra de mujeres	Venevisión
original network	Shannon's Deal is an American legal drama that aired on NBC from April 13, 1990 until May 21, 1991.	Shannon's Deal	NBC
original network	Amor Descarado (barefaced love) is a telenovela produced by RTI Producciones and Spanish-language United States-based television network Telemundo, this is a US Hispanic version of Chilean telenovela Amores de Mercado.	Amor Descarado	Telemundo
original network	My Guardian Abby is a drama series that is broadcast on QTV-11 (now Q-11) starring Starstruck avenger Nadine Samonte as Abby, a pink angel.	My Guardian Abby	Q
original network	The Danny Thomas Hour is an American anthology television series that was broadcast on NBC during the 1967-68 television season.	The Danny Thomas Hour	NBC
original network	The Yang Sisters is a Singaporean sitcom on MediaCorp Channel 5.	The Yang Sisters	MediaCorp Channel 5
original network	Al final del arco iris (English: At the end of the rainbow) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Ernesto Alonso for Canal de las Estrellas in 1982.	Al final del arco iris	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	The Unforgettable ... is British television documentary programme on ITV, which contains an archive biographical look lives of some of Britain's best-remembered talented entertainers and actors.	The Unforgettable	ITV
original network	India's Most Wanted (IMW) was a crime busting fugitive hunter television show initially on Zee TV and later on DD1, India's national broadcaster Doordarshan.	India's Most Wanted	Zee TV
original network	America's Toughest Jobs is a reality television show that lasted one season and aired on the American television network NBC.	America's Toughest Jobs	NBC
original network	Girls' Generation's Romantic Fantasy was a 2013 New Year's Day comeback special broadcast on Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) at 23:15 on 1 January 2013, starring South Korean girl group Girls' Generation.	Girls' Generation's Romantic Fantasy	Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Sounds Like Music was a British game show that aired on ITV from 6 June 1989 to 11 May 1990 and hosted by Bobby Crush.	Sounds Like Music	ITV
original network	Come Dance with Us is a Canadian children's television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1960.	Come Dance with Us	CBC Television
original network	Life of Ryan is an American Reality television series on MTV.	Life of Ryan	MTV
original network	Pob's Programme is a children's television programme which was broadcast in the United Kingdom on Channel 4 between October 1985 and November 1987.	Pob's Programme	Channel 4
original network	Captain Kangaroo is an American children's television series that aired weekday mornings on the American television network CBS for nearly 30 years, from October 3, 1955 until December 8, 1984, making it the longest-running nationally broadcast children's television program of its day.	Captain Kangaroo	CBS
original network	Lead Balloon is a British television series produced by Open Mike Productions for BBC Four.	Lead Balloon	BBC Four
original network	Brooklyn South is an American ensemble police drama series that aired on CBS for only one season during the 1997--98 television season.	Brooklyn South	CBS
original network	The Briefcase is an American reality TV series created by Dave Broome that premiered on CBS on May 27, 2015.	The Briefcase	CBS
original network	Vacation Playhouse was an American comedy and drama which was broadcast during the Summer months on CBS from July 22, 1963--	Vacation Playhouse	CBS
original network	Wicked Wicked Games is a telenovela that debuted on December 6, 2006 on the American television network MyNetworkTV.	Wicked Wicked Games	MyNetworkTV
original network	5, Rue Sésame is a French language children's television series based on the popular U.S. children's show Sesame Street, aired by France 5.	5, Rue Sésame	France 5
original network	When Games Attack is a British television show, that originally aired on Bravo from 2004 to 2005.	When Games Attack	Bravo
original network	20 Dakika (``20 Minutes'') is a Turkish television drama series broadcast on Star TV.	20 Dakika	Star TV
original network	Centennial International is a Canadian music variety television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1967.	Centennial International	CBC Television
original network	Celebrity Eye Candy is a television series on VH1 that first aired on December 15, 2005.	Celebrity Eye Candy	VH1
original network	Finding Bigfoot is a documentary television series on Animal Planet.	Finding Bigfoot	Animal Planet
original network	Frozen Planet was broadcast on BBC One and BBC One HD starting 26 October 2011.	Frozen Planet	BBC One
original network	El País de las mujeres (1998) (meaning ``The Country of Women'') is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venevisión.	El País de las mujeres	Venevisión
original network	Thursday Night Baseball (also known as MLB Network Showcase) is the title of a presentation of Major League Baseball on cable and satellite channel MLB Network (self-produced by MLB Network), that premiered on April 9, 2009.	Thursday Night Baseball	MLB Network
original network	Family Ties is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 22, 1982 until May 14, 1989.	Family Ties	NBC
original network	The Corner is a 2000 HBO drama television miniseries based on the nonfiction book The Corner:	The Corner	HBO
original network	Sete Vidas (International Title: Parts of Me) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo from March 9 to July 10, 2015 replacing Boogie Oogie.	Sete Vidas	Rede Globo
original network	Mister Maker Comes to Town is a spin-off of the children's television Mister Maker commissioned by Michael Carrington at the BBC for CBeebies.	Mister Maker Comes to Town	CBeebies
original network	Salatut elämät (Secret Lives) is a Finnish television series that premiered on MTV3 on 25 January 1999.	Salatut elämät	MTV3
original network	İşler Güçler, is a Turkish comedy series which first aired on 28 June 2012 on Star TV and tells the story of 3 actors, with the motto, Modern Muzip Yalanlar.	İşler Güçler	Star TV
original network	Olho no Olho (English: Eye to Eye) is a Brazilian telenovela created by Antônio Calmon, it was produced and aired by Rede Globo from September 6, 1993 to April 8, 1994.	Olho no Olho	Rede Globo
original network	Dennis Miller Live was a weekly talk show on HBO, hosted by comedian Dennis Miller.	Dennis Miller Live	HBO
original network	Hey, Landlord is an American sitcom that appeared on NBC during the 1966-1967 season, sponsored by Procter & Gamble in the 8:30-9pm Eastern time period on Sunday nights.	Hey, Landlord	NBC
original network	Quiz Show Q (Hangul: 최강연승 퀴즈쇼 Q), also known under the direct translation, Strongest Victor Quiz Show Q, is a South Korean television quiz show broadcast by the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation.	Quiz Show Q	Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation
original network	In Opposition was a Canadian television sitcom, which aired on CBC Television in 1989.	In Opposition	CBC Television
original network	The Dave Thomas Comedy Show (later simply Dave Thomas) was a sketch-based, half-hour, five-week summer replacement series, which aired on CBS in the summer of 1990.	The Dave Thomas Comedy Show	CBS
original network	Celebrity Paranormal Project (sometimes abbreviated as CPP) is a paranormal reality television series that originally aired from October 22, 2006 to November 1, 2007 on VH1.	Celebrity Paranormal Project	VH1
original network	Monster Garage was a television show for the Discovery Channel hosted by Jesse James.	Monster Garage	Discovery Channel
original network	Un Nuevo Día (A New Day), formerly named ¡Levántate! (Get Up!) is a Spanish language morning show which has aired on the Telemundo television network since 2008.	Un Nuevo Día	Telemundo
original network	Talk Soup is a television show produced for cable network E! that debuted on January 7, 1991, and aired until August 2002.	Talk Soup	E
original network	Frances Farmer Presents is an American anthology series that aired on Indianapolis station WFBM-TV (then an NBC affiliate).	Frances Farmer Presents	NBC
original network	Clocking Off is a British television drama series which ran on the BBC One network for four series from 2000 to 2003.	Clocking Off	BBC One
original network	Great Migrations is a seven-episode nature documentary television miniseries that airs on the National Geographic Channel, featuring the great migrations of animals around the globe.	Great Migrations	National Geographic Channel
original network	The Worst Week of My Life is a British television sitcom, first broadcast on BBC One between March and April 2004.	The Worst Week of My Life	BBC One
original network	For-Profit Online University is a television special written and directed by Sam West for Adult Swim.	For-Profit Online University	Adult Swim
original network	Jack and Jeremy's Real Lives was a 1996 comedy show for Channel 4, written by and starring Jack Dee and Jeremy Hardy The series was a collection of mockumentaries similar to their previous collaboration, Jack and Jeremy's Police 4.	Jack and Jeremy's Real Lives	Channel 4
original network	Zee Horror Show is a TV series presented by Ramsay Brothers on Zee TV in the period 1993-1998 .	Zee Horror Show	Zee TV
original network	The original Ocean Girl series ran on Australia's Network Ten between 1994 and 1997.	Ocean Girl	Network Ten
original network	Your Business is a small business oriented program on MSNBC, hosted by JJ Ramberg.	Your Business	MSNBC
original network	Stopwatch and Listen is a Canadian comedy television series which aired on CBC Television in 1952.	Stopwatch and Listen	CBC Television
original network	Pit Bulls & Parolees is an American reality television series on Animal Planet which confronts the misunderstandings of the Pit Bull breed.	Pit Bulls & Parolees	Animal Planet
original network	The Oldtimers was a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television from 1974 to 1975.	The Oldtimers	CBC Television
original network	Ulan Istanbul was a Turkish drama TV series that was aired from June 23, 2014 to March 23, 2015 on the Kanal D network.	Ulan Istanbul	Kanal D
original network	My Sister Sam is an American situation comedy series that aired on CBS from October 1986 to April 1988.	My Sister Sam	CBS
original network	The Really Wild Show was a long-running British television show about wildlife, broadcast by the BBC as part of their CBBC service to children.	The Really Wild Show	BBC	CBBC
original network	George and Leo is an American sitcom starring Bob Newhart and Judd Hirsch which aired on CBS from September 15, 1997 to March 16, 1998.	George and Leo	CBS
original network	La mujer perfecta (The Perfect Woman) is a Venezuelan telenovela created by Leonardo Padrón and produced by Venevisión.	La mujer perfecta	Venevisión
original network	McLeod's Daughters is an Australian television series that began airing on the Nine Network on 8 August 2001.	McLeod's Daughters	Nine Network
original network	On November 10, 2014, Canal de las Estrellas broadcast of La sombra del pasado weeknights at 7:15pm, replacing La malquerida.	La sombra del pasado	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	The Best Sex Ever is an American erotic anthology series featured on Cinemax during their ``After Dark'' schedule.	The Best Sex Ever	Cinemax
original network	Dupla Identidade (literally Double Identity; English title: Merciless) is a Brazilian television series that aired on Rede Globo from September 19 to December 19, 2014.	Dupla Identidade	Rede Globo
original network	Joe and Sons was a television series broadcast on CBS from September 9, 1975 to January 13, 1976.	Joe and Sons	CBS
original network	Navy Divers is a four-episode Australian observational documentary series that debuted on the ABC1 on 28 October 2008.	Navy Divers	ABC1
original network	Mehndi Tere Naam Ki was a Hindi television drama series that aired on Zee TV channel.	Mehndi Tere Naam Ki	Zee TV
original network	Birdz is an animated television series produced by Nelvana, Silver Lining Entertainment and Clover Lock Productions in association with CBS Television, Sony Wonder and TV-Loonland.	Birdz	CBS
original network	Don Messer's Jubilee was a television folk musical variety show produced at station CBHT in Halifax, Nova Scotia and broadcast by CBC Television nationwide from 1957 until 1969.	Don Messer's Jubilee	CBC Television
original network	TV 101 is an American drama series that aired on CBS from 1988 until 1989.	TV 101	CBS
original network	Sooty Heights is a British children's television series that was produced for two series that aired on ITV from 27 September 1999 to 11 December 2000.	Sooty Heights	ITV
original network	Pet Star was a show on Animal Planet hosted by Mario Lopez.	Pet Star	Animal Planet
original network	Australia This Week was a television business news program that aired on Friday and across the weekend on CNBC Asia.	Australia This Week	CNBC Asia
original network	Wild & Crazy Kids is an American television game show in which large teams, usually consisting entirely of children, participated in head-to-head physical challenges on Nickelodeon (as well as YTV in Canada).	Wild & Crazy Kids	Nickelodeon
original network	Exploring Minds is a Canadian educational television series which aired on CBC Television from 1953 to 1956.	Exploring Minds	CBC Television
original network	Jennifer Slept Here is an American fantasy sitcom series that ran for one season on NBC from October 21, 1983 to September 5, 1984.	Jennifer Slept Here	NBC
original network	Era Uma Vez (English: Once Upon a Time) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 1998.	Era Uma Vez	Rede Globo
original network	Goudkust is a Dutch televisies series, which was broadcast by SBS 6.	Goudkust	SBS 6
original network	Made in Chelsea (abbreviated MIC) is a BAFTA award-winning, structured-reality television series broadcast by E4 in the United Kingdom.	Made in Chelsea	E4
original network	Corpo Dourado (English: Golden Body) is a Brazilian soap opera produced by and shown on Rede Globo from 12 January 1998 through 21 August 1998.	Corpo Dourado	Rede Globo
original network	Buniyaad first aired in 1986 on the Indian state television channel DD National, which is owned and operated by Doordarshan network.	Buniyaad	DD National
original network	Popzilla was an animated TV series in production for MTV.	Popzilla	MTV
original network	The Even Stevens Movie is a 2003 American Disney Channel Original Movie that is based on the Disney Channel Original Series Even Stevens.	The Even Stevens Movie	Disney Channel
original network	Ha-Comedy Store (Hebrew: הקומדי סטור, 'The Comedy Store') was an Israeli entertainment program which was broadcast on the Israeli Channel 2 between the years 1994-1996.	Ha-Comedy Store	Channel 2
original network	``The Long Bright Dark'' is the series premiere of the anthology crime drama True Detective, which initially aired on HBO in the United States on January 12, 2014.	The Long Bright Dark	HBO
original network	Concerning Women is a Canadian women's current affairs television series which aired on CBC Television in 1976.	Concerning Women	CBC Television
original network	Parental Control is a heavily scripted ``pseudo-reality'' program produced by MTV.	Parental Control	MTV
original network	Kangaroo Creek Gang was an Australian children's television cartoon series which first screened on the Nine Network in 2002.	Kangaroo Creek Gang	Nine Network
original network	The Mind of the Married Man is a television series that ran on the HBO network for two seasons consisting of twenty episodes between September 2001 and November 2002.	The Mind of the Married Man	HBO
original network	The Charlotte Church Show was a Channel 4 entertainment television show presented by Welsh singer Charlotte Church.	The Charlotte Church Show	Channel 4
original network	NerdTV is a technology TV show from PBS.	NerdTV	PBS
original network	Flick Flack is a Canadian television series broadcast by Global Television Network in 1974.	Flick Flack	Global Television Network
original network	The Takeaway is a morning radio news program co-created and co-produced by Public Radio International (PRI) and WNYC-New York Public Radio with editorial partners The New York Times, and WGBH Radio Boston of the United States.	The Takeaway	WNYC
parent taxon	Phragmatobia is a scratch genus of moths in the Arctiidae family.	Phragmatobia	Arctiidae
parent taxon	Calyptridium monospermum (formerly Cistanthe monosperma) is a perennial plant in the MIner's Lettuce Family (Montiaceae), known by the common name one-seeded pussypaws.	Calyptridium monospermum	Cistanthe
parent taxon	Lythria is a genus of moths in the family Geometridae and only genus of the tribe Lythriini.	Lythria	Geometridae
parent taxon	Tomichia is a genus of very small freshwater snails which have a gill and an operculum, gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Tomichia	Pomatiopsidae
parent taxon	The Rondonia woodcreeper (Lepidocolaptes fuscicapillus) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily.	Rondonia woodcreeper	Lepidocolaptes
parent taxon	Cryptobatrachus is a genus of frogs under family Hemiphractidae.	Cryptobatrachus	Hemiphractidae
parent taxon	The Australian mottled moray (in Australia), and mottled moray (in New Zealand), Gymnothorax prionodon, is a moray eel of the family Muraenidae, found at depths down to 80 m. Their length is between 80 and 150 cm.	Australian mottled moray	Gymnothorax
parent taxon	Phunginus apicalis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Phunginus.	Phunginus	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Adelphailurus is an extinct genus of saber-toothed cats of the family Felidae and tribe Metailurini which inhabited western North America during the Miocene, living from 10.3--5.33 Ma and existing for approximately 4.97 million years.	Adelphailurus	Metailurini
parent taxon	Brazza's martin (Phedina brazzae) is a passerine bird in the swallow family, Hirundinidae.	Brazza's martin	Phedina
parent taxon	Tertremoides is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae from Madagascar.	Tertremoides	Trematosauridae
parent taxon	Tenagodes is a genus of sea snails with irregularly coiled shells, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Siliquariidae, the slit worm snails.	Tenagodes	Siliquariidae
parent taxon	Censky's ameiva or Little Scrub Island ground lizard (Ameiva corax) is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva.	Censky's ameiva	Ameiva
parent taxon	Jay's river snail also known as the rugose rocksnail, scientific name Lithasia jayana, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae, the hornsnails.	Jay's river snail	Lithasia
parent taxon	The Peruvian eagle ray (Myliobatis peruvianus) is a species of fish in the Myliobatidae family.	Peruvian eagle ray	Myliobatis
parent taxon	The North American river otter (Lontra canadensis), also known as the northern river otter or the common otter, is a semiaquatic mammal endemic to the North American continent found in and along its waterways and coasts.	North American river otter	Lontra
parent taxon	The Uddenitinae a subfamily of the Medlicottiidae, a family of ammonoid cephalopods included in the Prolecanitida.	Uddenitinae	Medlicottiidae
parent taxon	It was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Dalbergia clade of the Dalbergieae.	Dalbergia	Dalbergieae
parent taxon	Centaurium (Centaury) is a genus of 20 species in the gentian family (Gentianaceae), tribe Chironieae, subtribe Chironiinae.	Centaurium	Gentianaceae
parent taxon	Latzelia is an extinct genus of scutigeromorph centipedes, and the type and only genus of the family Latzeliidae.	Latzelia	Latzeliidae
parent taxon	Roscoea is a genus of perennial plants of the family Zingiberaceae (the ginger family).	Roscoea	Zingiberaceae
parent taxon	The Brazilian ruby (Clytolaema rubricauda) is a species of hummingbird found in forest edge, second growth, gardens and parks in eastern Brazil.	Brazilian ruby	Clytolaema
parent taxon	The Micronesian myzomela (Myzomela rubratra) is a species of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae.	Micronesian myzomela	Myzomela
parent taxon	Beetles are members of the superorder Endopterygota, and accordingly most of them undergo complete metamorphosis.	Beetle	Endopterygota
parent taxon	Stenella is a genus of aquatic mammals in Delphinidae, the family informally known as the oceanic dolphins.	Stenella	Delphinidae
parent taxon	In the 1981 version of the influential Cronquist system, order Violales was placed in subclass Dilleniidae with a circumscription consisting of the families listed below.	Violales	Dilleniidae
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan slider (Trachemys decorata) or Haitian slider is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family.	Hispaniolan slider	Trachemys
parent taxon	Pliauchenia is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America during the Pliocene.	Pliauchenia	Camelidae
parent taxon	Rhytidognathus is a genus of beetle in the family Carabidae with two described species.	Rhytidognathus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Astroloba is a genus of flowering plants in the subfamily Asphodeloideae, native to the Cape Province of South Africa.	Astroloba	Asphodeloideae
parent taxon	Pastinachus is a genus of stingrays in the family Dasyatidae.	Pastinachus	Dasyatidae
parent taxon	The Chinese pygmy dormouse (Typhlomys cinereus) is a species of rodent of the family Platacanthomyidae found in China and Vietnam.	Chinese pygmy dormouse	Typhlomys
parent taxon	Ellobiidae is the only family in the superfamily Ellobioidea, according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Ellobiidae	Ellobioidea
parent taxon	Bishop's slender opossum (Marmosops bishopi) is a small, arboreal marsupial opossum native to Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia.	Bishop's slender opossum	Marmosops
parent taxon	Plaisiodon is an extinct genus of Zygomaturinae from the late Miocene Alcoota Fossil Beds in the Northern Territory, Australia.	Plaisiodon	Zygomaturinae
parent taxon	Danilia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs of the family Chilodontidae.	Danilia	Chilodontidae
parent taxon	Anderson's squirrel (Callosciurus quinquestriatus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Anderson's squirrel	Callosciurus
parent taxon	Cynomya (Ancient Greek: κυνόμυια kunomuia ``dog-fly'') is a genus in the family Calliphoridae of flies.	Cynomya	Calliphoridae
parent taxon	Together with Spinacia, the genus Blitum was grouped into tribe Anserineae (Syn. Spinacieae).	Blitum	Anserineae
parent taxon	Enneapterygius nanus, known commonly as the Pygmy triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Pygmy triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	The Magenta petrel or Chatham Island taiko (Pterodroma magentae) is a small seabird in the gadfly petrel genus, Pterodroma.	Magenta petrel	gadfly petrel
parent taxon	The Sulawesi dwarf kingfisher (Ceyx fallax) is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae that is endemic to Sulawesi island, Indonesia.	Sulawesi dwarf kingfisher	Ceyx
parent taxon	The Grand Comoro bulbul (Hypsipetes parvirostris) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Grand Comoro bulbul	Hypsipetes
parent taxon	Noorda is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family, and the only genus in the Noordinae subfamily.	Noorda	Crambidae
parent taxon	The November moth (Epirrita dilutata) is a moth of the family Geometridae.	November moth	Epirrita
parent taxon	The Clostridia are a highly polyphyletic class of Firmicutes, including Clostridium and other similar genera.	Clostridia	Firmicutes
parent taxon	Oryzoideae (syn. Ehrhartoideae) is a subfamily of the true grass family Poaceae.	Oryzoideae	Poaceae
parent taxon	Delacour's marmoset rat (Hapalomys delacouri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Delacour's marmoset rat	Hapalomys
parent taxon	The Far Eastern smooth flounder, Liopsetta pinnifasciata, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Far Eastern smooth flounder	Liopsetta
parent taxon	Taurotragus is a genus of large African antelopes, placed under the subfamily Bovinae and family Bovidae.	Taurotragus	Bovinae
parent taxon	The Luzon forest rat or Luzon hairy-tailed rat (Batomys granti) is one of five species of rodent in the genus Batomys.	Luzon hairy-tailed rat	Batomys
parent taxon	Aglaodiaptomus is a genus of copepods in the family Diaptomidae.	Aglaodiaptomus	Diaptomidae
parent taxon	In Genera Orchidacearum volume 2, Pachites and Satyrium constitute the subtribe Satyriinae of the tribe Diseae.	Pachites	Satyriinae
parent taxon	Murchisonelloidea is an unassigned superfamily of mostly very small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks and micromollusks within the clade Heterobranchia.	Murchisonelloidea	Heterobranchia
parent taxon	Sparganophilus, the only genus in the family Sparganophilidae, is a group of long, slender, limicolous (mud-dwelling) earthworms native to North America.	Sparganophilus	Sparganophilidae
parent taxon	Pontomyia Edwards, 1926 is an insect genus belonging to the subfamily Chironominae in the Chironomidae family.	Pontomyia	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Genus Parabelminus Lent, 1943 belongs to the subfamily Triatominae.	Parabelminus	Triatominae
parent taxon	HIV is a member of the genus Lentivirus, part of the family Retroviridae.	HIV	Lentivirus
parent taxon	The Indian pitta (Pitta brachyura) is a passerine bird native to the Indian subcontinent.	Indian pitta	Pitta
parent taxon	Opahs (also commonly known as moonfish, sunfish (not to be confused with Molidae), kingfish, redfin ocean pan, and Jerusalem haddock) are large, colorful, deep-bodied pelagic lampriform fishes comprising the small family Lampridae (also spelled Lamprididae).	Opah	Lampridae
parent taxon	Zieria is a genus of plants in the Rutaceae family, all of which are native to Australia except for one species which is found in New Caledonia.	Zieria	Rutaceae
parent taxon	Bathyraja is a large genus of skates in the family Rajidae.	Bathyraja	Rajidae
parent taxon	Helcion is a genus of sea snails, true limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Patellidae.	Helcion	Patellidae
parent taxon	Pseudohomalenotus bicornutus is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Pseudohomalenotus	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Measles virus (MeV) is a single-stranded, negative-sense, enveloped (non-segmented) RNA virus of the genus Morbillivirus within the family Paramyxoviridae.	Measles virus	Morbillivirus
parent taxon	Pachyneuria is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae found from Mexico to South America.	Pachyneuria	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Ailuroedus is a genus of birds in the Ptilonorhynchidae family (bowerbirds).	Ailuroedus	Ptilonorhynchidae
parent taxon	Eurymyrmex is an extinct genus of ant in the Formicidae subfamily Dolichoderinae.	Eurymyrmex	Dolichoderinae
parent taxon	Oxytenis is a genus of moth in the family Saturniidae and subfamily Oxyteninae.	Oxytenis	Saturniidae
parent taxon	Eurillas is a genus of greenbuls, songbirds in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae).	Eurillas	Pycnonotidae
parent taxon	Serratia is a genus of Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria of the Enterobacteriaceae family.	Serratia	Enterobacteriaceae
parent taxon	Dioscoreophyllum is a genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Menispermaceae, native to Africa.	Dioscoreophyllum	Menispermaceae
parent taxon	Psoinae is a small subfamily of beetles in the family Bostrichidae.	Psoinae	Bostrichidae
parent taxon	Carpinus japonica (Japanese hornbeam) is a hornbeam endemic to Japan but cultivated elsewhere as an ornamental.	Carpinus japonica	hornbeam
parent taxon	The Sulawesi streaked flycatcher (Muscicapa sodhii) is a small passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family.	Sulawesi streaked flycatcher	Muscicapa
parent taxon	Micropanope is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae, containing one exclusively fossil species and the following species:	Micropanope	Xanthidae
parent taxon	The Eurasian dotterel (Charadrius morinellus), or in Europe just dotterel, is a small wader in the plover family of birds.	Eurasian dotterel	Charadrius
parent taxon	The Salvin's anetia (Anetia cubana) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Salvin's anetia	Anetia
parent taxon	Calantica is a genus of barnacles in the family Calanticidae, containing the following species:	Calantica	Calanticidae
parent taxon	Erythrotrichiaceae is a red algae family in the order Erythropeltidales.	Erythrotrichiaceae	Erythropeltidales
parent taxon	Godman's tree frog (Tlalocohyla godmani) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae endemic to Mexico.	Godman's tree frog	Tlalocohyla
parent taxon	Baecacanthus is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, which contains Baecacanthus telamon and Baecacanthus trifasciatus.	Baecacanthus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Klunzinger's wrasse, Thalassoma rueppellii, is a species of wrasse endemic to the Red Sea.	Klunzinger's wrasse	Thalassoma
parent taxon	Acer nigrum (Black maple) is a species of maple closely related to A. saccharum (sugar maple), and treated as a subspecies of it by some authors, as Acer saccharum subsp.	Acer nigrum	sugar maple
parent taxon	The Paederinae are a subfamily of the Staphylinidae, rove beetles.	Paederinae	Staphylinidae
parent taxon	Uncinula necator (syn. Erysiphe necator) is a fungus that causes powdery mildew of grape.	Uncinula necator	Erysiphe
parent taxon	Ennominae is the largest subfamily of the geometer moth family (Geometridae) with some 9,700 described species in 1,100 genera.	Ennominae	Geometridae
parent taxon	Enoplometopus antillensis (commonly dwarf reef lobster, Atlantic reef lobster or flaming reef lobster) is a species of reef lobster endemic to the Atlantic Ocean.	Enoplometopus antillensis	reef lobster
parent taxon	Monophyllites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the family Ussuritidae that lived during the Triassic period, from Anisian to Ladinian age.	Monophyllites	Ussuritidae
parent taxon	Hippa is a genus of decapod crustaceans in the family Hippidae, containing the following species:	Hippa	Hippidae
parent taxon	Leleupanillus uluguruanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Leleupanillus.	Leleupanillus	Carabidae
parent taxon	This genus alone makes up the monogeneric Trichocentrum alliance, a quite distinct lineage of the subtribe Oncidiinae.	Trichocentrum	Oncidiinae
parent taxon	Migmocera flavicauda is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Migmocera.	Migmocera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Eoporis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species: subgenus Eoporimimus Eoporis bifasciana Schwarzer, 1925 Eoporis differens Pic, 1926 Eoporis mitonoi (Seki, 1946) Eoporis pedongensis Breuning, 1969 subgenus Eoporis Eoporis elegans Pascoe, 1864	Eoporis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Salinas monjita (Xolmis salinarum) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Salinas monjita	Xolmis
parent taxon	The Shinto shrew (Sorex shinto) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Shinto shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	The Philippine dawn bat, (Eonycteris robusta), is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae found in the Philippines.	Philippine dawn bat	Eonycteris
parent taxon	Philby's partridge or Philby's rock partridge (Alectoris philbyi), is a relative of the chukar, red-legged partridge and barbary partridges and is native to southwestern Arabia and northern Yemen.	Philby's partridge	Alectoris
parent taxon	The Patagonian weasel (Lyncodon patagonicus) is a small mustelid that is the only member of the genus Lyncodon.	Patagonian weasel	Lyncodon
parent taxon	The Japanese pugnose grenadier (Nezumia condylura) is a species of rattail fish.	Japanese pugnose grenadier	Nezumia
parent taxon	Huodendron is a genus of four species of flowering plants in the family Styracaceae, native to eastern Asia, from southern China south to Thailand and Vietnam.	Huodendron	Styracaceae
parent taxon	The Jaeger's anetia (Anetia jaegeri) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Jaeger's anetia	Anetia
parent taxon	The Junin slender opossum (Marmosops juninensis) is a species of South American opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Junin slender opossum	Marmosops
parent taxon	Bovine ephemeral fever (BEF) also known as Three Day Sickness is an arthropod vector-borne disease of cattle and is caused by the Ephemerovirus virus of the Rhabdoviridae family of virus.	Bovine ephemeral fever	Ephemerovirus
parent taxon	Brunneria is a genus of praying mantises in Family Mantidae.	Brunneria	Mantidae
parent taxon	The Cundinamarca antpitta (Grallaria kaestneri) is a species of bird in the Grallariidae family.	Cundinamarca antpitta	Grallaria
parent taxon	Cochlicopidae is a taxonomic family of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Cochlicopidae	Cochlicopoidea
parent taxon	Swinhoe's snipe, Gallinago megala, also known as forest snipe or Chinese snipe, is a medium-sized (length 27--29 cm, wingspan 38--44 cm, weight 120 gm), long-billed, migratory wader.	Swinhoe's snipe	Gallinago
parent taxon	The Tanzanian woolly bat (Kerivoula africana) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Tanzanian woolly bat	Kerivoula
parent taxon	Protogenia escheri is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Protogenia.	Protogenia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Chin Hills wren-babbler (Spelaeornis oatesi) is a bird species in the family Timaliidae.	Chin Hills wren-babbler	Spelaeornis
parent taxon	Poirieria is a genus of large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Muricidae, the rock snails.	Poirieria	Muricidae
parent taxon	The Indian rhinoceros (Rhinoceros unicornis), also called the greater one-horned rhinoceros and great Indian rhinoceros, is a rhinoceros native to the Indian subcontinent.	Indian rhinoceros	Rhinoceros
parent taxon	Temecla is a genus of Neotropical hairstreak butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.	Temecla	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Orchideae is a tribe of orchid in the subfamily Orchidoideae.	Orchideae	Orchidoideae
parent taxon	The species Taï Forest ebolavirus is a virological taxon included in the genus Ebolavirus, family Filoviridae, order Mononegavirales.	Taï Forest ebolavirus	Ebolavirus
parent taxon	Trepostomata (the trepostomates) is an extinct bryozoan order in the class Stenolaemata.	Trepostomata	Stenolaemata
parent taxon	Lates macrophthalmus, the Albert lates, is a species of lates perch endemic to Lake Albert in Africa.	Albert lates	Lates
parent taxon	Tylopoda (meaning ``swollen foot'') is a suborder of terrestrial herbivorous even-toed ungulates belonging to the order Artiodactyla.	Tylopoda	Artiodactyla
parent taxon	Pink ivory (Berchemia zeyheri), also called purple ivory, red ivory, umnini or umgoloty, is an African hardwood used to make a variety of products (for example: billiard cues and knife handles).	Pink ivory	Berchemia
parent taxon	The Bismarck masked flying fox (Pteropus capistratus) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae found in Papua New Guinea and named after the Bismarck Archipelago.	Bismarck masked flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	The Apinae are the subfamily that includes the majority of bees in the family Apidae.	Apinae	Apidae
parent taxon	The Antipodes parakeet or Antipodes Island parakeet (Cyanoramphus unicolor) is endemic to the Antipodes Islands of New Zealand, one of two parrot species found on the islands, and one of only five ground-dwelling parrots in the world.	Antipodes parakeet	Cyanoramphus
parent taxon	Phyllospadix, surfgrass, is a genus of seagrass, a flowering plant in the family Zosteraceae, described as a genus in 1840.	Phyllospadix	Zosteraceae
parent taxon	Psittacanthus, also parrott-flower, is a plant genus in the family Loranthaceae.	Psittacanthus	Loranthaceae
parent taxon	The name Bothriechis is derived from the Greek words bothros and echis that mean ``pit'' and ``viper'' respectively.	Bothriechis	pit'' and ``viper
parent taxon	Vermilacinia, a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Ramalinaceae, is a yellow-green fruticose type of lichen with about 30 species that grow on rocks, trees, and soil within the fog zone along the Pacific Coast of North America and South America.	Vermilacinia	Ramalinaceae
parent taxon	Dactylella is a genus comprising 72 species of mitosporic fungi in the family Orbiliaceae.	Dactylella	Orbiliaceae
parent taxon	Chontalia cyanicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Chontalia.	Chontalia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Plaumannium denticolle is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Plaumannium.	Plaumannium	Carabidae
parent taxon	Merrilliopanax is a genus of flowering plant of family Araliaceae, comprising 3 species of the sub-genus Airampora.	Merrilliopanax	Araliaceae
parent taxon	Myrsinaceae, or the myrsine family, was formerly recognized as a rather large family from the order Ericales, consisting of 35 genera and about 1000 species.	Myrsinaceae	Ericales
parent taxon	The Madagascan hoopoe (Upupa epops marginata) is a subspecies of hoopoe in the Upupidae family.	Madagascan hoopoe	Upupa epops
parent taxon	Ctenophryne aequatorialis (common name: Cuenca Nelson frog, reflecting its earlier placement in Nelsonophryne) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Ctenophryne aequatorialis	Nelsonophryne
parent taxon	The subfamily Xylocopinae (family Apidae) occurs worldwide, and includes the large carpenter bees (tribe Xylocopini), the small carpenter bees (tribe Ceratinini), the allodapine bees (tribe Allodapini), and the relictual genus Manuelia (tribe Manueliini).	Xylocopinae	Apidae
parent taxon	The Eldorado broad-nosed bat (Platyrrhinus aurarius) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Eldorado broad-nosed bat	Platyrrhinus
parent taxon	Leptinaria is a genus of small tropical air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.	Leptinaria	Subulinidae
parent taxon	Erlandiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the single genus Erlandia and the following species:	Erlandiini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	The Corsican brook salamander or Corsican mountain newt (Euproctus montanus) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family.	Corsican brook salamander	Euproctus
parent taxon	Ammonicera is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the family Omalogyridae.	Ammonicera	Omalogyridae
parent taxon	Incilius is genus of toads in the true toad family, Bufonidae.	Incilius	Bufonidae
parent taxon	Melithaea is a genus of octocorals in the family Melithaeidae.	Melithaea	Melithaeidae
parent taxon	Both Tylosaurus and Hainosaurus are grouped together into the subfamily Tylosaurinae and are referred to informally as ``tylosaurines'' or ``tylosaurs.''	Tylosaurus	Tylosaurinae
parent taxon	Corypheae is a tribe of palm trees in the subfamily Coryphoideae.	Corypheae	Coryphoideae
parent taxon	Encyrtinae is a subfamily of parasitic wasps in the family Encyrtidae.	Encyrtinae	Encyrtidae
parent taxon	Currently, the venom of a different species of pit viper, Agkistrodon rhodostoma, is used to isolate a thrombin-like enzyme called ancrod.	Agkistrodon	pit viper
parent taxon	Rivetina is a genus of praying mantises in the family Mantidae, of the order Mantodea.	Rivetina	Mantidae
parent taxon	Allomycterus pilatus also known as the Deepwater burrfish is a porcupinefish of the family Diodontidae, found in the eastern Indian Ocean, and southern Australia and New Zealand.	Deepwater burrfish	Allomycterus
parent taxon	The Sulawesi white-handed shrew or Temboan shrew (Crocidura rhoditis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Sulawesi white-handed shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The members of the Uroteuthis genus are the only squids of the Loliginidae family that possess photophores (light-emitting organs) and all species in the genus have a pair of photophore organs on the ventral surface of their ink sac either side of their intestine.	Uroteuthis	Loliginidae
parent taxon	Dollman's tree mouse (Prionomys batesi) is a poorly understood climbing mouse from Central Africa.	Dollman's tree mouse	Prionomys
parent taxon	The Humaita antbird (Schistocichla humaythae) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Humaita antbird	Schistocichla
parent taxon	The Tanimbar starling (Aplonis crassa) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Tanimbar starling	Aplonis
parent taxon	Paniestichus subsolianus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Paniestichus.	Paniestichus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pseudoparalegoceratidae is one of six families of the Somoholitaceae superfamilia.	Pseudoparalegoceratidae	Somoholitaceae
parent taxon	The New Mexico hotspring snail, scientific name Pyrgulopsis thermalis, is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae.	New Mexico hotspring snail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	The Goliath birdeater (Theraphosa blondi) is a spider belonging to the tarantula family Theraphosidae.	Goliath birdeater	Theraphosa
parent taxon	Deiphon is a distinctive genus of Silurian phacopid trilobites of the family Cheiruridae found in Western and Central Europe, and in Central and Eastern United States.	Deiphon	Cheiruridae
parent taxon	The New Zealand urchin clingfish (Dellichthys morelandi) is a clingfish, the only species in the genus Diplocrepis.	New Zealand urchin clingfish	Dellichthys
parent taxon	Argopecten is a genus of saltwater clams, or scallops, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae.	Argopecten	Pectinidae
parent taxon	Acrocanthosaurus is classified in the superfamily Allosauroidea within the infraorder Tetanurae.	Acrocanthosaurus	Allosauroidea
parent taxon	The Bismarck whistler (Pachycephala citreogaster) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family, which is endemic to the Bismarck and Louisiade Archipelagos in Papua New Guinea.	Bismarck whistler	Pachycephala
parent taxon	Rhynchaeites is an extinct genus of Threskiornithidae related to modern ibises and has a single named species Rhynchaeites meselensis.	Rhynchaeites	Threskiornithidae
parent taxon	In their 1997 book Classification of Mammals, Malcolm C. McKenna and Susan K. Bell ranked Simplicidentata as a mirorder within the grandorder Anagalida (also including lagomorphs, macroscelideans, and some additional extinct groups).	Simplicidentata	Anagalida
parent taxon	Nyctibatrachus anamallaiensis (Anamallai night frog) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family that is endemic to the southern Western Ghats, India.	Anamallai night frog	Nyctibatrachus
parent taxon	The Chiribiquete emerald (Chlorostilbon olivaresi) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Chiribiquete emerald	Chlorostilbon
parent taxon	Bonaparte's nightjar (Caprimulgus concretus), also known as the Sunda nightjar, is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Bonaparte's nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	Sphyradium is a genus of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Orculidae within the superfamily Pupilloidea.	Sphyradium	Orculidae
parent taxon	Anasis howitti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Anasis.	Anasis	Carabidae
parent taxon	Matanui profundum, known commonly as the Deepwater triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Matanui.	Deepwater triplefin	Matanui
parent taxon	Straneoites morogoro is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Straneoites.	Straneoites	Carabidae
parent taxon	Ramphocelus is a Neotropical genus of birds of the tanager family.	Ramphocelus	tanager
parent taxon	The genus Echinococcus includes six parasite species of cyclophyllid tapeworms to date, of the family Taeniidae.	Echinococcus	Taeniidae
parent taxon	Rubroboletus rhodoxanthus is a fungus of the genus Rubroboletus, known for many years as Boletus rhodoxanthus until 2014.	Rubroboletus rhodoxanthus	Boletus
parent taxon	Findley's myotis (Myotis findleyi) is a species of vesper bat.	Findley's myotis	Myotis
parent taxon	The Lake Rukwa tilapia, Oreochromis rukwaensis, is a species of cichlid endemic to the Lake Rukwa catchment in Tanzania.	Lake Rukwa tilapia	Oreochromis
parent taxon	Günther's pipehorse (Solegnathus lettiensis) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family.	Günther's pipehorse	Solegnathus
parent taxon	Evernia is a genus of bushy lichens in the family Parmeliaceae.	Evernia	Parmeliaceae
parent taxon	Banahaw tree mouse (Musseromys gulantang) is a species of rodent in the family of Muridae.	Banahaw tree mouse	Musseromys
parent taxon	Pycnogonum is a genus of sea spiders in the family Pycnogonidae.	Pycnogonum	Pycnogonidae
parent taxon	Pomacea is a genus of freshwater snails with gills and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Pomacea	Ampullariidae
parent taxon	The Ohlone tiger beetle, Cicindela ohlone, is endemic to California.	Ohlone tiger beetle	Cicindela
parent taxon	Limnotrochus thomsoni is a species of tropical freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Limnotrochus thomsoni	Paludomidae
parent taxon	The Lucina's shrew (Crocidura lucina) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Lucina's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Wagner's mustached bat (Pteronotus personatus) is a bat species from South and Central America.	Wagner's mustached bat	Pteronotus
parent taxon	Ornithopus, the bird's-foots, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae.	Ornithopus	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Principiala is an extinct genus of lacewing in the moth lacewings family Ithonidae.	Principiala	Ithonidae
parent taxon	The Krüper's nuthatch (Sitta krueperi) is a small nuthatch.	Krüper's nuthatch	Sitta
parent taxon	Pachykellya is a genus of very small saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Neoleptonidae.	Pachykellya	Neoleptonidae
parent taxon	Podocytisus caramanicus is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Podocytisus	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Mimonneticus guianae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Mimonneticus.	Mimonneticus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Melanopsammella is genus of fungi within the Chaetosphaeriaceae family.	Melanopsammella	Chaetosphaeriaceae
parent taxon	The São Tomé shorttail (Amaurocichla bocagei), also known as Bocage's longbill, is a species of passerine bird in the superfamily Passeroidea.	São Tomé shorttail	Amaurocichla
parent taxon	The Chinese bamboo rat (Rhizomys sinensis) is a species of rodent in the family Spalacidae found in southern China, southern Myanmar, and northern Vietnam.	Chinese bamboo rat	Rhizomys
parent taxon	Cowbirds are birds belonging to the genus Molothrus in the family Icteridae.	Cowbird	Icteridae
parent taxon	The Loveridge's sunbird (Cinnyris loveridgei) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Loveridge's sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	Gonidea angulata, Rocky Mountain Ridged mussel or Western Ridged Mussel, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Gonidea angulata	Unionidae
parent taxon	Callichirus Stimpson, 1866 is a genus of Crustacea belonging to the family Callianassidae.	Callichirus	Callianassidae
parent taxon	Pseudambassis roberti is a species of fish in the family Ambassidae, the Asiatic glassfishes.	Pseudambassis roberti	Ambassidae
parent taxon	The Andaman nightjar (Caprimulgus andamanicus) is a species of nightjar found in the Andaman Islands.	Andaman nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	Eogyrinus attheyi (from Greek eos, meaning ``dawn'', and gyrinos, meaning ``tadpole'') was one of the largest Carboniferous tetrapods, and perhaps one of the largest of its family, Eogyrinidae, at 4.6 metres (15 ft) in length.	Eogyrinus	Eogyrinidae
parent taxon	The Takitimu gecko, Mokopirirakau cryptozoicus, is a species of gecko in the family Gekkonidae found in the Southland region of New Zealand.	Takitimu gecko	Mokopirirakau
parent taxon	Trichamblytelus ovalipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Trichamblytelus.	Trichamblytelus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Baiomyini is a tribe of rodents in the subfamily Neotominae occurring from the southern United States to Panama.	Baiomyini	Neotominae
parent taxon	Franklandia is a genus of small shrubs in family Proteaceae, commonly known as lanolin bushes.	Franklandia	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Eubranchus is a genus of aeolid nudibranch in the family Eubranchidae.	Eubranchus	Eubranchidae
parent taxon	The genus Cytinus was previously included in the parasitic family Rafflesiaceae, but is now put into the family Cytinaceae (order Malvales), together with the genus Bdallophytum with four species.	Cytinus	Cytinaceae
parent taxon	The Guinea turaco (Tauraco persa), also known as the green turaco, is a species of turaco, a group of near-passerines birds.	Guinea turaco	Tauraco
parent taxon	Leleupaussus tetramerus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Leleupaussus.	Leleupaussus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Columbitrechus subsulcatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Columbitrechus.	Columbitrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Collospermum is a genus of plants in the Asteliaceae, first described as a genus in 1934.	Collospermum	Asteliaceae
parent taxon	Mylagaulus is an extinct genus of rodents in the family Mylagaulidae containing these species:	Mylagaulus	Mylagaulidae
parent taxon	The Nelson green gecko or starry tree gecko, Naultinus stellatus, is a species of the family Gekkonidae (gecko).	Nelson green gecko	Naultinus
parent taxon	Like the well known Dimetrodon, Secodontosaurus is a carnivorous member of the Eupelycosauria family Sphenacodontidae and has a similar tall dorsal sail.	Secodontosaurus	Sphenacodontidae
parent taxon	The Drakensberg rockjumper or orange-breasted rockjumper (Chaetops aurantius) is a medium-sized insectivorous passerine bird endemic to the alpine grasslands and rock outcrops of the Drakensberg Mountains of southeastern South Africa.	Drakensberg rockjumper	Chaetops
parent taxon	The Luzon fanged frog (Limnonectes macrocephalus) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Luzon fanged frog	Limnonectes
parent taxon	The inclusion of the Sinoceratidae in some classifications in the Lituitida instead of the Orthocerida is based in part on the idea that the Lituitidae are included in the Orthocerida rather than as originally perceived in the Tarphycerida.	Sinoceratidae	Orthocerida
parent taxon	Buettikofer's epauletted fruit bat (Epomops buettikoferi) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Buettikofer's epauletted fruit bat	Epomops
parent taxon	Nelusetta ayraud also known as the Chinaman-leatherjacket is a filefish of the family Monacanthidae, found around Australia to depths of about 360 metres (1,180 ft).	Chinaman-leatherjacket	Nelusetta
parent taxon	The Mexican golden trout (Oncorhynchus chrysogaster) is a species of fish in the Salmonidae family.	Mexican golden trout	Oncorhynchus
parent taxon	Criopsis curtus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Criopsis.	Criopsis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Gracupica is a genus of Asian birds in the family Sturnidae.	Gracupica	Sturnidae
parent taxon	Kionoceratidae is a family in the Orthocerida, proposed by Hyatt in 1900 for genera characterized by prominent ornamentation in the form of longitudinal ribs, ridges, or lirae, or combinations thereof, sometimes with similar transverse ornament or faint transverse annulations.	Kionoceratidae	Orthocerida
parent taxon	An extensive DNA study showed three discrete clades, or genetic groups, consisting of the black morels (Morchella elata and others), the yellow morels (Morchella esculenta and others), and the white morels (Morchella rufobrunnea and Morchella anatolica).	Morchella elata	Morchella anatolica
parent taxon	Teratosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Teratosphaeriaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, it was placed in the Phaeosphaeriaceae, but the placement within this family was uncertain.	Teratosphaeria	Phaeosphaeriaceae
parent taxon	Polymesoda is a genus of clams in the family Corbiculidae, or alternately, the Cyrenidae.	Polymesoda	Corbiculidae
parent taxon	Enneapterygius mirabilis, known commonly as the Miracle triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Miracle triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	The Caspian plover (Charadrius asiaticus) is a wader in the plover family of birds.	Caspian plover	Charadrius
parent taxon	Pseudocyon was assigned to Amphicyoninae by Hunt in 1988 and to Amphicyonidae by Lartet (1851), Carroll (1988) and Pickford et al.	Pseudocyon	Amphicyoninae
parent taxon	Acanthacris aithioptera Acanthacris deckeni Acanthacris elgonensis Acanthacris ruficornis Genus Acanthacris belongs to subfamily Cyrtacanthacridinae (W.F. Kirby, 1902), which belongs to the same order (Orthoptera) as crickets (Gryllidae), locusts (Acrididae), katydids (Tettigoniidae), and other grasshoppers.	Acanthacris	Acrididae
parent taxon	Bactroceras is a genus of the family Baltoceratidae, orthoceroid cephalopods that lived during the early Middle Ordovician, from about 472--464 mya, existing for approximately 8 million years.	Bactroceras	Baltoceratidae
parent taxon	The Mackenzie River wolf (Canis lupus mackenzii) is a subspecies of the gray wolf, Canis lupus, and is found in the Canadian Northwest Territories.	Mackenzie River wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	Arkelloceras is an early Middle Jurassic (Bajocian stage) Stephanoceratacean (Ammonitina) genus from arctic Canada, Alaska, and Siberia belonging to the family Otoitidae (Imlay 1984, Westermann 1965) Arkelloceras seems to be a direct descendant of Abbasites and is thought to have given rise to Ermoceras and possibly to Thamboceras.	Arkelloceras	Otoitidae
parent taxon	Galeodea is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae.	Galeodea	Cassidae
parent taxon	Acanthocleithron chapini is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Acanthocleithron of the family Mochokidae.	Acanthocleithron chapini	Mochokidae
parent taxon	Frigidispora is a fungal genus in the Ascomycota division.	Frigidispora	Ascomycota
parent taxon	The Emei music frog (Babina daunchina) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Emei music frog	Babina
parent taxon	Natalina is a genus of medium-sized predatory air-breathing land snails, carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Rhytididae.	Natalina	Rhytididae
parent taxon	Pleurococcus is a genus of green algae, in the family Chaetophoraceae, purported to be the most abundant organism on the planet at ten trillion trillion.	Pleurococcus	Chaetophoraceae
parent taxon	Gelsemium is an Asian and North American genus of flowering plants belonging to family Gelsemiaceae.	Gelsemium	Gelsemiaceae
parent taxon	Borophagus (``gluttonous eater'') is an extinct genus of the subfamily Borophaginae, a group of canids endemic to North America from the Late Miocene epoch through the late Pliocene epoch 12--2 Mya.	Borophagus	Borophaginae
parent taxon	Conidae (also previously referred to as Coninae), with the current common name of ``cone snails'', is a taxonomic family (previously subfamily) of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Conoidea.	Conidae	Conoidea
parent taxon	The Valle tree frog, Hypsiboas rubracylus, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and possibly Ecuador.	Valle tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	The Sacramento beetle (Anthicus sacramento) is a species of ant-like flower beetle that is endemic to California in the United States.	Sacramento beetle	Anthicus
parent taxon	The Pacific ocean perch (Sebastes alutus), also known as the Pacific rockfish, Rose fish, Red bream or Red perch has a wide distribution in the North Pacific from southern California around the Pacific rim to northern Honshū, Japan, including the Bering Sea.	Pacific ocean perch	Sebastes
parent taxon	The Felder's tiger (Parantica phyle) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Felder's tiger	Parantica
parent taxon	Hinde's babbler (Turdoides hindei), also known as Hinde's pied-babbler, is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.	Hinde's babbler	Turdoides
parent taxon	Horvath's rock lizard (Iberolacerta horvathi ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Horvath's rock lizard	Iberolacerta
parent taxon	The genus Sericulus of the family Ptilonorhynchidae consists of three spectacularly colored bowerbirds.	Sericulus	Ptilonorhynchidae
parent taxon	Eriopidion is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described as a genus in 1976.	Eriopidion	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Canarium is a genus of about 100 species of tropical and subtropical trees, in the family Burseraceae.	Canarium	Burseraceae
parent taxon	Misonne's soft-furred mouse or Misonne's praomys (Praomys misonnei) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Misonne's soft-furred mouse	Praomys
parent taxon	The Corsican hare (Lepus corsicanus), also known as the Apennine hare or Italian hare, is a species of hare found in southern and central Italy and Corsica.	Corsican hare	Lepus
parent taxon	Traditionally, the Myodocopa and Podocopa have been classified as subclasses within the class Ostracoda, although there is some question about how closely related the two groups actually are.	Myodocopa	Ostracoda
parent taxon	Goniodelphis hudsoni is an extinct genus of Iniidae (river dolphin) known from the waters of Florida during the Miocene ~14.9--11.5 through 9.1--8.7 Ma (AEO).	Goniodelphis	Iniidae
parent taxon	The Guerreran stream frog, Ptychohyla erythromma, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.	Guerreran stream frog	Ptychohyla
parent taxon	Speocolpodes franiai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Speocolpodes.	Speocolpodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Benthamiella is a genus of plants in the Solanaceae family, native to Patagonia in southern South America.	Benthamiella	Solanaceae
parent taxon	The Puerto Rican nightjar or Puerto Rican whip-poor-will (Antrostomus noctitherus) is a very rare bird found in the coastal dry scrub forests in localized areas of southwestern Puerto Rico.	Puerto Rican nightjar	Antrostomus
parent taxon	Afrolicania is a genus of plant in family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1921.	Afrolicania	Chrysobalanaceae
parent taxon	Leptosema is a genus of flowering plants from the legume family Fabaceae.	Leptosema	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Olindias is a genus of jellyfish in the family Olindiidae.	Olindias	Olindiidae
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan hutia (Plagiodontia aedium) is one of several hutia (also called zagouti, and jutía in Spanish) species to have inhabited at some time the island of Hispaniola (island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic).	Hispaniolan hutia	Plagiodontia
parent taxon	The Tumbes round stingray, Urobatis tumbesensis, is a little-known species of round ray, family Urolophidae, known only from two immature male specimens collected from estuarine waters at depths of 1--2 m, and a third specimen collected in 2006 near mangroves.	Tumbes round stingray	Urobatis
parent taxon	Astroloma is an endemic Australian genus of around 20 species of flowering plants in the family Ericaceae.	Astroloma	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Trimeroceras is a straight oncocerid (Nautilodea, Cephalopoda) from the Middle and Upper Silurian of Europe, and type for the Trimeroceratidae.	Trimeroceras	Trimeroceratidae
parent taxon	Dimeroceratidae is one of three families in the Dimeroceratoidea, a goniatid superfamily included in the Ammonoidea; extinct shelled cephalopods with adorally convex septa and usually narrow ventro-marginal siphuncles.	Dimeroceratidae	Dimeroceratoidea
parent taxon	The Japanese wood pigeon (Columba janthina) is a species of bird in the Columba genus in the family Columbidae.	Japanese wood pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	Chaiturus is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1787.	Chaiturus	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Tristram's starling or Tristram's grackle (Onychognathus tristramii) is a species of starling native to Israel, Jordan, northeastern Egypt (Sinai Peninsula), western Saudi Arabia, Yemen, and Oman, nesting mainly on rocky cliff faces.	Tristram's starling	Onychognathus
parent taxon	Promanus is a genus of beetle of the family Trogossitidae, endemic to New Zealand.	Promanus	Trogossitidae
parent taxon	Banksia nivea, commonly known as Honeypot Dryandra, is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.	Banksia nivea	Dryandra
parent taxon	Lates mariae, the Bigeye lates, is a species of lates perch native to Lake Tanganyika and from the Lualaba drainage in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Bigeye lates	Lates
parent taxon	Isonandra is a genus of plants in the family Sapotaceae found in tropical Asia, described as a genus in 1840.	Isonandra	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	Lirceus is a genus of isopod crustaceans in the family Asellidae that live in southern Canada and the eastern United States as far west as the Great Plains.	Lirceus	Asellidae
parent taxon	Coccidia (Coccidiasina) are a subclass of microscopic, spore-forming, single-celled obligate intracellular parasites belonging to the apicomplexan class Conoidasida.	Coccidia	Conoidasida
parent taxon	Afroedura is a genus of African geckos.	Afroedura	geckos
parent taxon	The Tumbes hummingbird (Leucippus baeri) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Tumbes hummingbird	Leucippus
parent taxon	The term Njangsa refers to an oily seeds tree, Ricinodendron heudelotii, found in tropical West Africa.	Njangsa	Ricinodendron
parent taxon	The Cactoideae are the largest subfamily of the cactus family, Cactaceae.	Cactoideae	Cactaceae
parent taxon	Lepidopsocidae are an insect family of bark lice (Psocoptera) belonging to the suborder Trogiomorpha.	Lepidopsocidae	Psocoptera
parent taxon	The genus Sauropus, of the Phyllanthaceae family, comprises about 40 species of herbs, shrubs or subshrubs, sometimes with woody bases.	Sauropus	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Colasposoma is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.	Colasposoma	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	The Lilioideae are a subfamily of monocotyledon perennial, herbaceous mainly bulbous flowering plants in the Liliaceae (Lily) family.	Lilioideae	Liliaceae
parent taxon	Chrysosplenium (golden saxifrage or golden-saxifrage) is a genus of 57 species of flowering plants in the family Saxifragaceae.	Chrysosplenium	Saxifragaceae
parent taxon	Mischocephalus lithostrota is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Mischocephalus.	Mischocephalus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Anambulyx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Anambulyx elwesi, which is known from northern Pakistan, northern India, Nepal, south-western China, northern Thailand and northern Vietnam.	Anambulyx	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Ozark bass (Ambloplites constellatus) is a species of freshwater fish in the sunfish family (Centrarchidae) of order Perciformes.	Ozark bass	Ambloplites
parent taxon	The Indochinese black langur (Trachypithecus ebenus) is a poorly known lutung native to Laos and adjacent Vietnam.	Indochinese black langur	Trachypithecus
parent taxon	The Chaco earthcreeper (Tarphonomus certhioides) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Chaco earthcreeper	Tarphonomus
parent taxon	Yates (2006) found Zupaysaurus to form a group with Dilophosaurus and Dracovenator, placing it in a monophyletic Dilophosauridae.	Zupaysaurus	Dilophosauridae
parent taxon	Brant's climbing mouse (Dendromus mesomelas) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Brant's climbing mouse	Dendromus
parent taxon	Lutz's poison frog (Ameerega flavopicta; formerly Epipedobates flavopicta) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family found in Bolivia and Brazil.	Lutz's poison frog	Ameerega
parent taxon	The Atlantic wreckfish, Polyprion americanus, is a marine, bathydemersal, and oceanodromous fish in the family Polyprionidae.	Atlantic wreckfish	Polyprion
parent taxon	Torula (Latin name: Candida utilis; formerly Torulopsis utilis, Torula utilis) is a species of yeast.	Torula	Candida
parent taxon	Paramachairodus (alternately Paramachaerodus) is an extinct genus of saber-tooth cat of the subfamily Machairodontinae, which was endemic to Europe and Asia during the late Miocene from 15 to 9 Ma.	Paramachairodus	Machairodontinae
parent taxon	Photuris is a genus of fireflies (beetles of the family Lampyridae).	Photuris	Lampyridae
parent taxon	European Bat lyssavirus 2 (EBLV-2) is one of three species of Rabies-like virus of the genus Lyssavirus found in Daubenton's bats (Myotis daubentonii) in Britain.	European Bat lyssavirus 2	Lyssavirus
parent taxon	Uapaca is a genus of plant, in the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1858.	Uapaca	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Guineafowl (/ˈɡɪnifaʊl/; sometimes called ``original fowl'' or guineahen) are birds of the family Numididae in the order Galliformes.	Guineafowl	Galliformes
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan emerald (Chlorostilbon swainsonii) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Hispaniolan emerald	Chlorostilbon
parent taxon	Budin's chinchilla rat (Abrocoma budini) is a species of chinchilla rat in the family Abrocomidae.	Budin's chinchilla rat	Abrocoma
parent taxon	The Arabian fat-tailed scorpion (Androctonus crassicauda) is a species of dangerous scorpion usually found in North Africa and the Middle East.	Arabian fat-tailed scorpion	Androctonus
parent taxon	Antisabia, common name hoof shells or hoof snails, is a genus of small sea snails, limpet-like marine gastropod molluscs in the family Hipponicidae.	Antisabia	Hipponicidae
parent taxon	Lyncornis is a genus of eared nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Lyncornis	Caprimulgidae
parent taxon	The Matinan blue flycatcher (Cyornis sanfordi), also known as the Matinan flycatcher, is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Matinan blue flycatcher	Cyornis
parent taxon	Caenopithecinae is a subfamily within the extinct primate family Adapidae, found in Europe and northern Africa from the Eocene to the Oligocene.	Caenopithecinae	Adapidae
parent taxon	Spelaeodiaptomus rouchi is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae.	Spelaeodiaptomus	Diaptomidae
parent taxon	Chitoria is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae found in Southeast Asia.	Chitoria	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Volvarina is a genus of small to very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Marginellidae, the margin shells.	Volvarina	Marginellidae
parent taxon	Blackfin tuna (Thunnus atlanticus) is the smallest tuna species in the Thunnus genus, generally growing to a maximum of 100 cm (39 in) in length and weighing 21 kg (46 lbs).	Blackfin tuna	Thunnus
parent taxon	The Elachistidae (grass-miner moths) are a family of small moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea.	Elachistidae	Gelechioidea
parent taxon	Rafinesque's big-eared bat (Corynorhinus rafinesquii), sometimes known as the southeastern big-eared bat, is a species of vesper bat native to the southeastern United States.	Rafinesque's big-eared bat	Corynorhinus
parent taxon	The Madagascan yellowbrow (Crossleyia xanthophrys), also known as the yellow-browed oxylabes, is a species of Malagasy warbler, formerly placed in the Sylviidae family.	Madagascan yellowbrow	Crossleyia
parent taxon	Bromelia is the type genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae.	Bromelia	Bromelioideae
parent taxon	Omnidemptus is a monotypic genus of fungi in the family Magnaporthaceae containing the sole species Omnidemptus affinis.	Omnidemptus	Magnaporthaceae
parent taxon	Acruspex spinipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Acruspex.	Acruspex	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Langeria is an extinct genus of flowering plant in the family Hamamelidaceae, commonly known as the witch-hazel family, containing the solitary species Langeria magnifica.	Langeria	Hamamelidaceae
parent taxon	Copperband butterflyfish (Chelmon rostratus), commonly known as beaked coral fish, are found in reefs in both the Pacific and Indian Oceans.	Copperband butterflyfish	Chelmon
parent taxon	The Cauca tree frog, Hyloscirtus caucanus, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Cauca tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	Geoffroy's bat (Myotis emarginatus) is a species of vesper bat.	Geoffroy's bat	Myotis
parent taxon	Plerandra is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araliaceae that has long been considered a synonym of Schefflera, which has been a polyphyletic group.	Plerandra	Araliaceae
parent taxon	The Andaman spiny shrew or Andaman shrew (Crocidura hispida) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Andaman spiny shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Mesogyne is a genus of plant in family Moraceae (Mulberry).	Mesogyne	Moraceae
parent taxon	Cadoceras is an extinct ammonite genus belonging to the Cardioceratidae that lived during the Jurassic period from the late Bajocian to the early Callovian.	Cadoceras	Cardioceratidae
parent taxon	The Sunda flying lemur (Galeopterus variegatus), also known as the Malayan flying lemur, Sunda Colugo or Malayan colugo, is a species of colugo.	Sunda flying lemur	Galeopterus
parent taxon	Carassius auratus grandoculis (Japanese: nigoro-buna), a freshwater ray-finned fish, is a wild subspecies of goldfish endemic to Japan; its habitat is limited to Lake Biwa, its tributaries and distributaries, and irrigation canals.	Carassius auratus grandoculis	goldfish
parent taxon	The family Droseraceae is part of the order Caryophyllales in the clade core eudicots.	Droseraceae	Caryophyllales
parent taxon	The Pagai spiny rat (Maxomys pagensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Pagai spiny rat	Maxomys
parent taxon	The Eurasian least shrew (Sorex minutissimus), also called the lesser pygmy shrew, is the second-smallest mammal after the Etruscan shrew.	Eurasian least shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Askeptosauridae is a family of thalattosaurs within the superfamily Askeptosauroidea.	Askeptosauridae	Askeptosauroidea
parent taxon	Leucicorus is a small genus of cusk-eels found in deep oceanic waters.	Leucicorus	cusk-eels
parent taxon	The Orinoco goose (Neochen jubata) is a member of the duck, goose and swan family Anatidae.	Orinoco goose	Neochen
parent taxon	The Syrman goby (Ponticola syrman) is a species of goby native to marine, brackish and probably fresh waters of the Black Sea, the Sea of Azov and the Caspian Sea basins.	Syrman goby	Ponticola
parent taxon	The Geelvink Bay flying fox or Geelvink Bay fruit bat (Pteropus pohlei) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Geelvink Bay flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Neaphaenops tellkampfii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Neaphaenops.	Neaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Mareyopsis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1919.	Mareyopsis	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Synemosyninae is a subfamily of spiders belonging to the family Salticidae, the order Araneae and the class Arachnida.	Synemosyninae	Salticidae
parent taxon	Hoplosternum is a small genus of freshwater catfish in the Callichthyinae subfamily of the armored catfish family.	Hoplosternum	Callichthyinae
parent taxon	Coccomyxaceae is a family of algae, in the order Chlorococcales.	Coccomyxaceae	Chlorococcales
parent taxon	The Stereaceae are a family of corticioid fungi in the Russulales order.	Stereaceae	Russulales
parent taxon	Spirinchus is a genus of smelts (Osmeridae).	Spirinchus	Osmeridae
parent taxon	The Cratomorphini are a disputed tribe of fireflies of the large subfamily Lampyrinae.	Cratomorphini	Lampyrinae
parent taxon	Gonyostomum is a genus of freshwater algae in the class Raphidophyte.	Gonyostomum	Raphidophyte
parent taxon	Ambuchananiaceae is a family of moss in the order Sphagnales with only two genera, Ambuchanania and Eosphagnum	Ambuchananiaceae	Sphagnales
parent taxon	Calotis is a genus of herbs or small shrubs in the daisy family Asteraceae.	Calotis	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Diplasiotherium is an extinct genus of herbivore litoptern belongs to the family Proterotheriidae, that lived between the late Miocene and the early Pliocene (in the SALMAs Huayquerian and Montehermosan).	Diplasiotherium	Proterotheriidae
parent taxon	Tryblidiopsis (Triblidiopsis is an orthographical variant) is a genus of fungi within the Rhytismataceae family.	Tryblidiopsis	Rhytismataceae
parent taxon	Gonocephalum is a genus of darkling beetle in the family Tenebrionidae.	Gonocephalum	Tenebrionidae
parent taxon	Chrysopinae is a subfamily of green lacewings in the insect family Chrysopidae in the order Neuroptera.	Chrysopinae	Chrysopidae
parent taxon	Xenophrys wuliangshanensis (Wuliangshan horned toad) is a species of frog found in Asia.	Wuliangshan horned toad	Xenophrys
parent taxon	Ceratostigma (/ˌsɛrətoʊˈstɪɡmə, sᵻˌræ-/;), or leadwort, plumbago, is a genus of eight species of flowering plants in the family Plumbaginaceae, native to warm temperate to tropical regions of Africa and Asia.	Ceratostigma	Plumbaginaceae
parent taxon	Copland's rock frog or the saxicoline tree frog (Litoria coplandi) a frog in the family Hylidae.	Copland's rock frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Threespot barb (Barbus trimaculatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Threespot barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Dusky-faced tanager (Mitrospingus cassinii) Olive-backed tanager (Mitrospingus oleagineus) The name Mitrospingus is a combination of the Greek words mitra meaning ``cap'' or ``head-dress'' and spingos, meaning ``finch''.	Mitrospingus	tanager
parent taxon	Machairophora fulvipuncta is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Machairophora.	Machairophora fulvipuncta	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Chilocorus is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Coccinellidae, subfamily Chilocorinae.	Chilocorus	Chilocorinae
parent taxon	The Madagascan big-headed turtle (Erymnochelys madagascariensis) is a turtle native to the waters of permanent slow moving rivers and lakes in western Madagascar.	Madagascan big-headed turtle	Erymnochelys
parent taxon	The Micropygidae form a family of sea urchins within the Diadematoida order or echinoderms.	Micropygidae	Diadematoida
parent taxon	Pseudosquillopsis is a genus of mantis shrimp in the family Parasquillidae.	Pseudosquillopsis	Parasquillidae
parent taxon	Braunsiomyia is a genus of horseflies of the family Tabanidae.	Braunsiomyia	Tabanidae
parent taxon	Moserius is a genus of crustacean in family Trichoniscidae, with two described species:	Moserius	Trichoniscidae
parent taxon	Stempfferia congoana, the Black-veined Epitola, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Stempfferia congoana	Epitola
parent taxon	The Ivory Coast rat (Dephomys eburneae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Ivory Coast rat	Dephomys
parent taxon	Poecilium lividum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Poecilium.	Poecilium	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Emesinae, or thread-legged bugs, are a subfamily of the Reduviidae (i.e., assassin bugs).	Emesinae	Reduviidae
parent taxon	Hyperolius (commonly known as the African reed frogs or reed frogs) is a large genus of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family from Sub-Saharan Africa.	Hyperolius	Hyperoliidae
parent taxon	Thecacera is a genus of sea slugs, specifically nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Polyceridae.	Thecacera	Polyceridae
parent taxon	The Red pike conger (Cynoponticus coniceps, also known as the Conehead eel in Mexico) is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae (pike congers).	Red pike conger	Cynoponticus
parent taxon	The Mississippi gopher frog or dusky gopher frog (Rana sevosa) is a rare species of true frog.	Mississippi gopher frog	Rana
parent taxon	The Patagonian tinamou (Tinamotis ingoufi) also known as Ingouf's tinamou is a member of the most ancient group of bird families, the tinamous.	Patagonian tinamou	Tinamotis
parent taxon	Drupina is a genus of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Drupina	Muricidae
parent taxon	Compsodes is a genus of hooded, sand cockroaches, of the subfamily Polyphaginae, in the family Polyphagidae.	Compsodes	Polyphagidae
parent taxon	The Kurdistan spotted newt (Neurergus microspilotus) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in areas of Iran, possibly Iraq, and possibly Turkey.	Kurdistan spotted newt	Neurergus
parent taxon	Arctic cisco (Coregonus autumnalis) is an anadromous species of freshwater whitefish that inhabits the Arctic parts of Siberia, Alaska and Canada.	Arctic cisco	Coregonus
parent taxon	Eatoniopsis is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Cingulopsidae.	Eatoniopsis	Cingulopsidae
parent taxon	Fischer's starling (Spreo fischeri) is a bird which is an uncommon resident breeder from southern Ethiopia and Somalia to eastern Kenya and Tanzania.	Fischer's starling	Spreo
parent taxon	The Leucascidae are a family of sponges in the order Clathrinida.	Leucascidae	Clathrinida
parent taxon	Jayakar's seahorse (Hippocampus jayakari) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family.	Jayakar's seahorse	Hippocampus
parent taxon	Black-chested mountain tanager, Cnemathraupis eximia Golden-backed mountain tanager, Cnemathraupis aureodorsalis	Cnemathraupis	tanager
parent taxon	Dibamus is a genus of legless lizards in the family Dibamidae.	Dibamus	Dibamidae
parent taxon	The Roanoke logperch (Percina rex) is a small freshwater fish found in the Roanoke and Chowan drainages in Virginia, United States.	Roanoke logperch	Percina
parent taxon	Anthochortus is a group of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1837.	Anthochortus	Restionaceae
parent taxon	The Deirochelyinae are a subfamily of Emydidae consisting of species native to North, and South America, some of which are frequently kept as pets.	Deirochelyinae	Emydidae
parent taxon	Temnostega antarctica is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Temnostega.	Temnostega	Carabidae
parent taxon	Mullerornis is the smaller of the two genera of extinct elephant birds (Aepyornithidae) of Madagascar (the other is Aepyornis).	Mullerornis	Aepyornithidae
parent taxon	The Microstigmatidae are a small spider family with fifteen described species in seven genera.	Microstigmatidae	spider
parent taxon	The Reiser's tyrannulet (Phyllomyias reiseri) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Reiser's tyrannulet	Phyllomyias
parent taxon	Benitez's tree frog, Hypsiboas benitezi, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Brazil, Venezuela, and possibly Guyana.	Benitez's tree frog	Hypsiboas
parent taxon	Pseudomonotes is a monotypic genus of plants in family Dipterocarpaceae.	Pseudomonotes	Dipterocarpaceae
parent taxon	Atya is a genus of freshwater shrimp of the family Atyidae, ranging through the Antilles and along the Atlantic and Pacific slopes of Central and South America and in western Africa.	Atya	Atyidae
parent taxon	Potoxylon is a monotypic genus of evergreen trees belonging to the Laurel family, Lauraceae.	Potoxylon	Lauraceae
parent taxon	Breviea is a genus of plant in family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1935.	Breviea	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	The Stenopodainae are a subfamily of Reduviidae (assassin bugs).	Stenopodainae	Reduviidae
parent taxon	The Moheli bulbul (Hypsipetes moheliensis) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Moheli bulbul	Hypsipetes
parent taxon	The Baffin Island wolf (Canis lupus manningi), also known as the Baffin Island tundra wolf, is a subspecies of the gray wolf, Canis lupus, which resides exclusively on Baffin Island and several nearby islands.	Baffin Island wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	Enneapterygius williamsi, known commonly as the William's triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	William's triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Chrysopogon nigritanus, more widely known by the taxonomic synonym Vetiveria nigritana, or the common name black vetivergrass, is a perennial grass species of the Poaceae family and therefore is also a monocotyledon.	Chrysopogon nigritanus	Vetiveria
parent taxon	Letestua is a genus of plant in family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1917.	Letestua	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	The Qinling panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca qinlingensis) is a subspecies of the giant panda, discovered in the 1960s but not recognized as a subspecies until 2005.	Qinling panda	giant panda
parent taxon	Lithobiidae is a family of centipedes in the order Lithobiomorpha, containing the following genera:	Lithobiidae	Lithobiomorpha
parent taxon	Telekia is a genus of flowering plant, of the family Asteraceae.	Telekia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Xenobolus is a genus of millipedes in the family Pachybolidae, containing two species found in India and Sri Lanka.	Xenobolus	Pachybolidae
parent taxon	Savi's pipistrelle (Hypsugo savii sometimes classified as Pipistrellus savii) is a species of vesper bat found across North West Africa, the Mediterranean region and the Middle East.	Savi's pipistrelle	Hypsugo
parent taxon	Todd's sirystes (Sirystes subcanescens), is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Todd's sirystes	Sirystes
parent taxon	Heinroth's shearwater (Puffinus heinrothi) is a poorly known seabird in the family Procellariidae.	Heinroth's shearwater	Puffinus
parent taxon	Arumecla is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.	Arumecla	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	The Central Antillean slider (Trachemys stejnegeri), is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family.	Central Antillean slider	Trachemys
parent taxon	Cinara, the conifer aphids or giant conifer aphids, is a genus of aphids in the family Aphididae.	Cinara	Aphididae
parent taxon	The Bahia spinetail (Synallaxis whitneyi) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Bahia spinetail	Synallaxis
parent taxon	Hydrichthys is a genus of colonial marine hydrozoans that used to be placed in the family Hydrichthyidae but is now included in Pandeidae.	Hydrichthys	Hydrichthyidae	Pandeidae
parent taxon	Solanum chilense (syn. Lycopersicon chilense) is a plant species from the ``tomato'' subgenus Lycopersicon within the nightshade genus Solanum.	Solanum chilense	Lycopersicon
parent taxon	Daribok's striped caecilian, Ichthyophis daribokensis, is a species of amphibian in Assam in northern India.	Daribok's striped caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	Graphania is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, containing over 100 species.	Graphania	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Deroo's mouse or Deroo's praomys (Praomys derooi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Deroo's mouse	Praomys
parent taxon	The La Plata skate (Atlantoraja platana) is a species of fish in Rajidae family.	La Plata skate	Atlantoraja
parent taxon	Nanolestes is an extinct genus of mammals in the order Amphitheriida.	Nanolestes	Amphitheriida
parent taxon	Macleaya or plume poppies is a genus of two or three species of flowering plants in the poppy family Papaveraceae, native to China and Japan.	Macleaya	Papaveraceae
parent taxon	The North Island giant moa (Dinornis novaezealandiae) is one of two extinct moa in the genus Dinornis.	North Island giant moa	Dinornis
parent taxon	Dary's burrowing snake (Adelphicos daryi ) is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.	Dary's burrowing snake	Adelphicos
parent taxon	Kelletia kelletii, common name Kellet's whelk, is a species of large sea snail, a whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Kelletia kelletii	Buccinidae
parent taxon	Pierella is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae found from Mexico through Central America to South America.	Pierella	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Mirza's western moss rat (Mirzamys louiseae) is a species of rodent endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Mirza's western moss rat	Mirzamys
parent taxon	The Australian pied cormorant (/ˌpaɪd ˈkɔrmərənt/ PYD KOR-mər-ənt), Phalacrocorax varius, also known as the pied cormorant or pied shag, is a medium-sized member of the cormorant family.	Australian pied cormorant	Phalacrocorax
parent taxon	Anarithma is a small genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitromorphidae, in the superfamily Conoidea the cone snails and their allies.	Anarithma	Mitromorphidae
parent taxon	Guamia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the soursop family, Annonaceae.	Guamia	Annonaceae
parent taxon	The Sri Lanka swallow (Cecropis hyperythra) is a large swallow.	Sri Lanka swallow	Cecropis
parent taxon	One characteristic that distinguishes Smilacaceae from most of the other members of the Liliaceae-like Liliales is that it has true vessels in its conducting tissue.	Smilacaceae	Liliales
parent taxon	Coptis (Goldthread or Canker Root) is a genus of between 10--15 species of flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae, native to Asia and North America.	Coptis	Ranunculaceae
parent taxon	The Bayou darter (Etheostoma rubrum) is a rare species of darter endemic to western Mississippi in the United States, where it is found only in the Bayou Pierre River and its tributaries.	Bayou darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Hackelia (Stickseeds) is a genus of plants in the borage family, Boraginaceae.	Hackelia	Boraginaceae
parent taxon	Cratoxylum (or Cratoxylon Blume, an orthographic variant) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hypericaceae, native to tropical Asia.	Cratoxylum	Hypericaceae
parent taxon	Codonocarpus is a small genus of shrubs or small trees in the family Gyrostemonaceae.	Codonocarpus	Gyrostemonaceae
parent taxon	Macreurops longicollis is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Macreurops.	Macreurops	Monotomidae
parent taxon	Giant petrels form a genus, Macronectes, from the family Procellariidae, which consists of two species.	Giant petrel	Procellariidae
parent taxon	Obania is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.	Obania	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Orthopoxvirus is a genus of viruses in the family Poxviridae and subfamily Chordopoxvirinae.	Orthopoxvirus	Chordopoxvirinae
parent taxon	The Philippine deer (Rusa marianna), also known as the Philippine sambar or the Philippine brown deer, is a species of deer that is native to the forests and grasslands, on most larger islands of the Philippines,.	Philippine deer	Rusa
parent taxon	Isopyrum is a genus of flowering plants of the family Ranunculaceae native to Eurasia.	Isopyrum	Ranunculaceae
parent taxon	Harrington's gerbil or Harrington's tateril, Taterillus harringtoni, is a species of gerbil found in Central African Republic, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.	Harrington's gerbil	Taterillus
parent taxon	Astronotus is a genus of South American fish from the family Cichlidae.	Astronotus	Cichlidae
parent taxon	Sychr's catfish (Corydoras sychri) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family.	Sychr's catfish	Corydoras
parent taxon	The Negros forest frog (Platymantis negrosensis) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Negros forest frog	Platymantis
parent taxon	The Luzon fruit bat (Otopteropus cartilagonodus) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Luzon fruit bat	Otopteropus
parent taxon	Babault's mouse shrew (Myosorex babaulti) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae found in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Uganda.	Babault's mouse shrew	Myosorex
parent taxon	Aceratheriinae is an extinct subfamily of rhinoceros endemic to Asia, Africa, Europe, and North America during the Oligocene through Pliocene living from 33.9--3.4 mya, existing for approximately 30.5 million years.	Aceratheriinae	rhinoceros
parent taxon	The Shipova (× Sorbopyrus auricularis) is a hybrid of the European Pear (Pyrus communis) and the Common Whitebeam (Sorbus aria).	Shipova	× Sorbopyrus
parent taxon	Tuarangia is an extinct genus of early bivalve, the only genus in the extinct family Tuarangiidae and order Tuarangiida.	Tuarangia	Tuarangiidae
parent taxon	Grandidier's mongoose (Galidictis grandidieri), also known as the giant-striped mongoose or Grandidier's vontsira, is a small carnivoran that lives only in a very small area of southwestern Madagascar, in areas of spiny forest vegetation.	Grandidier's mongoose	Galidictis
parent taxon	Spathiostemon is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1826.	Spathiostemon	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Tetradoxa is a monotypic genus in the family Adoxaceae containing the single species Tetradoxa omeiensis.	Tetradoxa	Adoxaceae
parent taxon	Franquet's epauletted fruit bat (Epomops franqueti) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae, and is one of three different species of epauletted bats.	Franquet's epauletted fruit bat	Epomops
parent taxon	The Otjikoto tilapia (Tilapia guinasana) is a species of cichlid endemic to Namibia where it was originally only found in Lake Guinas.	Otjikoto tilapia	Tilapia
parent taxon	Bothrostethus is a genus of Coreidae family, subfamily Pseudophloeinae.	Bothrostethus	Pseudophloeinae
parent taxon	The Zambezi flapshell turtle (Cycloderma frenatum) is a species of softshell turtle (family Trionychidae).	Zambezi flapshell turtle	Cycloderma
parent taxon	The Ceram fruit bat or Seram flying fox (Pteropus ocularis) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Ceram fruit bat	Pteropus
parent taxon	Tateidae is a family of very small and minute aquatic snails with an operculum, gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Truncatelloidea.	Tateidae	Truncatelloidea
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Dimorphococcus is a genus of fresh water green algae, specifically of the Scenedesmaceae.	Dimorphococcus	Scenedesmaceae
parent taxon	Heptasaurus is an extinct genus of Triassic capitosaurian temnospondyl amphibian within the family Mastodonsauridae.	Heptasaurus	Mastodonsauridae
parent taxon	The Queen Carola's parotia (Parotia carolae) also known as Queen Carola's six-wired bird-of-paradise is a species of bird-of-paradise.	Queen Carola's parotia	Parotia
parent taxon	Parochetus is traditionally classified in the tribe Trifolieae of the family Leguminosae (Fabaceae), although its inclusion in that tribe has also been considered doubtful.	Parochetus	Trifolieae
parent taxon	Banded dwarf cichlid (Apistogramma bitaeniata) is a species of benthopelagic freshwater fish from South America.	Banded dwarf cichlid	Apistogramma
parent taxon	Desmomyia is a genus of snipe fly of the family Rhagionidae.	Desmomyia	Rhagionidae
parent taxon	The Variegated catshark, Asymbolus submaculatus, is a cat shark of the family Scyliorhinidae, found off New South Wales and Western Australia at depths between 30 and 200 m. Its length is up to 41 cm. The reproduction of this catshark is oviparous.	Variegated catshark	Asymbolus
parent taxon	Fox's shaggy rat (Dasymys foxi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Fox's shaggy rat	Dasymys
parent taxon	Zyziphora is a genus of flies in the tribe Metopinini.	Zyziphora	Metopinini
parent taxon	Anchovy sprat, Clupeonella engrauliformis, is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family.	Anchovy sprat	Clupeonella
parent taxon	Deania is a genus of long-snouted, deepwater dogfish sharks in the family Centrophoridae.	Deania	Centrophoridae
parent taxon	Swainson's hawk (Buteo swainsoni), is a large Buteo hawk of the Falconiformes, sometimes separated in the Accipitriformes like its relatives.	Swainson's hawk	Buteo
parent taxon	Zegalerus is a genus of small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Calyptraeidae, commonly known as slipper snails, cup-and-saucer shells, and Chinese hat shells.	Zegalerus	Calyptraeidae
parent taxon	The Chiguanco thrush (Turdus chiguanco) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Chiguanco thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	Duashnoceras is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus included in the Stephanoceratidae that lived during the Bathonian stage of the Middle Jurassic.	Duashnoceras	Stephanoceratidae
parent taxon	The Allegheny Mountain dusky salamander (Desmognathus ochrophaeus) is a species in the Plethodontidae (lungless salamander) family.	Allegheny Mountain dusky salamander	Desmognathus
parent taxon	Abedus is a genus of giant water bugs (family Belostomatidae).	Abedus	Belostomatidae
parent taxon	Mimetes is a genus of plants in the large family Proteaceae.	Mimetes	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Mantis religiosa, with the common name praying mantis, and outside Europe the European mantis, is an insect in the family Mantidae.	European mantis	Mantis
parent taxon	Pseudothyrea oppenheimi is a fossil species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pseudothyrea.	Pseudothyrea	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Shouchangoceratinae is one of three ammonoid subfamilies of the family Pseudohaloritidae, which in turn is one of two families in the Goniatitid superfamily Pseudohaloritaceae.	Shouchangoceratinae	Pseudohaloritidae
parent taxon	The Sudan gerbil, Gerbillus nancillus is distributed mainly in central Sudan.	Sudan gerbil	Gerbillus
parent taxon	Hannia is a monotypic genus of fish in the family Terapontidae containing the single species Hannia greenwayi.	Hannia	Terapontidae
parent taxon	The Halmahera swiftlet (Aerodramus infuscatus) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Halmahera swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Ectinosomatidae is a family of the Harpacticoida, a huge group of crustaceans belonging to the subclass Copepoda.	Ectinosomatidae	Harpacticoida
parent taxon	Scotomenia cetrata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Scotomenia	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Praestrigites is a genus from the Strigoceratidae which is included in the ammonitid superfamily, Haplocerataceae.	Praestrigites	Strigoceratidae
parent taxon	Kazakhstan blind mole-rat (Spalax uralensis, alternatively Ural blind mole-rat) is an extant species of blind mole-rat indigenous to Kazakhstan, along the Ural River basin and the flood plains of the Uil, Temir, and Emba rivers.	Kazakhstan blind mole-rat	Spalax
parent taxon	Cauliflower mosaic virus (CaMV) is a member of the genus Caulimovirus, one of the six genera in the Caulimoviridae family, which are pararetroviruses that infect plants.	Cauliflower mosaic virus	Caulimovirus
parent taxon	Lithophyllum is a genus of thalloid red algae belonging to the family Corallinaceae.	Lithophyllum	Corallinaceae
parent taxon	The Orthopterida is a superorder of the Polyneoptera that represents the extant orders Orthoptera (grasshoppers, crickets, and katydids), and Phasmatodea (stick insects and leaf insects).	Orthopterida	Polyneoptera
parent taxon	Thrausmosaurus is a genus of synapsid pelycosaurs from the extinct family Varanopidae.	Thrausmosaurus	Varanopidae
parent taxon	The Borneo loach (Pangio shelfordii) is an Southeast Asian species of cobitid fish.	Borneo loach	Pangio
parent taxon	Tasmanoplectron is a monotypic genus of cricket in family Rhaphidophoridae described by A. M. Richards.	Tasmanoplectron	Rhaphidophoridae
parent taxon	The Chihuahuan pocket mouse (Chaetodipus eremicus) is a species of heteromyid rodent found in the southwestern United States and Mexico.	Chihuahuan pocket mouse	Chaetodipus
parent taxon	Potnyctycia; a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	Potnyctycia	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Pacific baza (Aviceda subcristata) also known as the crested hawk, is a slender, medium-sized hawk with a distinctive crest.	Pacific baza	Aviceda
parent taxon	Iapir is a genus of beetles in the family Torridincolidae, containing these species:	Iapir	Torridincolidae
parent taxon	Leucosolenia is a genus of calcareous sponges belonging to the family Leucosoleniidae.	Leucosolenia	Leucosoleniidae
parent taxon	The Arbutoideae are a subfamily in the flowering plant family Ericaceae.	Arbutoideae	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Schistidium is a plant genus in the moss family Grimmiaceae.	Schistidium	Grimmiaceae
parent taxon	The Philippine mouse-deer (Tragulus nigricans), also known as the Balabac chevrotain or pilandok (in Filipino), is a small, nocturnal ruminant, which is endemic to Balabac and nearby smaller islands (Bugsuc and Ramos) southwest of Palawan in the Philippines.	Philippine mouse-deer	Tragulus
parent taxon	The Flores shrew (Suncus mertensi) is a white-toothed shrew found only on Flores Island, Indonesia.	Flores shrew	Suncus
parent taxon	The Maendeleo horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus maendeleo) is a recently discovered species of bats in the family Rhinolophidae.	Maendeleo horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The Temotu flying fox (Pteropus nitendiensis) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Temotu flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Glomeridesmida is the only living order of the superorder Limacomorpha.	Glomeridesmida	Limacomorpha
parent taxon	Mesophyllum is a genus of red alga belonging to the family Hapalidiaceae.	Mesophyllum	Hapalidiaceae
parent taxon	Amblyornis is a genus of bowerbirds belonging to the family Ptilonorhynchidae.	Amblyornis	Ptilonorhynchidae
parent taxon	Pacific spotted scorpionfish (Scorpaena mystes).	Pacific spotted scorpionfish	Scorpaena
parent taxon	The Maupiti monarch (Pomarea pomarea) was a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Maupiti monarch	Pomarea
parent taxon	Blechnum (hard fern) is a genus of between 150--220 species of ferns with a cosmopolitan distribution, in the family Blechnaceae in the eupolypods II clade of the order Polypodiales.	Blechnum	Blechnaceae
parent taxon	Otitinae is the name of a subfamily of flies in the family Ulidiidae.	Otitinae	Ulidiidae
parent taxon	Brachymyrmex is a genus in the ants subfamily Formicinae.	Brachymyrmex	Formicinae
parent taxon	Eupolybothrus is a genus of centipedes in the family Lithobiidae.	Eupolybothrus	Lithobiidae
parent taxon	The Agaricostilbales are an order of fungi in the class Agaricostilbomycetes of the division Basidiomycota.	Agaricostilbales	Agaricostilbomycetes
parent taxon	Calopiidae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Rissooidea.	Calopiidae	Rissooidea
parent taxon	Ceuthophilus is a genus of insects in the cave cricket family Rhaphidophoridae.	Ceuthophilus	Rhaphidophoridae
parent taxon	Igarkiella is the sole genus within the Igarkiellidae, an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil molluscs of uncertain position.	Igarkiella	Igarkiellidae
parent taxon	Lepterpeton is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl within the family Urocordylidae.	Lepterpeton	Urocordylidae
parent taxon	Worthen's sparrow (Spizella wortheni) is a species of American sparrow that is endemic to northeastern Mexico.	Worthen's sparrow	Spizella
parent taxon	The Mayr's honeyeater (Ptiloprora mayri) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Mayr's honeyeater	Ptiloprora
parent taxon	The Lesser Antillean flycatcher (Myiarchus oberi) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Lesser Antillean flycatcher	Myiarchus
parent taxon	The Indian courser (Cursorius coromandelicus) is a species of courser found in mainland South Asia, mainly in the plains bounded by the Ganges and Indus river system.	Indian courser	Cursorius
parent taxon	Ceriospora is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement of this family is uncertain.	Ceriospora	Amphisphaeriaceae
parent taxon	The Trebouxiophyceae are a class of green algae, in the division Chlorophyta.	Trebouxiophyceae	Chlorophyta
parent taxon	The Urich's tyrannulet (Phyllomyias urichi) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Urich's tyrannulet	Phyllomyias
parent taxon	The Clarence galaxias (Galaxias johnstoni) is a species of fish in the Galaxiidae family endemic to Tasmania.	Clarence galaxias	Galaxias
parent taxon	Torre's cave rat (Boromys torrei) was a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.	Torre's cave rat	Boromys
parent taxon	Raymunida is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Munididae, containing the following 11 species:	Raymunida	Munididae
parent taxon	Kloneus is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Kloneus babayaga, which is known from Nicaragua but probably ranges from Mexico to Costa Rica.	Kloneus	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Sakhalin sturgeon (Acipenser mikadoi) is a species of fish in the Acipenseridae family.	Sakhalin sturgeon	Acipenser
parent taxon	The Javan lutung (Trachypithecus auratus), also known as the ebony lutung and Javan langur, is an Old World monkey from the Colobinae subfamily.	Javan lutung	Trachypithecus
parent taxon	Dromiops nanniscus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Dromiops.	Dromiops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Nebriosoma fallax is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Nebriosoma.	Nebriosoma	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Sardinian pika (Prolagus sardus) was a pika native to the islands of Sardinia, Corsica and neighbouring Mediterranean islands until its extinction in the late 1700s or early 1800s.	Sardinian pika	Prolagus
parent taxon	Jordan's casque-headed tree frog, Trachycephalus jordani, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.	Jordan's casque-headed tree frog	Trachycephalus
parent taxon	The Sabine's spinetail (Rhaphidura sabini) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Sabine's spinetail	Rhaphidura
parent taxon	The Arabian cobra (Naja arabica) is a species of cobra in the genus Naja found in the Arabian Peninsula.	Arabian cobra	Naja
parent taxon	Mariaella is a genus of air-breathing land slugs, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ariophantidae.	Mariaella	Ariophantidae
parent taxon	Helanthium is a genus of plants in the Alismataceae, native to the Western Hemisphere.	Helanthium	Alismataceae
parent taxon	Sayella is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Sayella	Pyramidellidae
parent taxon	The Tana River cisticola (Cisticola restrictus) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Tana River cisticola	Cisticola
parent taxon	The Moluccan starling (Aplonis mysolensis) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Moluccan starling	Aplonis
parent taxon	Kihaule's mouse shrew (Myosorex kihaulei) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to Tanzania.	Kihaule's mouse shrew	Myosorex
parent taxon	Modern scientists, by comparing Megalosaurus with its direct relatives in the Megalosauridae, were able to obtain a more accurate picture.	Megalosaurus	Megalosauridae
parent taxon	Chalciporus is a genus of fungi in the family Boletaceae (suborder Boletineae).	Chalciporus	Boletaceae
parent taxon	Louisea is a genus of freshwater crab in the family Potamonautidae, containing two species, Louisea balssi and Louisea edeaensis.	Louisea	Potamonautidae
parent taxon	Syleter papua is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Syleter.	Syleter	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Tahiti swiftlet or Polynesian swiftlet (Aerodramus leucophaeus) is a species of swift in the family Apodidae.	Tahiti swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	The Santa Barbara shelled slug or slug snail, scientific name Binneya notabilis, is a species of air-breathing land slug, a shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Binneyidae.	Santa Barbara shelled slug	Binneya
parent taxon	Chymsydia is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, native to the Caucasus.	Chymsydia	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Chrysopeleiinae are a subfamily of the Cosmopterigidae, although some authors treat it as a full family, the Chrysopeleiidae.	Chrysopeleiinae	Cosmopterigidae
parent taxon	Devia is a genus of Iridaceae first described in 1990.	Devia	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Abrus is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae and the only genus found in the tribe Abreae.	Abrus	Abreae
parent taxon	Entovalva nhatrangensis is a species of small marine bivalve mollusc in the family Lasaeidae.	Entovalva nhatrangensis	Lasaeidae
parent taxon	The Nubian bustard (Neotis nuba) is a species of bird in the bustard family.	Nubian bustard	Neotis
parent taxon	The Curacao myotis (Myotis nesopolus) is a species of vesper bat (family Vespertilionidae).	Curacao myotis	Myotis
parent taxon	The ``Corvida'' were one of two ``parvorders'' contained within the suborder Passeri, as proposed in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy, the other being Passerida.	Corvida	Passeri
parent taxon	Platyhelluo weiri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Platyhelluo.	Platyhelluo	Carabidae
parent taxon	It was renamed Ponerosteus exogyrarum (species name amended) by George Olshevsky in 2000; however, the taxon is considered a nomen dubium by most, as the type material is extremely poor, being apparently an internal cast of a tibia from an animal that may or may not be a dinosaur.	Ponerosteus	dinosaur
parent taxon	Zug's monitor (Varanus zugorum), also known as the silver monitor, is a species of monitor lizard found on the island of Halmahera in the Moluccas.	Varanus zugorum	monitor lizard
parent taxon	Tecticrater is a genus of very small deepwater limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lepetellidae.	Tecticrater	Lepetellidae
parent taxon	Dollfus' stargazer (Uranoscopus dollfusi) is a fish of the family Uranoscopidae, widespread in the Western Indian Ocean:	Dollfus' stargazer	Uranoscopus
parent taxon	Sulcacis is a genus of tree-fungus beetles in the family Ciidae.	Sulcacis	Ciidae
parent taxon	Candiru virus (CDUV) is a species in the genus Phlebovirus.	Candiru virus	Phlebovirus
parent taxon	The Hartlaub's duck (Pteronetta hartlaubii) is a dark chestnut-coloured duck of African forests.	Hartlaub's duck	Pteronetta
parent taxon	Miomantinae is a subfamily of insects Mantodea the family Mantidae.	Miomantinae	Mantidae
parent taxon	The Kroombit tinker frog or Pleione's torrent frog (Taudactylus pleione) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.	Kroombit tinker frog	Taudactylus
parent taxon	The family Anniellidae, known as American legless lizards, contains six species in a single genus Anniella:	American legless lizard	Anniellidae
parent taxon	The Wyoming toad or Baxter's toad (Anaxyrus baxteri, formerly Bufo baxteri) is an extremely rare amphibian that exists only in captivity and within Mortenson Lake National Wildlife Refuge in Wyoming in the United States.	Wyoming toad	Anaxyrus
parent taxon	Hericium is a genus of edible mushrooms in the Hericiaceae family.	Hericium	Hericiaceae
parent taxon	Paramiella is a genus of land snails with gills and an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Neocyclotidae.	Paramiella	Neocyclotidae
parent taxon	Oweniidae is a family of marine polychaete worms in the suborder Sabellida.	Oweniidae	Sabellida
parent taxon	Bougainville's skink (Lerista bougainvillii) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.	Bougainville's skink	Lerista
parent taxon	Otothyrinae is a subfamily of South American catfishes order Siluriformes of the family Loricariidae.	Otothyrinae	Loricariidae
parent taxon	The Minahassa pipistrelle (Pipistrellus minahassae) is a species of vesper bat.	Minahassa pipistrelle	Pipistrellus
parent taxon	The Huanchaca mouse (Juscelinomys huanchacae) is a rodent species in the family Cricetidae.	Huanchaca mouse	Juscelinomys
parent taxon	Valvata is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.	Valvata	Valvatidae
parent taxon	Bromus is part of the cool-season grass lineage (subfamily Pooideae), which includes about 3300 species.	Bromus	Pooideae
parent taxon	Belgrandiella is a genus of minute freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Belgrandiella	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Horvathinia is a small genus in the family Belostomatidae, and the only genus in its subfamily.	Horvathinia	Belostomatidae
parent taxon	Paradnatoceras is included in the Orthocerida according to Sepkoski (2002).	Paradnatoceras	Orthocerida
parent taxon	The Slender whiting, Sillago attenuata, is a poorly known species of inshore marine fish of the smelt whiting family, Sillaginidae that has a distribution limited to the Persian Gulf only.	Slender whiting	Sillago
parent taxon	The Zacatecan deer mouse, or southern rock deermouse (Peromyscus difficilis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Zacatecan deer mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	Dictyaster is a small genus of starfish in the family Echinasteridae in the order Spinulosida.	Dictyaster	Echinasteridae
parent taxon	Altingiaceae, a small family of flowering plants in the order Saxifragales, are wind-pollinated trees that produce hard, woody fruits containing numerous seeds.	Altingiaceae	Saxifragales
parent taxon	The Ozark minnow (Notropis nubilus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Notropis.	Ozark minnow	Notropis
parent taxon	Cercocarpus, commonly known as mountain mahogany, is a small genus of five or six species of nitrogen-fixing flowering plants in the rose family, Rosaceae.	Cercocarpus	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Kryoryctes is a genus of prehistoric monotreme mammal from the Early Cretaceous (Albian) Eumeralla Formation of Victoria, Australia, from the Otway Group of Dinosaur Cove.	Kryoryctes	monotreme
parent taxon	The Luzon montane forest mouse (Apomys datae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae, from the genus Apomys.	Luzon montane forest mouse	Apomys
parent taxon	Adelaide's warbler (Setophaga adelaidae) is a bird endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico belonging to the Setophaga genus of the Parulidae family.	Adelaide's warbler	Setophaga
parent taxon	Coenothecalia (also known as Helioporacea) is an order of the subclass Octocorallia that forms massive lobed crystalline calcareous skeletons in colonial corals.	Coenothecalia	Octocorallia
parent taxon	The Cabanis's bunting (Emberiza cabanisi) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.	Cabanis's bunting	Emberiza
parent taxon	The Carbonera pupfish, also Perrito de carbonera, (Cyprinodon fontinalis) is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Carbonera pupfish	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	Amphipterygium is a small genus in the subfamily Anacardioideae of the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae.	Amphipterygium	Anacardiaceae
parent taxon	The Solomon's naked-backed fruit bat (Dobsonia inermis) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Solomon's naked-backed fruit bat	Dobsonia
parent taxon	Randall's frogfish or Antennarius randalli, is a marine fish belonging to the family Antennariidae.	Randall's frogfish	Antennarius
parent taxon	The Chinese high fin banded shark (Myxocyprinus asiaticus) is a popular freshwater aquarium fish that belongs to the Catostomidae family.	Chinese high fin banded shark	Myxocyprinus
parent taxon	Shinkaia crosnieri is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Munidopsidae.	Shinkaia	Munidopsidae
parent taxon	A well known system that did recognize the order was the Cronquist system (1981) which placed the order in subclass Rosidae and used this circumscription: order Euphorbiales family Buxaceae family Simmondsiaceae family Euphorbiaceae (more broadly defined than in the APG II and III systems) family Pandaceae	Euphorbiales	Rosidae
parent taxon	The San Bruno elfin butterfly (Callophrys mossii bayensis or Incisalia mossii bayensis) is a U.S. Federally listed endangered subspecies that inhabits rocky outcrops and cliffs in coastal scrub on the San Francisco Peninsula, endemic to this habitat in California.	San Bruno elfin butterfly	Callophrys mossii
parent taxon	Cephalomappa is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1874.	Cephalomappa	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Carinaria is a genus of medium-sized floating sea snails, pelagic gastropod molluscs in the family Carinariidae.	Carinaria	Carinariidae
parent taxon	Mesonauta is part of the family Cichlidae and is included in subfamily Cichlasomatinae.	Mesonauta	Cichlidae
parent taxon	Pseudophlocteis vidua is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pseudophlocteis.	Pseudophlocteis	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Chiloé wigeon (Anas sibilatrix), also known as the southern wigeon, is one of three extant species of wigeon in the genus Anas of the dabbling duck subfamily.	Chiloé wigeon	Anas
parent taxon	Amana edulis (formerly Tulipa edulis) is a flowering bulb that is native to China, Japan, and Korea.	Amana edulis	Tulipa
parent taxon	The Inagua slider (Trachemys stejnegeri malonei) is a subspecies of the Central Antillean slider.	Inagua slider	Trachemys stejnegeri
parent taxon	Molopinus pilipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Molopinus.	Molopinus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Perissodonta is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Struthiolariidae, the ostrich-foot snails.	Perissodonta	Struthiolariidae
parent taxon	The extinct penguin genus Pseudaptenodytes contains the type species P. macraei; smaller bones have been assigned to P. minor, although it is not certain whether they are really from a different species or simply of younger individuals; both taxa are known by an insufficient selection of bones.	Pseudaptenodytes	penguin
parent taxon	The Dasycerinae are a subfamily of the Staphylinidae (Coleoptera) rove beetles.	Dasycerinae	Staphylinidae
parent taxon	Longimornis robustirostrata is an extinct genus and species of bird in the old world oriole family.	Longimornis	oriole
parent taxon	Teleoceras is an extinct genus of grazing rhinoceros.	Teleoceras	rhinoceros
parent taxon	Caviinae is a subfamily uniting all living members of the family Caviidae with the exception of the maras, capybaras, and Kerodon.	Caviinae	Caviidae
parent taxon	Pterogmus rufipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pterogmus.	Pterogmus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pentaschistis is a genus of grass in the Poaceae family.	Pentaschistis	Poaceae
parent taxon	The Comoros thrush (Turdus bewsheri) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Comoros thrush	Turdus
parent taxon	The Ear-spot squirrel (Callosciurus adamsi) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Ear-spot squirrel	Callosciurus
parent taxon	Trichoglottis, abbreviated Trgl in horticultural trade, is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae.	Trichoglottis	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	The Namaqua dwarf chameleon or the Western dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion occidentale) occurs in beach vegetation, along the west coast of South Africa and Namibia.	Namaqua dwarf chameleon	Bradypodion
parent taxon	The Moluccan dwarf kingfisher (Ceyx lepidus), is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae that is endemic to the Maluku Islands.	Moluccan dwarf kingfisher	Ceyx
parent taxon	The Ceropalinae are a subfamily of the Pompilidae, the spider wasps, containing two genera, whose members are kleptoparasitic on other solitary wasps which hunt spiders, mainly fellow members of the Pompilidae.	Ceropalinae	Pompilidae
parent taxon	The Choanoceratidae is a small, mono-generic, family of extinct nautiloid cephalopods in the order Orthocerida that lived in what would be Europe during the middle Silurian from 428.2--426.2 mya, existing for approximately 2 million years.	Choanoceratidae	Orthocerida
parent taxon	Brodiaeoideae are a monocot subfamily of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, order Asparagales.	Brodiaeoideae	Asparagaceae
parent taxon	Liniaxis is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the subfamily Coralliophilinae, the coral snails, within the family Muricidae, the murex snails and rock snails.	Liniaxis	Muricidae
parent taxon	The Tacarcuna bat (Lasiurus castaneus) is a species of vesper bat.	Tacarcuna bat	Lasiurus
parent taxon	The Talaud rail (Gymnocrex talaudensis) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Talaud rail	Gymnocrex
parent taxon	The Micropezidae are a moderate-sized family of acalyptrate muscoid flies in the insect order Diptera, comprising about 500 species in about 50 genera and five subfamilies worldwide, (except New Zealand and Macquarie Island).	Micropezidae	Diptera
parent taxon	Notiokasis chaudoiri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Notiokasis.	Notiokasis	Carabidae
parent taxon	Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba) is a species of krill found in the Antarctic waters of the Southern Ocean.	Antarctic krill	Euphausia
parent taxon	Rabidosaurus is an extinct genus of large herbivorous dicynodont of the family Kannemeyeriidae from Russia.	Rabidosaurus	Kannemeyeriidae
parent taxon	Protortalotrypeta is a monotypic genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.	Protortalotrypeta	Tephritidae
parent taxon	Leptosidia is a genus of moth in the Simeon Geometridae.	Leptosidia	Geometridae
participant of	Per Kinde (14 April 1887 -- 1 July 1924) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Per Kinde	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Olga Törös (4 August 1914 -- 16 February 2015) was a Hungarian gymnast who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, where she won a bronze medal in the women's team competition.	Olga Törös	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vicente Ramos Cecilio (born March 18, 1947 in Ciudad Rodrigo, Salamanca, Spain) is a former basketball player from Spain, who competed at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.	Vicente Ramos Cecilio	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alfonso García (born 1906 in Mexico City - date of death unknown) was a Mexican sprinter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Alfonso García	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Nowill (born 15 June 1979) is an Australian long-distance runner who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Peter Nowill	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jan Schnider (born January 7, 1983 in Oensingen) is a beach volleyball player from Switzerland, who with his team mate Martin Laciga is representing his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing, China.	Jan Schnider	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Julian Kwit (born December 1, 1983 in Wałbrzych) is a Polish Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Julian Kwit	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rolando Chilavert was part of the Paraguay national football team that competed in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.	Rolando Chilavert	1986 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Maria Cioncan (June 19, 1977 -- January 21, 2007) was a middle distance runner from Romania, best known for winning a bronze medal in the 1500 metres event at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Maria Cioncan	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josef Streb (born 16 April 1912, date of death unknown) was a German footballer who participated at the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Josef Streb	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Elina Born (born 29 June 1994) is an Estonian singer who represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 along with Stig Rästa with the song ``Goodbye to Yesterday''.	Elina Born	Eurovision Song Contest 2015
participant of	Yekaterina Lisina (born October 15, 1987), is a Russian basketball player who competed for the Russian National Team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal.	Yekaterina Lisina	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexis Valido Moreno (born March 9, 1976 in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a Spanish volleyball player who represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Alexis Valido	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	M. Oskar Quarg (born September 15, 1887, date of death unknown) was a German athlete, who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London.	Oskar Quarg	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eva Hagenbäumer (born January 5, 1967 in Wiesbaden, Hessen) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the national squad that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Eva Hagenbäumer	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wolfgang Nordwig (born 27 August 1943) is a former East German pole vaulter who won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics with a clearance of 5.50 m (18 ft 01⁄2 in).	Wolfgang Nordwig	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nami Miyazaki (Japanese: 宮崎奈美; born April 13, 1976) is a field hockey international goalkeeper from Japan, who was a member of the national women's team that competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Nami Miyazaki	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Xia Ye (Chinese: 夏晔, born 15 June 1980) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Xia Ye	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Antônio Carlos Moreno (born 11 June 1948) is a Brazilian former volleyball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Antônio Carlos Moreno	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	José David Mosquera Mosquera (born October 7, 1983 in Carepa, Antioquia) is a boxer from Colombia, who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native South American country.	José David Mosquera	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Laureano Ramírez Padilla (born December 24, 1965 in San Pedro de Macorís) is a retired Dominican boxer, who represented his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles in the Men's Flyweight division.	Laureano Ramírez	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Amy Sannes (born 3 Feb 1977 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an Olympic speed skater who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics, 2002 Winter Olympics and 2006 Winter Olympics.	Amy Sannes	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	František Maxa (born 13 February 1923) is a Czech former sport shooter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	František Maxa	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nandor Sabo Paloc (February 19, 1960) is a former wrestler who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia and in the 1992 Summer Olympics as an Independent Olympic participant.	Nandor Sabo	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	André Mourlon (9 October 1903 -- 31 July 1970) was a French sprinter who competed at the 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics in the 100 m, 200 m and 4×100 metre relay.	André Mourlon	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Duje Draganja (pronounced (ˈdujɛ ˈdraɡaɲa); born 27 February 1983) is a retired Croatian swimmer who won the silver medal in men's 50 metres freestyle race at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Duje Draganja	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carroll Morgan (born October 3, 1947 in Antigonish, Nova Scotia) is a former heavyweight boxer from Canada, who represented his native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Carroll Morgan	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Galin Georgiev (Bulgarian: Галин Георгиев, born 6 August 1969) is a retired Bulgarian triple jumper, best known for placing seventh at the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Galin Georgiev	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charles Delelienne (born ?) was a Belgian field hockey player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Charles Delelienne	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lucas Sang (12 February 1961 -- 1 January 2008) was a Kenyan athlete who participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics, held in Seoul.	Lucas Sang	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Salem Ould Habib (born 6 April 1964) is a Mauritanian freestyle wrestler Habib competed for Mauritania at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the 74 kg freestyle wrestling event, he lost both opening group matches so didn't advance to the next round.	Salem Ould Habib	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ruth Aguilar Fulgencio (born 3 February 1975) is a Spanish Paralympic athletics competitor who has represented Spain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Ruth Aguilar Fulgencio	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Sommer West (born April 24, 1978 in Houston, Texas and raised in Bowmanville, Ontario) was a Canadian Olympic softball player at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Sommer West	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vyacheslav Skomorokhov (4 October 1940 -- 1994) was an Ukrainian athlete who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Vyacheslav Skomorokhov	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karin Seick (born 11 November 1961 in Winsen an der Luhe) is a German former swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Karin Seick	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aleksandr Leonov (Russian: Александр Леонов; born July 17, 1978 in Moscow) is a boxer from Russia, who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Aleksandr Leonov	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sebsibe Mamo is an Ethiopian former athlete who competed mainly in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.	Sebsibe Mamo	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Judd Bankert (born September 9, 1949) is a former biathlete who represented Guam at the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Judd Bankert	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Karel Paulus (January 3, 1933 -- October 31, 2003) was a Czech volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Karel Paulus	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kirill Zinovyev (born February 22, 1979) is a Kazakhstani goaltender who was the third string goalie for the Kazakhstan men's national ice hockey team in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Kirill Zinovyev	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Egon Schein (20 January 1912 in Kiel -- 14 February 1977 in Hamburg) was a German athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Egon Schein	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henning Clausen (born 16 October 1939) is a Danish former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Henning Clausen	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tilak Ram Tharu (Nepali: तिलकराम थारु) (born 10 April 1993 in Narayani Zone) is a Nepalese track and field athlete who represented Nepal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 100 metres.	Tilak Ram Tharu	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arthur Qvist (17 February 1896 -- 20 September 1973) was a Norwegian horse rider who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Arthur Qvist	1928 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vadim Yaroshchuk (Russian: Вадим Ярощук) (born April 2, 1966) is a former butterfly and medley swimmer from the Soviet Union, who won two bronze medals at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Vadim Yaroshchuk	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Hong Wei competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics he was a part of the unsuccessful Chinese T42-46 relay team and competed in the long jump as well as winning bronze in the F46 triple jump.	Zhang Hong Wei	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Karel Heijting (born May 1, 1883 in Koetoardjo, Central Java, Dutch East Indies - died August, 1951 in Paris, France) was a Dutch football (soccer) player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Karel Heijting	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Suzie Muirhead (born Suzie Ngaire Pearce, 10 April 1975 in Whangarei, New Zealand) is a field hockey defender who was a member of the New Zealand team which finished sixth at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Suzie Muirhead	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lois Stephens (born March 27, 1923) is an American former equestrian who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Lois Stephens	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Kinsela (born 27 May 1950) is an Australian former indigenous wrestler who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	John Kinsela	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jorge Payá Rodríguez (born July 10, 1963 in Manresa, Catalonia) is a former water polo player from Spain, who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Jorge Payá	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kim Probst (born 6 March 1981) is an American synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kim Probst	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Raisa Kurvyakova (born 15 September 1945 in Gorno-Ulbinka, Kazakhstan) is an Ukrainian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Raisa Kurvyakova	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Harald Heinke (born 15 May 1955 in Eilenburg) is a German former judoka who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Harald Heinke	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michaela Michalopoulou (born 20 April 1980) is a Greek handball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Michaela Michalopoulou	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Abdelkader Chékhémani (born 18 July 1971 in Barentin) is a French former middle distance runner who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Abdelkader Chékhémani	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Harting (2 February 1926 -- 8 July 2004) was a Dutch middle-distance runner who competed in the 1500 m event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Hans Harting	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Julius Körner (born April 2, 1870 -- died ?) was a German rower who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Julius Körner	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	M.J. Hans Taihuttu (born 1909, date of death unknown) was an Indonesian football forward who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	M.J. Hans Taihuttu	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Shingo Kawabata (born 15 May 1978) is a Japanese former sprinter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Shingo Kawabata	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karen Nystrom (born June 17, 1969) was a member of the 1998 Canadian National women's team that participated in ice hockey at the 1998 Winter Olympics.	Karen Nystrom	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	Márta Megyeri (née Pacsai, born August 29, 1952 in Dorog) is a former Hungarian handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, where she won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team.	Márta Megyeri	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gunnel Johansson (12 August 1922 -- 7 May 2013) was a Swedish artistic gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Gunnel Johansson	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giovanni Kasebacher (born December 13, 1910 -- date of death unknown) was an Italian cross-country skier who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics.	Giovanni Kasebacher	1936 Winter Olympics
participant of	Gary di Silvestri (born February 3, 1967 in Staten Island, United States) is a cross-country skier who competed for Dominica at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the 15 kilometre classical race.	Gary di Silvestri	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Brixx was a Danish pop group which represented Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, with the song ``Video, Video''.	Brixx	Eurovision Song Contest 1982
participant of	Rob Denton (November 20, 1907 -- August 12, 1997) was an American soccer goalkeeper who was a member of the United States soccer team at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Rob Denton	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eilert Bøhm (born July 17, 1900 - February 1, 1982) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Eilert Bøhm	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dolly Shefali (Bengali: ডলি শেফালী) is a Bangladeshi national women Kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games.	Dolly Shefali	2010 Asian Games
participant of	Dino Kessler (born December 23, 1966) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for EHC Basel in Switzerland's National League B. Kessler has participated as a member of the Swiss national team in numerous international tournaments, including the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Dino Kessler	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kaeo Pongprayoon (Thai: แก้ว พงษ์ประยูร; rtgs: Kaeo Phongprayun; pronounced (kɛ̂ːw pʰōŋ.prà.jūːn); born 28 March 1980 in Kamphaeng Phet) is a Thai amateur boxer who won a silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and a sergeant in the Royal Thai Army.	Kaeo Pongprayoon	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Achim Hill (April 1, 1935 -- August 4, 2015) was a German rower who competed for the Unified Team of Germany in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics and for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Achim Hill	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Helma Lehmann (born June 23, 1953) is a German rower who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics representing East Germany.	Helma Lehmann	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ken Doubleday (born 14 February 1926 - 8 June 2014 ) is an Australian former hurdler and triple jumper who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Ken Doubleday	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johan Hübner von Holst (22 August 1881 -- 13 June 1945) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed at the 1906, 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics.	Johan Hübner von Holst	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Despoina Solomou (born 18 August 1990) is a Greek synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Despoina Solomou	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Otar Tushishvili (born 14 June 1978 in Gori) is a Georgian wrestler, who has won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Otar Tushishvili	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thoralf Sandaker (born 4 May 1923) is a Norwegian former rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Thoralf Sandaker	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Patrick Kühl (born March 26, 1968 in Güstrow, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a former medley swimmer from East Germany, who won the silver medal in the 200 m individual medley for the GDR at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Patrick Kühl	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrea Šušnjara (born 26 February 1987) is a Croatian singer who was the Croatian entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009.	Andrea Šušnjara	Eurovision Song Contest 2009
participant of	Eugen Rupf was a Swiss footballer who played for Switzerland in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Eugen Rupf	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Vadim Kaptur (born 12 July 1987) is a Belarusian diver who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Vadim Kaptur	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anna Bacchiega (born 18 July 1957) is an Italian yacht racer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Anna Bacchiega	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Julia Müller (born 10 December 1985) is a German field hockey national team player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Julia Müller	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Igor Grivennikov (born 11 July 1952) is a Russian former swimmer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and won a silver in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.	Igor Grivennikov	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ahmed Elmaghraby (born April 26, 1968 in Suez, Egypt) is a former field hockey forward who finished twelfth with the United States men's national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Ahmed Elmaghraby	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sheree Horvath (born 7 April 1980) is a New Zealand field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Sheree Horvath	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	František Šulc (born June 8, 1950) is a Czech former handball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	František Šulc	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aleksandr Sychyov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Сычёв; born October 10, 1959) is a retired field hockey player from Russia, who won the bronze medal with the Men's National Field Hockey Team from the Soviet Union at the boycotted 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Aleksandr Sychyov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maria Liku (born in Levuka on 27 April 1990) is a Fijian weightlifter who represented Fiji at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Maria Liku	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Helga Németh (born August 7, 1973 in Nagykanizsa) is a Hungarian handball player who has won the bronze medal with the Hungarian team on the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Helga Németh	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan Carlos Masnik (born 2 March 1943) is a former Uruguayan football player and manager, who represented his country at the 1974 FIFA World Cup in Germany.	Juan Carlos Masnik	1974 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Guillermo Geary (born July 18, 1926) represented Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, he was entered in the 200 m, he finished third in his heat and failed to advance.	Guillermo Geary	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karami also won gold in the 2006 Asian Games in 84 kg and in the 2010 Asian Games in 87 kg. Yousef Karami was titled as the most talented sportsman in Taekwondo by the Korea head coach due to his brilliant performance in the 2003 world championship, where he astonished everyone.	Yousef Karami	2006 Asian Games	2010 Asian Games
participant of	Timofey Skryabin (born November 14, 1967 in Bălți, Moldovan SSR) is a retired boxer from the former Soviet Union, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Timofey Skryabin	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vardan Zakaryan is a German amateur boxer of Armenian descent who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics at Flyweight.	Vardan Zakaryan	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Philippe Hardy (5 July 1954 -- 1984) was a French alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Philippe Hardy	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Sürpriz were a six-member German-Turkish musical group, consisting of Cihan Özden, Deniz Filizmen, Yasemin Akkar, Filiz Zeyno, Savaş Uçar and Bülent Ural, known for their participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999.	Sürpriz	Eurovision Song Contest 1999
participant of	Jennifer Heil won the first gold medal for Canada in the 2006 Winter Olympics games in Turin, Italy and a silver medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, which was also Canada's first medal in those games.	Jennifer Heil	2006 Winter Olympics	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ralph Mecredy (12 July 1888 -- 1968) was an Irish cyclist who competed for Great Britain in two events at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.	Ralph Mecredy	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emil Oberle (November 16, 1889 in Karlsruhe -- December 25, 1955 in Karlsruhe) was a German amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Emil Oberle	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karin Rutz-Gießelmann (born 16 January 1948) is a German fencer who competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics in foil events; her teams finished in fifth and fourth place, respectively.	Karin Rutz-Gießelmann	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kwon Hyuk (Hangul: 권혁; hanja: 權赫; born November 6, 1983 in Daegu, South Korea) is a baseball player from South Korea who won a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kwon Hyuk	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Oleksandr Kaydash (born 30 May 1976) is an Ukrainian former athlete who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Oleksandr Kaydash	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Iacob Felecan (1 January 1914 -- 1964) was a Romanian football who played for Romania in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Iacob Felecan	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Saroj Maharjan (Nepali: सरोज महर्जन, born 23 February 1990) is an extra lightweight Nepalese judoka who won Gold at the Ninth South Asian Judo Championship and represented Nepal in the 2009 Asian Martial Arts Games (details), 2011 World Judo Championships (details) and 2014 Asian Games (details).	Saroj Maharjan	2014 Asian Games
participant of	Fiona Iredale (born 1 December 1967) is a former Olympic athlete from Dundee, Scotland who represented New Zealand in Women's Heavyweight Judo at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Fiona Iredale	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yukari Kawase (Japanese: 川瀬 ゆかり; born March 2, 1967) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Yukari Kawase	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tetsutaro Namae (Japanese: 生江哲太郎, born 1909) is a Japanese diver who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Tetsutaro Namae	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paul Staub was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and was the part of the Swiss Team which won a Gold Medal in 1920 Antwerp in coxed fours.	Paul Staub	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fabrice Colas (born 21 July 1964) is a retired French track cyclist who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, winning a bronze medal in the 1000 metres time trial.	Fabrice Colas	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tyler Bjorn (born 13 March 1970) is a Canadian former yacht racer who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Tyler Bjorn	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Spiro Debarski (Bulgarian: Спиро Дебърски; born 8 December 1933 in Blagoevgrad) is a former Bulgarian footballer who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Spiro Debarski	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edward Scrobe (born January 26, 1923) is an American former artistic gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Edward Scrobe	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jerzy Hewelt (born 23 August 1948 in Trzebież Szczeciński) is a Polish former hurdler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Jerzy Hewelt	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Per August Gustafsson (4 November 1875 -- 31 October 1938) was a Swedish policeman who won a gold medal in the tug of war competition at the 1912 Summer Olympics.	August Gustafsson	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Margaret Hoffman (June 19, 1911 -- March 25, 1991) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1928 Summer Olympics and 1932 Summer Olympics.	Margaret Hoffman	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georges Speicher (pronounced: (ʒɔʁʒ spɛ.ʃe); 8 June 1907 -- 24 January 1978) was a French cyclist who won the 1933 Tour de France along with three stage wins, and the 1933 World Cycling Championship.	Georges Speicher	Tour de France
participant of	Fidel Ortiz Tovar, also known as Fidelón (10 October 1908 -- 9 September 1975) was a Mexican boxer who represented his country in the 1928 and 1936 Summer Olympics.	Fidel Ortiz	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jure Natek (born 30 March 1982) is a Slovenian handball player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Jure Natek	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marcel Godivier (Versailles, 17 January 1887 -- Dreux, 9 February 1963) was a French professional road bicycle racer., who won two stages in the 1911 Tour de France, and finished in the top 10 of the overall classification twice.	Marcel Godivier	Tour de France
participant of	Nicolas Bochatay (August 27, 1964 -- February 22, 1992) was a Swiss speed skier who died during the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Nicolas Bochatay	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ahmed Masbahi (born 17 January 1966) is a Moroccan former footballer who played at international level, competing at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.	Ahmed Masbahi	1994 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Gerrit Solleveld (De Lier, 8 June 1961) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer, who won two stages in the Tour de France.	Gerrit Solleveld	Tour de France
performer	``Fantasy Is Reality'' is a song recorded by the funk band Parliament.	Fantasy Is Reality	Parliament
performer	``London Girls'' is a song by Chas & Dave off the album Joblot, which was released as a single on 13 February 1983 and entered the UK Singles Chart at #99.	London Girls	Chas & Dave
place of death	Hermann Berghaus (born Herford, Westphalia, 16 November 1828; died Gotha, 3 December 1890) was a German cartographer.	Hermann Berghaus	Gotha
place of death	Helmut Leicht was listed as missing in action as of 26 June 1944 after a flight near Vitebsk, Belarus.	Helmut Leicht	Vitebsk
place of death	Illés Spitz (Hungarian: Spitz Illés, Serbo-Croatian: Ilješ Špic / Иљeш Шпиц, Bulgarian/Macedonian: Илеш Шпиц) (2 February 1902, in Budapest -- 1 October 1961, in Skopje) was a Hungarian international football player and manager.	Illés Spitz	Skopje
place of death	Barney Danson was born to a Jewish family in Toronto's Parkdale neighbourhood.	Barney Danson	Toronto
place of death	Stanford Parris died from heart disease on March 27, 2010 at his home in Mathews County in eastern Virginia.	Stanford Parris	Mathews County
place of death	Pierre Roussel (1723 - 7 June 1782) was a successful but somewhat pedestrian cabinetmaker (ébéniste) of Paris.	Pierre Roussel	Paris
place of death	Lobegott Samuel Obbarius (12 December 1788, Heringen -- 29 December 1860, Rudolstadt) was a German educator and classical philologist known for his edition and examination of works by the Roman poet Horace.	Lobegott Samuel Obbarius	Rudolstadt
place of death	Raised in New York City and Port Chester, New York, Lex Barker attended the Fessenden School and graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy.	Lex Barker	New York City
place of death	Herbert Scheibe (born Hohenmölsen 28 November 1914: died Berlin 7 February 1991) was an East German Generaloberst and, between 1967 and 1972, Commanding general of the country's Airforce.	Herbert Scheibe	Berlin
place of death	Francesco Lana de Terzi (Brescia, Lombardy 1631 -- 22 February 1687 Brescia, Lombardy) was an Italian Jesuit priest, mathematician, naturalist and aeronautics pioneer.	Francesco Lana de Terzi	Brescia
place of death	Gabriele Smargiassi (1798 -- May 12, 1882) was an Italian painter and leader of the Neapolitan Academy of Arts in Naples, Italy.	Gabriele Smargiassi	Naples
place of death	Hans Jura (21 March 1921 in Vienna -- 25 November 1996 in Bad Ischl) was an Austrian cinematographer, most famous for his collaborations with the erotic film director Radley Metzger.	Hans Jura	Bad Ischl
place of death	Jules Adler (Luxeuil-les-Bains, 8 July 1865 - Nogent-sur-Marne, 11 June 1952) was a French painter, named ``le peintre des humbles'' by Louis Vauxcelles, a painter of labour, strikes and working people.	Jules Adler	Nogent-sur-Marne
place of death	Aziz El-Shawan (b. Cairo, May 6, 1916; d. Cairo, May 14, 1993) is one of the most prominent Egyptian composers of the twentieth century.	Aziz El-Shawan	Cairo
place of death	Theodore Levitt (March 1,1925, Vollmerz, Main-Kinzig-Kreis, Germany -- June 28, 2006, Belmont, Massachusetts) was an American economist and professor at Harvard Business School.	Theodore Levitt	Belmont
place of death	Antonio Ferrigno (22 December 1863, Maiori - 12 December 1940, Salerno) was an Italian painter; best known for his landscapes and genre scenes created during a stay in Brazil.	Antonio Ferrigno	Salerno
place of death	Alfred Seifert (September 6, 1850 Praskolesy, Bohemia -- February 6, 1901, Munich, Germany), born in present day Czech Republic.	Alfred Seifert	Munich
place of death	Marcel Bezençon (1 May 1907, Orbe, Vaud, Switzerland - 17 February 1981, Lausanne, Vaud, Switzerland) was until 1970 the director of the European Broadcasting Union.	Marcel Bezençon	Lausanne
place of death	Sarah Francisco (c. 1839 -- 1 November 1916) was a resident of Adelaide, South Australia.	Sarah Francisco	Adelaide
place of death	Hans Sedlmayr (18 January 1896, in Szarvkő, Kingdom of Hungary -- 9 July 1984, in Salzburg) was an Austrian art historian.	Hans Sedlmayr	Salzburg
place of death	Pèire Godolin, whose name is often Frenchified to Pierre Goudouli, or even Pierre Goudelin was born in 1580 in Toulouse where he died on the 10 September 1649, was an Occitan poet.	Pèire Godolin	Toulouse
place of death	Fritz Dinger was killed on 27 July 1943 during an Allied bombing raid of Scalea, Italy.	Fritz Dinger	Scalea
place of death	Ragnhild Grågås (died 1510), was the person after whom the Gåsgränd in Gamla stan in Stockholm, Sweden is named.	Ragnhild Grågås	Stockholm
place of death	José Montoya (May 28, 1932 -- September 25, 2013) was a poet and an artist from Sacramento, California.	José Montoya	Sacramento
place of death	Emmanuel Charles Mast (January 7, 1889 in Paris - 30 September 1977 Clamart) was a major general who participated in the liberation of North Africa in 1942 and was Resident General of France in Tunisia between 1943 and 1947.	Charles Mast	Clamart
place of death	Herbert Witzenmann (16 February 1905, Pforzheim, Baden -- 24 September 1988, Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg) was a German philosopher and anthroposophist.	Herbert Witzenmann	Heidelberg
place of death	Otakar Sedloň (1885--1973) was a Czech realistic painter living in Prague.	Otakar Sedloň	Prague
place of death	Giacomo Albé (Viadana, Province of Mantua, July 18, 1829 - Milan, 1893) was an Italian painter, mainly of portraits.	Giacomo Albé	Milan
place of death	Joseph Späth (13 March 1823, Bozen -- 29 March 1896) was professor of obstetrics in Vienna, and from 1873 until 1886 he was director of the second obstetrical clinic at the Vienna General Hospital.	Joseph Späth	Vienna
place of death	Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich (17 September 1871 -- Ostend, 16 November 1937), was the second wife of Ernst-Ludwig, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine and the mother of his two sons.	Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich	Ostend
place of death	Jan Ariens Duif (about 1617 in Gouda -- 1649 in Gouda) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jan Ariens Duif	Gouda
place of death	Ralph Milne (13 May 1961 -- 6 September 2015) was a Scottish professional footballer whose clubs included Dundee United, Charlton Athletic, Bristol City and Manchester United.	Ralph Milne	Dundee
place of death	Antoni Kucharczyk (born August 2, 1874 in Bęczyn, Austria-Hungary (now Poland) - May 11, 1944 in Paszkówka) was a Polish poet.	Antoni Kucharczyk	Paszkówka
place of death	On their retreat through northern Italy, they were intercepted and defeated in the battle of Mediolanum (near present-day Milan) by Gallienus' army, which had advanced from Gaul, or from the Balkans after dealing with the Franks.	Gallienus	Mediolanum
place of death	Carl Heinrich Zimmermann (Frankenau, 7 September 1864 -- Hanau, 13 January 1949), was a German military officer and last commander of the Schutztruppe in German Kamerun.	Carl Heinrich Zimmermann	Hanau
place of death	Maxine Elliott (born February 5, 1868, Rockland, Maine -- died March 5, 1940, Cannes, France) was an American actress and businesswoman.	Maxine Elliott	Cannes
place of death	Reggie McNamara (born Grenfell, New South Wales, Australia, 1887, died Belleville, New Jersey, United States, October, 1970 or 1971 or 1972) was an Australian cyclist known as a roughhouse velodrome rider with a string of dramatic crashes and broken bones over 20 years.	Reggie McNamara	Belleville
place of death	Carlos Obligado (21 May 1889 in Buenos Aires -- 3 February 1949 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentinian poet, crític and writer, best known for his patriotic lyrics to the song ``Marcha de las Malvinas'' (the Argentine name for the Falklands).	Carlos Obligado	Buenos Aires
place of death	Johannes Nicolaus Furichius (1602--1633) was a Franco-German neo-latin Imperial poet laureate, pharmacist, doctor of medicine and alchemist from Strasbourg.	Johannes Nicolaus Furichius	Strasbourg
place of death	Walter Bussey (6 December 1904 -- January 1982) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Blackpool, Exeter City, Swansea Town and Stoke City.	Walter Bussey	Exeter
place of death	Gundolf Köhler (August 27, 1959 -- September 26, 1980) was a German right-wing extremist who allegedly planted a bomb at the 1980 Oktoberfest in Munich causing what is known as the 1980 Oktoberfest terror attack.	Gundolf Köhler	Munich
place of death	Angelo Morbelli (Alessandria, 1853 -- Milan, 1919) was an Italian painter of the Divisionist style.	Angelo Morbelli	Milan
place of death	Reverend Osmond Fisher (17 November 1817, Osmington, Dorset, England -- 12 July 1914, Huntingdon, England) was an English geologist and geophysicist.	Osmond Fisher	Huntingdon
place of death	Franz Pfeffer von Salomon (19 February 1888 in Düsseldorf - 12 April 1968 in Munich), also known as Franz von Pfeffer, was the first commander of the SA upon its re-establishment in 1925, following its temporary abolition in 1923 after the abortive Beer Hall Putsch.	Franz Pfeffer von Salomon	Munich
place of death	Blas de Lezo y Olavarrieta (3 February 1689 -- 7 September 1741) was a Spanish admiral best remembered for the Battle of Cartagena de Indias (1741) in modern-day Colombia, where the Spaniards resisted a siege by a combined British force under the command of Admiral Vernon.	Blas de Lezo	Cartagena
place of death	Sophie Elkan, née Salomon (3 January 1853, Gothenburg --5 April 1921, Stockholm), was a Swedish-Jewish writer and translator.	Sophie Elkan	Gothenburg
place of death	Roberto Succo (Venice, April 3, 1962 -- Vicenza, May 23, 1988) was an Italian serial killer who committed several murders and other violent crimes mostly in Italy and France in the 1980s.	Roberto Succo	Vicenza
place of death	Johann Friedrich Hennert (19 October 1733 -- 30 March 1813) was German-born and lectured in mathematics and physics at the University of Utrecht.	Johann Friedrich Hennert	Utrecht
place of death	Romolo Alzani (born 6 March 1921 in Rome; died 3 October 2002) was a professional Italian football player.	Romolo Alzani	Rome
place of death	In the early 19th century, the family business of William Banting of St. James's Street, London, was among the most eminent companies of funeral directors in Britain.	William Banting	London
place of death	Berta Zuckerkandl-Szeps, born Bertha Szeps (13 April 1864, Vienna -- 16 October 1945, Paris) was an Austrian writer, journalist, and critic.	Berta Zuckerkandl	Paris
place of death	Jules Levey (May 2, 1896, Rochester, New York City -- January 2, 1975, New York) was the producer of the Frank Buck movie Jacaré.	Jules Levey	New York City
place of death	In his early days Sharad Talwalkar worked mainly in Mumbai, Pune & Kolhapur.	Sharad Talwalkar	Pune
place of death	Orazio Fontana (1510--1571), was an Italian potter and maiolica painter, who introduced istoriato maiolica in Urbino.	Orazio Fontana	Urbino
place of death	Jean Ces (5 September 1906 in Béziers -- 25 December 1969) was a French bantamweight professional boxer who competed in the 1920s.	Jean Ces	Béziers
place of death	Émile Fabre (24 March 1869 in Metz, France -- 25 September 1955 in Paris) was a French playwright and general administrator of the Comédie-Française from 2 December 1915 to 15 October 1936.	Émile Fabre	Paris
place of death	Roland Bocquet (1878-?1945) was a British composer, pianist and teacher who for most of his career was based in the city of Dresden, and is chiefly associated with the composition of German Lieder.	Roland Bocquet	Dresden
place of death	Teodor Andrault de Langeron was the President of Warsaw.	Teodor Andrault de Langeron	Warsaw
place of death	Ida Friederike Görres (2 December 1901, Schloss Ronsperg, Bohemia -- 15 May 1971, Frankfurt am Main), born Elisabeth Friederike, Reichsgräfin Coudenhove-Kalergi, was an Austrian writer.	Ida Friederike Görres	Frankfurt
place of death	Wilhelm Kimmich (20 May 1897 Lauterbach, Baden-Württemberg -- 18 September 1986 Lauterbach), was a German painter and is considered one of the most important Black Forest painters of the 20th century.	Wilhelm Kimmich	Lauterbach
place of death	Charles d'Orléans de Rothelin (5 August 1691, Paris -- 17 July 1744) was a French churchman, writer, scholar, numismatist and theologian.	Charles d'Orléans de Rothelin	Paris
place of death	Hugó Veigelsberg (2 November 1869, Pest -- August 3, 1949, Budapest) was a noted Hungarian editor and writer who usually published under the pen name Ignotus (Latin for ``unknown'').	Ignotus	Budapest
place of death	Bruno Padulazzi (September 3, 1927 in Lesa -- February 27, 2005 in Lesa) was an Italian professional football player.	Bruno Padulazzi	Lesa
place of death	Reynier Covyn (1632, Antwerp -- 1681, Dordrecht), was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter.	Reynier Covyn	Dordrecht
place of death	Forby Leonard Skinner (January 11, 1933 -- September 20, 2010) was an American high school gym teacher, basketball coach, realtor, and bar owner from Jacksonville, Florida.	Leonard Skinner	Jacksonville
place of death	Erwin Faber (21 July 1891 -- 4 May 1989) was a leading actor in Munich and later throughout Germany, beginning after World War I, and through the late-1970s, when he was still performing at the Residenz Theatre (The National Theatre of Bavaria).	Erwin Faber	Munich
place of death	Franciszek Wróblewski (26 March 1789 in Vilnius - 28 April 1857 in Vilnius) was a Polish szlachcic and a Doctor of Medicine and Surgery operating in Wilno (Vilnius).	Franciszek Wróblewski	Vilnius
place of death	Augustinus Triumphus (1243, Ancona -- 1328, Naples), also known as Augustinus of Ancona or Agostino Trionfo, was a Hermit of St. Augustine and writer.	Augustinus Triumphus	Naples
place of death	Jean Pliya born on July 21, 1931 in Djougou, Benin and died on May 14, 2015 in Abidjan, Ivory Coast is a beninese playwright and short story writer.	Jean Pliya	Abidjan
place of death	James McGill (October 6, 1744 -- December 19, 1813) was a British businessman and philanthropist best known for being the founder of McGill University, Montreal.	James McGill	Montreal
place of death	Ethem Necdet Karabudak (1882; Çal - July 13, 1946; Denizli) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and of the Turkish Army.	Ethem Necdet Karabudak	Denizli
place of death	Johnny Buckley is a legendary Irish boxing manager and promoter from Boston, Massachusetts mostly during the first half of the 20th century who has handled some of the most famous boxers in the world including 3 World Champions.	Johnny Buckley	Boston
place of death	Cavalier Angelo Donati (February 3, 1885 -- December 30, 1960) was a Jewish Italian banker and philanthropist, and a diplomat of San Marino Republic in Paris.	Angelo Donati	Paris
place of death	Émile Veinante (12 June 1907 in Metz -- 18 November 1983 in Dury, Somme) was a French footballer and coach.	Émile Veinante	Dury
place of death	Friedrich Wührer (born June 29, 1900, in Vienna; died December 27, 1975, in Mannheim) was an Austrian-German pianist and piano pedagogue.	Friedrich Wührer	Mannheim
place of death	Woodrow R. Thompson (1919--1942) was a United States Marine Corps sergeant who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II.	Woodrow R. Thompson	Guadalcanal
place of death	Hans Herter (8 June 1899 -- 7 November 1984) was a German Classical philologist who was for many years Director of the Rheinischen Museum für Philologie, Bonn.	Hans Herter	Bonn
place of death	Stasys Šimkus (23 January 1887, Motiškiai, now in Jurbarkas district municipality -- 15 October 1943, Kaunas) was a Lithuanian composer.	Stasys Šimkus	Kaunas
place of death	Jules Richard (12 August 1862, Blet, Département Cher, -- 14 October 1956, Châteauroux, Département Indre) was a French mathematician.	Jules Richard	Châteauroux
place of death	Léon de Berluc-Pérussis (14 June 1835, Apt, Vaucluse -- 2 December 1902, Aix-en-Provence) was a French poet and historian in French and Provençal.	Léon de Berluc-Pérussis	Aix-en-Provence
place of death	Édouard Placide Duchassaing de Fontbressin (1819 in Moule, Guadeloupe -- 1873 in Périgueux) was a French naturalist.	Édouard Placide Duchassaing de Fontbressin	Périgueux
place of death	Father Petar Perica (27 June 1881, in Kotišina near Makarska -- 25 October 1944, in Daksa) was a Croatian Roman Catholic Jesuit priest.	Petar Perica	Daksa
place of death	Rudolf Höber (27 December 1873 in Stettin, Germany -- 5 September 1953 in Philadelphia, USA) was a German physician-investigator in the late 19th and early 20th century.	Rudolf Höber	Philadelphia
place of death	Charles Ducasse, known in Spain as Carlos Ducasse (1 May 1932 in Saint-Jean de Luz -- 26 October 1983 in Bayonne) was a French footballer.	Charles Ducasse	Bayonne
place of death	Andreas Hagl was murdered by Italian partisans on 28 July 1944 near San Vito di Leguzzano, Italy.	Andreas Hagl	San Vito di Leguzzano
place of death	Jill Costello was born in San Francisco, California to mother Mary Costello and father Jim Costello.	Jill Costello	San Francisco
place of death	Giovanni Giacomo Di Conforto or Giovanni Giacomo Conforto (1569 -- Naples, June 1630) was an Italian architect and engineer, active mainly in Naples, Italy, in a late Mannerist style.	Giovanni Giacomo Di Conforto	Naples
place of death	Arif Heralić (5 May 1922 -- 17 June 1971) was a Bosnian Roma metal worker on a blast furnace in Zenica.	Arif Heralić	Zenica
place of death	Albert Krebs (3 March 1899 in Amorbach -- 26 June 1974 in Hamburg) was the Nazi Gauleiter in Hamburg in the time of the Third Reich.	Albert Krebs	Hamburg
place of death	Johann Caspar Horner (Zürich, 12 March 1774 -- Zürich, 3 November 1834) was a Swiss physicist, mathematician and astronomer.	Johann Caspar Horner	Zürich
place of death	Miguel Ángel López Velasco, also known by his pen name Milo Vera, (1956 -- 20 June 2011), was a veteran Mexican journalist for the Notiver newspaper in Veracruz, Mexico, where he wrote a column about crime, law and security in his locality.	Miguel Ángel López Velasco	Veracruz
place of death	Ernest Guglielminetti (born November 23, 1862, Brig-Glis; died February 20, 1943, Geneva) was a Swiss medical doctor.	Ernest Guglielminetti	Geneva
place of death	Margarethe Faas-Hardegger (20 February 1882 in Bern -- 23 September 1963 in Minusio) was a Swiss women's rights activist, trade unionist and the leading figure of the Swiss women workers' movement at the beginning of the 20th century.	Margarethe Faas-Hardegger	Minusio
place of death	Karl Schröder II (18 December 1848, Quedlinburg -- 22 September 1935, Bremen) was a German cellist, composer and conductor, and son of violinist Karl Schröder.	Karl Schröder II	Bremen
place of death	Luca Fumagalli (born Inzago, May 29, 1837 - died Milan, June 5, 1908) was an Italian composer, pianist, and music educator.	Luca Fumagalli	Milan
place of death	Eden Smith (1858 - 10 October 1949) was born in Birmingham, England but achieved fame as a Toronto, Ontario architect belonging to the Arts and Crafts movement.	Eden Smith	Toronto
place of death	Carlo Imbonati (Milan, 1753 -- Paris, 15 March 1805) was an Italian nobleman and highbrow.	Carlo Imbonati	Paris
place of death	Inday Badiday died on September 26, 2003, from multiple organ failure due to two strokes at 59 years old, at St. Luke's Medical Center, Quezon City.	Inday Badiday	Quezon City
place of death	Petar Banićević (Serbian Cyrillic: Петар Банићевић; February 8, 1930, Nikšić, Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- September 4, 2006, Belgrade, Serbia) was a Serbian actor .	Petar Banićević	Belgrade
place of death	Hermann von Gottschall (16 October 1862, Posen -- 7 March 1933, Görlitz) was a German chess master, son of the poet Rudolf Gottschall (since 1877: von Gottschall) who was also a noted chess player.	Hermann von Gottschall	Görlitz
place of death	Alberto Camenzind (born Lugano 7 June 1914, died Astano 29 September 2004) was a Swiss architect from Ticino.	Alberto Camenzind	Astano
place of death	Nino Frank (born 27 June 1904 in Barletta, Italy − Paris, 17 August 1988) was an Italian-born French film critic and writer who was most active in the 1930s and 1940s.	Nino Frank	Paris
place of death	Christian Ingerslev Baastrup (24 January 1855 in Copenhagen -- 24 October 1950 in Copenhagen) was a Danish physician specializing in radiology.	Christian Ingerslev Baastrup	Copenhagen
place of death	Premchand was born on 31 July 1880 in Lamahi, a village located near Varanasi (Banaras).	Premchand	Varanasi
place of death	Petru Fudduni (c. 1600 in Palermo, Sicily -- March 22, 1670) was a poet who wrote predominantly in Sicilian.	Petru Fudduni	Palermo
place of death	Adam of Łowicz (also ``Adam of Bocheń'' and ``Adamus Polonus''; born in Bocheń, near Łowicz, Poland; died 7 February 1514, in Kraków, Poland) was a professor of medicine at the University of Krakow, its rector in 1510--1511, a humanist, writer and philosopher.	Adam of Łowicz	Kraków
place of death	Michael Ettmüller (May 26, 1644 -- March 9, 1683), German physician, was born at Leipzig.	Michael Ettmüller	Leipzig
place of death	Mihkel Veske (28 January (O.S. 16 January) 1843 in Holstre Parish, Viljandi County -- 16 May (O.S. 4 May) 1890 in Kazan) was an Estonian poet and linguist.	Mihkel Veske	Kazan
place of death	Robert Doisneau, a photographer at the museum, Grande Galerie de l'Évolution, Paris Paris délivré par son peuple.	Robert Doisneau	Paris Paris
place of death	Dido (/ˈdaɪdoʊ/ DY-doh) was, according to ancient Greek and Roman sources, the founder and first queen of Carthage (in modern-day Tunisia).	Dido	Carthage
place of death	Jan Šverma (March 23, 1901, Mnichovo Hradiště, Kingdom of Bohemia -- November 10, 1944, Chabenec, Low Tatras, Slovakia) was a Czechoslovak journalist, communist activist and resistance fighter against the Nazi-backed Slovak State, considered a national hero in the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic.	Jan Šverma	Low Tatras
place of death	Frances MacDonald (1873--1921) was a Scottish artist whose design work was a prominent feature of the ``Glasgow Style'' during the 1890s.	Frances MacDonald	Glasgow
place of death	Marianne Beuchert (29 May 1924 in Frankfurt-Sachsenhausen -- 9 February 2007 in Frankfurt am Main) was a Frankfurt florist, gardener and writer.	Marianne Beuchert	Frankfurt
place of death	Ernst Friedrich Zwirner was an architect born at Jakobswalde in Silesia in 1802, he died at Cologne in 1861.	Ernst Friedrich Zwirner	Cologne
place of death	Todros Geller (1 July 1889 -- 23 February 1949) was a Jewish American artist and teacher best known as a master printmaker and a leading artist among Chicago's art community.	Todros Geller	Chicago
place of death	Margaret Ringenberg (née Ray; June 17, 1921, Fort Wayne, Indiana -- July 28, 2008, Oshkosh, Wisconsin) was an American aviator, who had logged more than 40,000 hours of flying time during her career.	Margaret Ringenberg	Oshkosh
place of death	Jacques Fesch (April 6, 1930, Saint-Germain-en-Laye -- October 1, 1957, La Santé Prison, Paris) was the murderer of a French police officer, who became such a devout Roman Catholic while in prison awaiting execution that he has been proposed for canonization as a saint.	Jacques Fesch	La Santé Prison
place of death	Thomas Harrison Montgomery (February 27, 1830 - April 4, 1905) was an American businessman and writer from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Thomas Harrison Montgomery	Philadelphia
place of death	Saint Aunarius (Aunacharius) (French: Aunaire, Aunachaire, Anachaire) (573--603) was bishop of Auxerre during the 6th century.	Aunarius	Auxerre
place of death	William Fielding Ogburn (June 29, 1886 -- April 27, 1959) was an American sociologist who was born in Butler, Georgia and died in Tallahassee, Florida.	William Fielding Ogburn	Tallahassee
place of death	Walter M. Lowrey (July 19, 1921 -- May 29, 1980) was a historian affiliated with Centenary College, a Methodist-institution in Shreveport, Louisiana, who was also a founding member of the Louisiana Historical Association.	Walter M. Lowrey	Shreveport
place of death	Max Miedinger (24 December 1910 in Zurich, Switzerland -- 8 March 1980, Zürich, Switzerland) was a Swiss typeface designer.	Max Miedinger	Zürich
place of death	Auguste André Thomas Cahours (2 October 1813, Paris -- 17 March 1891, Paris) was a French chemist.	Auguste André Thomas Cahours	Paris
place of death	Fabrizio Dentice (also Fabricio, Fabritio) (Naples ca. 1539 -- Naples ca. 1581) was an Italian composer and virtuoso lute and viol player.	Fabrizio Dentice	Naples
place of death	Çetin Özek (1934 Çorum, Turkey -- 16 July 2008 Istanbul) was a prominent Turkish university professor of criminal law, jurist, author and journalist.	Çetin Özek	Istanbul
place of death	During a tremendous thunderstorm in New York City, Bob Hope observes that ``Basil Rathbone must be throwing a party''.	Basil Rathbone	New York City
place of death	Doctor Diego Núñez de Avendaño (d. 1607, presumably in Lima, Peru) was oidor (judge) of the Royal Audiencia of Lima, and for a brief period in 1607, interim viceroy of Peru.	Diego Núñez de Avendaño	Lima
place of death	Giulio Rosati (Rome 1857 -- Rome 1917) was an Italian painter specialized in orientalist and academic scenes.	Giulio Rosati	Rome
place of death	Cardinal Frederick Jagiellon (Polish: Fryderyk Jagiellończyk; 27 April 1468, in Kraków -- 14 March 1503) was a Polish prince, Archbishop of Gniezno, Bishop of Kraków, and Primate of Poland.	Frederick Jagiellon	Kraków
place of death	Tobeen (Bordeaux, July 20, 1880 - Saint-Valery-sur-Somme, March 1938) is the pseudonym of the French artist Félix Elie Bonnet.	Tobeen	Saint-Valery-sur-Somme
place of death	The only daughter of Étienne de Marguenat, Seigneur de Courcelles, and his wife, Monique Passart, Anne-Thérèse de Marguenat de Courcelles was born and died in Paris.	Anne-Thérèse de Marguenat de Courcelles	Paris
place of death	Richard Adelbert Lipsius (February 14, 1830, Gera, Thuringia -- August 19, 1892, Jena, Thuringia) was a distinguished German Protestant theologian.	Richard Adelbert Lipsius	Jena
place of death	Murray Handwerker died of complications from dementia on May 14, 2011, at his home in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, at age 89.	Murray Handwerker	Palm Beach Gardens
place of death	Carlos Bee was born in 1869 in Saltillo, Mexico, where his parents Hamilton Prioleau Bee and Mildred Tarver Bee had moved from San Antonio after the collapse of the Confederacy and the end of the American Civil War.	Carlos Bee	San Antonio
place of death	Alice Rollit Coe (1858--1940) was a Canadian emigrant to the United States, Seattle housewife and author.	Alice Rollit Coe	Seattle
place of death	Francesco Novati (Cremona, 1859 - Sanremo, 1915) was an Italian historian and philologist.	Francesco Novati	Sanremo
place of death	Pierre Lantier died on 4 April 1998 in Ollioules, in southeastern France.	Pierre Lantier	Ollioules
place of death	Ilona Elek, known also as Ilona Elek-Schacherer (née ``Schacherer,'' May 17, 1907 in Budapest, Hungary -- July 24, 1988 in Budapest) of a Jewish father and Roman Catholic mother, was a Hungarian Olympic fencer.	Ilona Elek	Budapest
place of death	Mosè Bianchi (Monza, 1840--1904) was an Italian painter and printmaker.	Mosè Bianchi	Monza
place of death	Nevit Kodallı (born 12 December 1924 in Mersin; died 1 September 2009 in Mersin) is a Turkish composer of western-influenced classical music including operas and ballets.	Nevit Kodallı	Mersin
place of death	Professor Ludwig Marcuse (February 8, 1894 in Berlin -- August 2, 1971 in Bad Wiessee), was a philosopher and writer of Jewish origin.	Ludwig Marcuse	Bad Wiessee
place of death	Adam Benjamin Jr. (August 6, 1935 -- September 7, 1982) was an American politician and a United States Representative from Indiana's 1st congressional district, serving from 1977 until his death from a heart attack in Washington, D.C. in 1982.	Adam Benjamin Jr.	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Katti Lanner (14 September 1829 -- 15 November 1908) was a Viennese ballet dancer, choreographer, and ballet mistress who found fame in Germany and England, where she staged many productions at the Empire Theatre in London.	Katti Lanner	London
place of death	Jules Marie Auguste Leroux was born in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris on 14 April 1871, during the Commune.	Auguste Leroux	Paris
place of death	Harvey Manning (July 16, 1925 in Ballard, Seattle, Washington - November 12, 2006 in Bellevue, Washington) was a noted author of hiking guides and climbing textbooks, and a tireless hiking advocate.	Harvey Manning	Bellevue
place of death	Eva Taylor died from cancer in 1977 in Mineola, New York.	Eva Taylor	Mineola, New York
place of death	Armand Borel (21 May 1923 --11 August 2003) was a Swiss mathematician, born in La Chaux-de-Fonds, and was a permanent professor at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, United States from 1957 to 1993.	Armand Borel	Princeton
place of death	Gohar Gasparyan (Armenian: Գոհար Գասպարյան; December 14, 1924, Cairo, Egypt -- May 16, 2007, Yerevan, Armenia) also known as the ``Armenian nightingale'', was an Armenian opera singer.	Gohar Gasparyan	Yerevan
place of death	True Eames Boardman (October 25, 1909, Seattle, Washington -- July 28, 2003, Pebble Beach, California) was an actor and scriptwriter.	True Eames Boardman	Pebble Beach
place of death	Francis Edward Lauricella, known as Hank Lauricella (October 9, 1930 -- March 25, 2014), was a real estate developer from suburban New Orleans, Louisiana, a college football legend, and a member of both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature.	Hank Lauricella	Louisiana
place of death	Eduardo Jimeno Correas (22 February 1869 in Zaragoza -- 30 October 1947 in Madrid) was a Spanish filmmaker and producer.	Eduardo Jimeno	Madrid
place of death	Robert Pete Williams (March 14, 1914 -- December 31, 1980) was an American Louisiana blues musician.	Robert Pete Williams	Louisiana
place of death	Larry Levis died of a heart attack in Richmond, Virginia on May 8, 1996, at the age of 49.	Larry Levis	Richmond
place of death	Dudley Selden (1794 -- November 7, 1855 Paris, France) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Dudley Selden	Paris
place of death	Kathleen Raine was born in Ilford, Essex (now part of London).	Kathleen Raine	London
place of death	Otto Sackur (28 September 1880 in Breslau, Germany -- 17 December 1914 in Berlin, Germany) was a German physical chemist.	Otto Sackur	Berlin
place of death	Santa Prassede church in Rome Práxedis G. Guerrero, Chihuahua Santa Praxedes, Cagayan Sainte-Praxède, Quebec	Praxedes	Rome
place of death	Clara Stanton Jones died peacefully in her sleep September 30th, 2012 in Oakland California at the age of 99.	Clara Stanton Jones	Oakland
place of death	Tadeusz Popiel (1863, Szczucin - 22 February 1913, Kraków) was a Polish painter, known for his religious and historical scenes; especially his work on several famous panoramas.	Tadeusz Popiel	Kraków
place of death	In 1851 the artist Ernest Hébert (1817-1908) made an oil on wood portrait of Céline, Comtesse Eugène Pastré, now held in the Musée Hébert in Paris.	Eugène Pastré	Paris
place of death	Philipp Peter Roos (later surnamed Rosa di Tivoli; 1655-1706), was a German Baroque painter, active in and near Rome from 1677 onward.	Philipp Peter Roos	Rome
place of death	Miguel Antonio Caro was born in Bogotá on November 10, 1845, and he died in the same city on August 5, 1909.	Miguel Antonio Caro	Bogotá
place of death	Michael Copps Costello (August 2, 1875 -- March 22, 1936) was a printer, a medical graduate (who never practiced his profession) and the 19th mayor of Calgary, Alberta.	Michael Copps Costello	Calgary
place of death	Martial Joseph Armand Herman (29 August 1749, Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise -- 7 May 1795, Paris) (guillotined), was a politician of the French Revolution, and temporary French Foreign Minister.	Martial Joseph Armand Herman	Paris
place of death	Izaak Naftali Botwin, born 1907 in Kamianka-Buzka, Austrian Empire, died 6 August 1925 in Lviv, Poland, was a Polish Jewish communist and labor activist who was executed for the murder of police informant.	Naftali Botwin	Lviv
place of death	Helmuth Plessner (September 4, 1892, Wiesbaden -- June 12, 1985, Göttingen) was a German philosopher and sociologist, and a primary advocate of ``philosophical anthropology''.	Helmuth Plessner	Göttingen
place of death	Franco Ferrara (Palermo, 4 July 1911 -- Florence, 6 September 1985) was an Italian conductor.	Franco Ferrara	Florence
place of death	Frans Francken the Younger (Antwerp, 1581 -- Antwerp, 6 May 1642) was a Flemish painter and the best-known member of the large Francken family of artists.	Frans Francken the Younger	Antwerp
place of death	Jakub Goldberg (aka Kuba Goldberg) (August 29, 1924 in Warsaw, Poland -- April 27, 2002 in Copenhagen, Denmark) was a Polish scriptwriter, assistant director and actor.	Jakub Goldberg	Copenhagen
place of death	Hippolyte Ferrat (1822-1882) was a French sculptor from Aix-en-Provence.	Hippolyte Ferrat	Aix-en-Provence
place of death	Charles, Prince of Nassau-Usingen (born 31 December 1712 in Usingen; died: 21 June 1775 in Biebrich), was from 1718 to 1775 Prince of Nassau-Usingen.	Charles, Prince of Nassau-Usingen	Biebrich
place of death	Max Saenger (German: Max Sänger) (March 14, 1853, Bayreuth -- January 12, 1903, Prague) was a German obstetrician and gynecologist who was a native of Bayreuth.	Max Saenger	Prague
place of death	Heinrich Lausberg (12 October 1912 in Aachen; died 11 April 1992 in Münster) was a German rhetorician, classical philologist and historical linguist specialising in Romance studies.	Heinrich Lausberg	Münster
place of death	Arthur Spiethoff (13 May 1873, Düsseldorf -- 4 April 1957, Tübingen) was a German economist, born in Duseeldorf.	Arthur Spiethoff	Tübingen
place of death	Eugen Bircher (17 February 1882 in Aarau - 20 October 1956) was a Swiss politician (member of parliament 1942 -1955) and military leader who became associated with a pro-German position in the inter-war years.	Eugen Bircher	Aarau
place of death	Johann Carl Loth (1632 -- 6 October 1698) was a German Baroque painter, born in Munich but active most of his life in Venice.	Johann Carl Loth	Venice
place of death	Charles-Joseph de Harlez de Deulin (Liège, 21 August 1832 -- Leuven, 14 July 1899) was a Belgian Orientalist, domestic prelate, canon of the cathedral of Liège, and member of the Academie Royale of Belgium, who studied and translated the Zoroastrian holy texts.	Charles-Joseph de Harlez de Deulin	Leuven
place of death	Christian Ehregott Weinlig (September 30, 1743 -- March 14, 1813) was a German composer and cantor of Dresden's Kreuzkirche.	Christian Ehregott Weinlig	Dresden
place of death	Liviu Deleanu (born Lipe Kligman; February 21, 1911, Iași - May 12, 1967, Chișinău) was a Moldovan and Romanian poet and playwright, a doyen of postwar Moldovan literature.	Liviu Deleanu	Chișinău
place of death	John Cowles, Sr. (December 14, 1898 -- February 25, 1983) was the co-owner of the Cowles Media Company, whose assets included the Minneapolis Star, the Minneapolis Tribune, the Des Moines Register, Look magazine, and a half-interest in Harper's Magazine.	John Cowles, Sr.	Minneapolis
place of death	Fernando Veneranda (May 23, 1941 -- March 1, 2007 in Porto San Giorgio) was an Italian football (soccer) player and manager.	Fernando Veneranda	Porto San Giorgio
place of death	Eduard Wiiralt (real name Eduard Viiralt; March 20, 1898, Saint Petersburg Governorate -- January 8, 1954, Paris) was a well-known Estonian graphic artist.	Eduard Wiiralt	Paris
place of death	Otto Hauser (April 12/27, 1874 in Wädenswil -- June 14/19, 1932 in Berlin) was a Swiss prehistorian.	Otto Hauser	Berlin
place of death	August Grahl (26 May 1791, Göhren-Lebbin - 13 June 1868, Dresden) was a German portrait painter and miniaturist.	August Grahl	Dresden
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Estelle (1662, Marseille-1723, Marseille) was French Consul in the Moroccan city of Salé in 1689-98.	Jean-Baptiste Estelle	Marseille
place of death	Hark Olufs was born as son of a nautical captain named Oluf Jensen on either July 17 or 19 in 1708 on the North Frisian island of Amrum, which then belonged to Denmark.	Hark Olufs	Amrum
place of death	Alessandro Cicognini (25 January 1906 in Pescara -- 9 November 1995 in Rome) was an Italian film music composer.	Alessandro Cicognini	Rome
place of death	Robert Kaleski was born on 19 January 1877 at Burwood in Sydney.	Robert Kaleski	Sydney
place of death	Mirvarid Dilbazi (Azerbaijani: Mirvarid Paşa qızı Dilbazi), (19 August 1912, Gazakh, Azerbaijan -- 12 July 2001, Baku) was an Azerbaijani poet.	Mirvarid Dilbazi	Baku
place of death	Óscar Collazos (born in Bahía Solano, 29 August 1942 - died Bogotá, 17 May 2015) was a Colombian writer, journalist, essayist and literary critic.	Óscar Collazos	Bogotá
place of death	Helen Enselmini, O.S.C. (Italian: Elena Enselmini), also known as the Blessed Helen of Arcella (1207--1231/1242), was an Italian Franciscan nun who has been beatified by the Catholic Church.	Helen Enselmini	Arcella
place of death	Philipp Forchheimer (7 August 1852 in Vienna -- 2 October 1933 in Dürnstein, Lower Austria) was an Austrian engineer, a pioneer in the field of civil engineering and practical hydraulics.	Philipp Forchheimer	Lower Austria
place of death	Ludwig Donath (6 March 1900, Vienna -- 29 September 1967, New York City), was an Austrian actor who appeared in many American films.	Ludwig Donath	New York City
place of death	Ferdinand Schubert (born October 18, 1794 in Vienna; died February 26, 1859) was an Austrian composer and brother of Franz Schubert.	Ferdinand Schubert	Vienna
place of death	Adolf Schön (8 April 1906 in Wiesbaden, Germany -- 2 August 1987 in Frankfurt) was a German racing cyclist.	Adolf Schön	Frankfurt
place of death	Camillo Bertarelli (March 10, 1886 in Capaccio -- November 27, 1982 in Milan) was an Italian racing cyclist.	Camillo Bertarelli	Milan
place of death	Gerard Hengeveld (7 December 1910, Kampen - October 28, 2001, Bergen, North Holland) was a Dutch classical pianist, music composer and educationalist.	Gerard Hengeveld	Bergen
place of death	Hasso von Manteuffel died while on a vacation in Reith im Alpbachtal, Austria on 24 September 1978.	Hasso von Manteuffel	Reith im Alpbachtal
place of death	Victor Rodrigues (Konkani: विक्टर रोद्रिगुएस (Devanagari), ವಿಕ್ಟೊರ್ ರೋದ್ರಿಗುಎಸ್ (Kannada); 8 February 1944 -- 5 July 2010) was a Konkani novelist and short story writer from Mangalore, India.	Victor Rodrigues	Mangalore
place of death	Wilebaldo Solano Alonso (July 7, 1916, Burgos, Spain -- September 7, 2010, Barcelona, Spain) was a Spanish Communist activist during the Spanish Civil War, especially noted for his work with Socialist youth organizations as a member of the Workers' Party of Marxist Unification (POUM).	Wilebaldo Solano	Barcelona
place of death	Ermenegildo Costantini (1731-1791) was an Italian painter, active in Rome in a late-Baroque style.	Ermenegildo Costantini	Rome
place of death	Alexander Evreinov (born March 8, 1877, Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation - died August 20, 1959, Rome, Italy ) was a Russian bishop, converted to Catholicism from Russian Orthodoxy.	Alexander Evreinov	Rome
place of death	Paul Jarrico was born in Los Angeles, California on January 12, 1915, as Israel Shapiro.	Paul Jarrico	Los Angeles
place of death	Jonathan Dwight was born December 8, 1858 in New York City.	Jonathan Dwight	New York City
place of death	Noel Toy (born Ngun Yee, the ``Chinese Sally Rand'') (December 27, 1918 -- December 24, 2003) was an American burlesque performer famous for her fan dance and bubble dance, initially at the Forbidden City nightclub in San Francisco, California.	Noel Toy	San Francisco
place of death	Aegidius van Braam (Gorinchem, 30 July 1758 - Delft, 17 May 1822) was a Dutch naval officer who attained the rank of vice-admiral.	Aegidius van Braam	Delft
place of death	Gertrud Pätsch (born 22 January 1910 in Hannover as Gertrud Kettler; † 14 December 1994 in Jena) was a German ethnologist and philologist, who rendered service in the area of Kartvelian studies.	Gertrud Pätsch	Jena
place of death	Born in the capital Sofia to lawyer Nisim Mevorah (and Bulgarian ambassador to the USA in 1945--47 and representative to the UN) and high-school French teacher Mariya Petrova, Valeri Petrov studied at the Italian School in the city, finishing in 1939.	Valeri Petrov	Sofia
place of death	In 1942 Arthur Chevrolet retired to Slidell, Louisiana.	Arthur Chevrolet	Slidell
place of death	Bernardino Giraud (born 14 July 1721 in Rome, died 5 May 1782) was a Cardinal of the Catholic Church.	Bernardino Giraud	Rome
place of death	William Pinchon, also known as William of Saint-Brieuc, was Bishop of Saint-Brieuc.	William Pinchon	Saint-Brieuc
place of death	John W. Rollins (August 24, 1916 -- April 4, 2000) was an American businessman and politician from Greenville in New Castle County, Delaware.	John W. Rollins	Greenville
place of death	Zbigniew Załuski (31 July 1926 in Kivertsi, Polish Commonwealth -- 5 March 1978 in Warsaw, People's Republic of Poland) was a Polish army officer, writer and Member of Parliament.	Zbigniew Załuski	Warsaw
place of death	Heinrich Vogtherr (the Elder) (1490, Dillingen an der Donau - 1556 in Vienna) was an artist, printer, poet and medical author of the Reformation period.	Heinrich Vogtherr	Vienna
place of death	Jan Perner (September 7, 1815 in Bratčice near Čáslav -- September 10, 1845 in Pardubice) was a Czech railway engineer.	Jan Perner	Pardubice
place of death	Count Stefano Jacini (Casalbuttano, June 20, 1826 -- Milan, March 25, 1891) was an Italian statesman and economist.	Stefano Jacini	Milan
place of death	Loy Hering (b. 1484-85 in Kaufbeuren, d. 1 June 1564 in Eichstätt) was a German Renaissance sculptor.	Loy Hering	Eichstätt
place of death	Raymond Bernard was born in Paris in 1891, the son of the author and humorist Tristan Bernard and younger brother of the playwright Jean-Jacques Bernard.	Raymond Bernard	Paris
place of death	Simon McTavish (c.1750 -- July 6, 1804), of Montreal was a Scottish-born fur trader and the chief founding partner of the North West Company.	Simon McTavish	Montreal
place of death	Kaarel Eenpalu (until 1935 named Karl August Einbund) (28 May (O.S. 16 May) 1888 in Paju talu, Vesneri Parish, Tartu County, Estonia, Russian Empire -- 27 January/28 January 1942, Kirov Oblast, Russia, USSR) was an Estonian journalist, politician and head of state.	Kaarel Eenpalu	Kirov
place of death	Mildred Bendall (27 November 1891 - 27 December 1977) was an active force of the avant-garde in Bordeaux, and instrumental in building a real exchange with Paris.	Mildred Bendall	Bordeaux
place of death	Alexander Saroukhan (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Հակոբի Սարուխան, Arabic: إسكندر صاروخان‎ ; October 1, 1898 in Russian Empire - 1977 Cairo, Egypt) was an Armenian-Egyptian cartoonist and caricaturist whose drawings have appeared in a number of Arabic and international newspapers and magazines.	Alexander Saroukhan	Cairo
place of death	Anna Stella Schic (30 June 1925 in Campinas -- 1 February 2009 in Nice) was a Brazilian pianist and author of a biography of composer Heitor Villa-Lobos.	Anna Stella Schic	Nice
place of death	Supriyadi joined PETA, and after training was posted to Blitar, East Java.	Supriyadi	Blitar
place of death	Günter Thorhauer (8 November 1931 -- 27 April 2007) was a football player who played in the first international match of East Germany.	Günter Thorhauer	Germany
place of death	Heini Klopfer (3 April 1918 in Oberstdorf -- 18 November 1968) was a German ski jumper and architect.	Heini Klopfer	Oberstdorf
place of death	Michel François Hoguet (b. 17 June 1793 in Paris -- d. 5 April 1871 in Berlin) was a French ballet dancer, ballet master and choreographer at the Royal Berlin Theater, where he worked from 1817 until 1823 as first solo dancer.	Michel François Hoguet	Berlin
place of death	Max Pauly (1 June 1907, Wesselburen -- 8 October 1946, Hamelin) was an SS Standartenführer who was the commandant of Stutthof concentration camp from September 1939 to August 1942 and commandant of Neuengamme concentration camp and the associated subcamps from September 1942 until liberation in May 1945.	Max Pauly	Hamelin
place of death	Gary Downie shared a home with Nathan-Turner in Saltdean, Brighton.	Gary Downie	Brighton
place of death	Michael Carreras (21 December 1927, in London -- 19 April 1994, in London) was a British film producer and director.	Michael Carreras	London
place of death	In her Los Angeles Times gossip column on March 1, 1946, Hedda Hopper wrote, ``King Baggot, who used to be one of our top directors, is working as an extra in The Show-Off.	King Baggot	Los Angeles
place of death	Hieronymus Francken III (1611, Antwerp -- 1671, Antwerp), was a Flemish Baroque painter and a well known member of the Francken family of artists.	Hieronymus Francken III	Antwerp
place of death	Antonio Diziani (9 February 1737 -- 23 June 1797) was an Italian painter of the 18th century, active mainly in painting vedute or landscapes and vistas of Venice.	Antonio Diziani	Venice
place of death	Karl Emanuel Robert Fricke (24 September 1861 in Helmstedt, Germany -- 18 July 1930 in Bad Harzburg, Germany) was a German mathematician, known for his work in complex analysis, especially on elliptic, modular and automorphic functions.	Robert Fricke	Bad Harzburg
place of death	Robert de Sorbon (October 9, 1201 -- August 15, 1274) was a French theologian, the chaplain of Louis IX of France, and founder of the Sorbonne college in Paris.	Robert de Sorbon	Paris
place of death	Arcangela Paladini (or Arcangiola Palladini) (Pisa 1599 - Florence 1622) was an Italian painter, singer and poet.	Arcangela Paladini	Florence
place of death	Paul Lebreton (born May 31, 1870, Bordeaux, France -- died June 21, 1956, Lyon, France) was a tennis player competing for France.	Paul Lebreton	Lyon
place of death	Hans Hermann Eschke (10 November 1856 in Berlin -- 19 July 1904 in Singapore) was the first German Consul General in Singapore.	Hans Hermann Eschke	Singapore
place of death	Wilhelm Göcke (12 February 1898, Schwelm, German Empire -- 20 October 1944, Fontana Liri, Italy) was an SS-Standartenführer, SS-Obersturmbannführer der Reserve der Waffen-SS and a commandant of Warsaw concentration camp and the Kovno Ghetto.	Wilhelm Göcke	Fontana Liri
place of death	Ernst-Alfred Thalmann (8 April 1881 in Basel - 23 September 1938) was a Swiss international footballer, jurist, politician and private art collector.	Ernst-Alfred Thalmann	Basel
place of death	Gaetano Pugnani was born in 1731 in Turin, the city where he spent most of his life, son of Giovanni Battista Pugnani, secretary in the office of the Director of the Settlement of Turin.	Gaetano Pugnani	Turin
place of death	On 16 June 956 Hugh the Great died in Dourdan.	Hugh the Great	Dourdan
place of death	August Gissler (9 September 1857 in Remscheid -- 8 August 1935 in New York City) was a German adventurer and treasure hunter, who lived with short interruptions on Cocos Island (Costa Rica) from 1889 until 1908.	August Gissler	New York City
place of death	Joseph Bradley Varnum was born in Dracut, Massachusetts, Middlesex County, January 29, 1750 or 1751, a farmer with little formal education.	Joseph Bradley Varnum	Dracut, Massachusetts
place of death	Amalia Molina (Seville, 1881 - Barcelona, July 8, 1956) was a popular Spanish tonadillera and dancer.	Amalia Molina	Barcelona
place of death	Nicola Filotesio (9 September 1480 (differing sources give 1489)--31 August 1547 (sources also give 1559)) was an Italian painter, architect and sculptor of the Renaissance period, active primarily in or near the town of Ascoli Piceno (modern capital of Ascoli Piceno Province in the Marche region).	Nicola Filotesio	Ascoli Piceno
place of death	Hilmar Reksten grew up in a small flat at Nordnes, a central quarter of Bergen.	Hilmar Reksten	Bergen
place of death	In 1986, Tenga Rinpoche established the new Benchen Monastery in Kathmandu.	Tenga Rinpoche	Kathmandu
place of death	Feliks Janiewicz, in English often Felix Yaniewicz (Vilnius 1762 -- 21 May 1848 Edinburgh) was a Polish composer and violinist in exile.	Feliks Janiewicz	Edinburgh
place of death	Rudolf Kittel (28 March 1853, Eningen, Württemberg - 20 October 1929, Leipzig) was a German Old Testament scholar.	Rudolf Kittel	Leipzig
place of death	Gumersindo de Azcárate (1840, León - 1917, Madrid) was a Spanish philosopher, jurist and politician.	Gumersindo de Azcárate	Madrid
place of death	Sir Ralph George Hawtrey (22 November 1879, Slough -- 21 March 1975, London) was a British economist, and a close friend of John Maynard Keynes.	Ralph George Hawtrey	London
place of death	Anaukpetlun took the European-Portuguese captives to Ava and Bago, where they were known as Bayingyi and served as gunners for the Burmese armies later.	Anaukpetlun	Bago
place of death	Among other places Erik Tryggelin is represented at Nationalmuseum, Stockholm Nordic Museum (Nordiska museet), Stockholm Stockholm City Museum (Stockholms stadsmuseum), Stockholm Uppsala University Library ( Uppsala universitetsbibliotek), Uppsala	Erik Tryggelin	Stockholm Stockholm
place of death	Guillaume de Machaut was born about 1300, and educated in the region around Reims.	Guillaume de Machaut	Reims
place of death	Juan José Carbó Gatignol, known primarily by his autographed signature of Carbó on his artwork, was born in Sueca, Spain on March 19, 1927.	Juan José Carbó	Sueca
place of death	Licinio Refice (Patrica, February 12, 1883 -- Rio de Janeiro, September 11, 1954) was an Italian composer and priest.	Licinio Refice	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Jesper Swedberg (28 August 1653 (O.S)--26 July 1735 (N.S)) was a bishop of Skara, Sweden.	Jesper Swedberg	Skara
place of death	Barkin' Bill Smith (August 18, 1928 -- April 24, 2000) was an American Chicago blues and electric blues singer and songwriter.	Barkin' Bill Smith	Chicago
place of death	Christian Friedrich Schwägrichen (16 September 1775, Leipzig -- 2 May 1853, Leipzig) was a German botanist specializing in the field of bryology.	Christian Friedrich Schwägrichen	Leipzig
place of death	Alphaeus Philemon Cole (Jersey City, New Jersey July 12, 1876 -- New York City, November 25, 1988) was an American artist, engraver and etcher.	Alphaeus Philemon Cole	New York City
place of death	Jacob Churg (16 July 1910, Daŭhinava, Belarus -- 27 July 2005, New York City) was a Russian-born American pathologist.	Jacob Churg	New York City
place of death	Ivan Krasko (real name Ján Botto, pseudonyms Bohdana J. Potokinová, Ivan Krasko, Janko Cigáň, 12 July 1876 in Lukovištia (Lukovistye) -- 3 March 1958 in Bratislava) was a Slovak poet, translator and representative of modernism in Slovakia.	Ivan Krasko	Bratislava
place of death	Emmanuel Bove was born Emmanuel Bobovnikoff on 20 April 1898 in Paris to a Russian father and a Luxembourgish mother.	Emmanuel Bove	Paris
place of death	Fernand Point (25 February 1897 in Louhans -- 4 March 1955 in Vienne) was a French chef and restaurateur and is considered to be the father of modern French cuisine.	Fernand Point	Vienne
place of death	Robert Heinrich Johannes Sobotta (31 January 1869 in Berlin -- 20 April 1945 in Bonn) was a German anatomist.	Johannes Sobotta	Bonn
place of death	Edward T. Lowe Jr., also known as E.T. Lowe Jr., E.C. Lowe, Edmund T. Lowe, Edward T. Lowe and Edward Lowe (29 June 1880 in Nashville, Tennessee, USA -- 17 April 1973 in Los Angeles, California, USA) was an American film writer, producer and editor.	Edward T. Lowe Jr.	Los Angeles
place of death	Richard Trunk (born Tauberbischofsheim, 10 February 1879 - died Herrsching, 2 June 1968) was a German composer, pianist, conductor, and critic.	Richard Trunk	Herrsching
place of death	Petrus Franciscus Greive (25 March 1811 Amsterdam - 4 November 1872, Amsterdam) was a Dutch painter and lithographer.	Petrus Franciscus Greive	Amsterdam
place of death	Johannes Polyander van den Kerckhoven (28 March 1568 in Metz -- 4 February 1646 in Leiden) was a Dutch Calvinist theologian, a Contra-Remonstrant but considered of moderate views.	Johannes Polyander	Leiden
place of death	Emily Shanks, also known as Emiliya Yakovlevna Shanks (Russian: Эми́лия Я́ковлевна Шанкс; Moscow, 1 August 1857 -- London, 13 January 1936), was a British painter living in Moscow.	Emily Shanks	London
place of death	Seth Siegelaub (born 1941, Bronx, New York - June 15, 2013, Basel, Switzerland) was an American-born art dealer, curator, author and researcher.	Seth Siegelaub	Basel
place of death	Henrik Olrik, born in Copenhagen, was son of customs inspector Henrik Johan Ludvig Olrik and Benedicte Martinette (née Heiberg).	Henrik Olrik	Copenhagen
place of death	Rowland Hazard III (October 29, 1881, Peace Dale, Rhode Island, US -- December 20, 1945, Waterbury, Connecticut, US) was an American businessman and member of a prominent Rhode Island family involved in the foundation and executive leadership of a number of well-known companies.	Rowland Hazard III	Waterbury
place of death	Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia (Russian: Константи́н Константи́нович; IPA: (kənstɐnʲˈtʲin kənstɐnʲˈtʲinəvʲɪtɕ); 22 August 1858 in Strelna -- 15 June 1915 in Pavlovsk) was a grandson of Emperor Nicholas I of Russia, and a poet and playwright of some renown.	Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia	Pavlovsk
place of death	Katarina Vilioni was an Italian woman, member of a trader family in Yangzhou, China, during the 14th century.	Katarina Vilioni	Yangzhou
place of death	Lodewijk Elzevir (c. 1540, Leuven -- 4 February 1617, Leiden), originally Lodewijk or Louis Elsevier or Elzevier, was a printer, born in the city of Leuven (today in Belgium, then part of the Habsburg Netherlands or Spanish Netherlands).	Lodewijk Elzevir	Leiden
place of death	Boris Aprilov, with his wife, spent the last three years of his life in Tel Aviv, Israel, with their daughters, who fled the communist regime three months before its fall.	Boris Aprilov	Tel Aviv
place of death	Nils August Johanson (1872--1946) was a Swedish-born, American surgeon, who founded the Swedish Medical Center, the largest nonprofit health provider in the greater Seattle area.	Nils August Johanson	Seattle
place of death	Sebastiano Serlio (September 6, 1475 -- c. 1554) was an Italian Mannerist architect, who was part of the Italian team building the Palace of Fontainebleau.	Sebastiano Serlio	Fontainebleau
place of death	Johann Christian Daniel von Schreber (17 January 1739 in Weißensee, Thuringia -- 10 December 1810 in Erlangen), often styled I.C.D. von Schreber, was a German naturalist.	Johann Christian Daniel von Schreber	Erlangen
place of death	Ewald Banse (born 23 May 1883 in Braunschweig -- died 31 October 1953 in Braunschweig) was a German geographer.	Ewald Banse	Braunschweig
place of death	Cornelis Ploos van Amstel (1726, in Weesp -- 1798, in Amsterdam), was a 19th-century Dutch painter and art collector.	Cornelis Ploos van Amstel	Amsterdam
place of death	John Bryan Ward-Perkins, CMG, CBE, FBA (3 February 1912, Bromley, Kent, United Kingdom -- 28 May 1981, Cirencester, United Kingdom) was a British Classical architectural historian and archaeologist, and director of the British School at Rome.	John Bryan Ward-Perkins	Cirencester
place of death	Eduard van Beinum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɛdu̯ɑrd ʋɑn ˈbɛi̯nəm); 3 September 1901 -- 13 April 1959, Amsterdam) was a Dutch conductor.	Eduard van Beinum	Amsterdam
place of death	Yrjö Jahnsson (1877--1936) was a Finnish economics professor at the University of Helsinki (appointed 1911).	Yrjö Jahnsson	Helsinki
place of death	André Mattoni (24 February 1900, Karlsbad -- 11 January 1985, Vienna) was an Austrian actor.	André Mattoni	Vienna
place of death	Georg Christian Füchsel (born 14 February 1722 in Ilmenau, Thuringia - died 20 June 1773 in Rudolstadt, Thuringia) was a German physician and geologist.	Georg Christian Füchsel	Rudolstadt
place of death	Carlo Bernari (born in Naples on October 13, 1909; died in Rome on October 22, 1992) is the pseudonym under which Italian author Carlo Bernard is known.	Carlo Bernari	Rome
place of death	Vincent Malo or Vincent Malo I (Cambrai 1585/1605, (ca. 1595) - Rome, 1649) was a Flemish painter who after training and working in Antwerp was mainly active in Italy, where he was known, amongst others, as Vincenzo Malo and Vincenzio Malo.	Vincent Malo	Rome
place of death	Harold Norse (July 6, 1916, New York City -- June 8, 2009, San Francisco) was an American writer who created a body of work using the American idiom of everyday language and images.	Harold Norse	San Francisco
place of death	In 1960 Günter Felke discovered his fascination with the history of numismatics in Palatinate (Pfalz) and Mainz.	Günter Felke	Mainz
place of death	Gyula László (Kőhalom, 14 March 1910 -- Nagyvárad (today: Oradea) 17 July 1998) was a Hungarian historian, archaeologist, artist, and university professor.	Gyula László	Oradea
place of death	Donato Felice d'Allio (Born in October 24, 1677, Scaria -- Died in May 6, 1761, Vienna) was an Italian architect of the Baroque who worked in Austria.	Donato Felice d'Allio	Vienna
place of death	Carlo Allioni (23 September 1728 in Turin -- 30 July 1804 in Turin) was an Italian physician and professor of botany at the University of Turin.	Carlo Allioni	Turin
place of death	Arturo Tosi (Busto Arsizio (Varese), 1871 -- Milan, 1956) was an Italian painter.	Arturo Tosi	Milan
place of death	Of Armenian descent, Arman Manukyan was born in the Tahta Minare neighborhood of Istanbul.	Arman Manukyan	Istanbul
place of death	Achille Compagnoni died aged 94 in Aosta on 13 May 2009.	Achille Compagnoni	Aosta
place of death	Antoni Osuchowski (13 June 1849 in Paris - 9 January 1928 in Warsaw) was a Polish lawyer, publicist, philanthropist and national activist in Silesia, Warmia and Mazury.	Antoni Osuchowski	Warsaw
place of death	There is a school in Cape Town named after him, Eben Dönges High School.	Eben Dönges	Cape Town
place of death	Thierry Claveyrolat (La Tronche, Rhône-Alpes, France, 31 March 1959 -- died Notre-Dame-de-Mésage, Isère, 7 September 1999) was a French road bicycle racer.	Thierry Claveyrolat	Notre-Dame-de-Mésage
place of death	André Charles Victor Reille (born July 23, 1815 in Paris - died January 19, 1887 in Antibes) was a French general.	André Charles Victor Reille	Antibes
place of death	Jacques des Rousseaux (1600, Tourcoing -- 1638, Leiden), was a French Baroque painter active in Leiden.	Jacques des Rousseaux	Leiden
place of death	Samuel Warren Carey AO (born 1 November 1911 in Campbelltown; died 20 March 2002 in Hobart) was an Australian geologist who was an early advocate of the theory of continental drift.	Samuel Warren Carey	Hobart
place of death	Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro was born in Rome on June 22, 1502, the son of Alfonso Recanati and Bernardina Capodiferro, Roman patricians.	Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro	Rome
place of death	Baron Norbert Ormay de Aranyos (August 22, 1813, Dobřany -- August 22, 1849, Arad) was a honvéd colonel in the Hungarian Army.	Norbert Ormay	Arad
place of death	Camillo Miola (Biacca, September 14, 1840 - Naples, May 4, 1919) was an Italian painter, often painting exotic Neo-Pompeian and Orientalist subjects.	Camillo Miola	Naples
place of death	Major General Sir Frederick Carrington KCB KCMG (23 August 1844, Cheltenham -- 22 March 1913, Cheltenham), was a British soldier and friend of Cecil John Rhodes.	Frederick Carrington	Cheltenham
place of death	Robert Perloff (February 3, 1921 -- April 15, 2013) was an American psychology and business administration professor emeritus, who taught at Purdue University and the University of Pittsburgh.	Robert Perloff	Pittsburgh
place of death	Anna of Württemberg (Polish: Anna Wirtemberska; 12 June 1561 in Stuttgart -- 7 July 1616 in Chojnów), was a German princess, member of the House of Württemberg, and by her two marriages Duchess of Oława-Wołów and Legnica.	Anna of Württemberg	Chojnów
place of death	Dennis Sandole (né Dionigi Sandoli; 29 September 1913 -- 30 September 2000 Philadelphia) was an American virtuoso jazz guitarist, composer, and music educator from Philadelphia.	Dennis Sandole	Philadelphia
place of death	Vladimir Tsybin (Russian: Владимир Николаевич Цыбин; July 11, 1877, in Ivanovo-Voznesensk -- May 29, 1949, in Moscow) was a flautist, composer and conductor.	Vladimir Tsybin	Moscow
place of death	Carlo Crivelli died in the Marche (probably Ascoli Piceno) around 1495.	Carlo Crivelli	Marche
place of death	Guillaume de Jerphanion, born at Pontevès in 1877, died in Rome on 22 October 1948, was a French Jesuit, epigrapher, geographer, photographer, linguist, archaeologist and Byzantinist.	Guillaume de Jerphanion	Rome
place of death	Isaak Löw Hofmann, Edler von Hofmannsthal (10 June 1759, Prostiebor (now Prostiboř), near Kladrau, now in the district of Pilsen, Bohemia -- 12 December 1849, Vienna) was an Austrian merchant.	Isaak Löw Hofmann, Edler von Hofmannsthal	Vienna
place of death	Merritt B. Gerstad (5 July 1900, Chicago, Illinois -- 1 March 1974, Laguna Beach, California) was an American cinematographer of silent and early sound films.	Merritt B. Gerstad	Laguna Beach
place of death	Giorgio Consolini (28 August 1920, Bologna -- 28 April 2012, Bologna) is an Italian singer.	Giorgio Consolini	Bologna
place of death	Gustavus Hines also wrote several books before dying in Oregon City, but buried at Lee Mission Cemetery in Salem.	Gustavus Hines	Oregon City
place of death	I. K. Inha (Into Konrad, born Konrad Into Nyström, November 12, 1865 Virrat -- April 3 1930, Helsinki) was a Finnish photographer, author, translator, and journalist.	I. K. Inha	Helsinki
place of death	Anton Wilhelm Amo or Anthony William Amo (c. 1703 -- c. 1759) was an African from what is now Ghana, who became a respected philosopher and teacher at the universities of Halle and Jena in Germany after studying there.	Anton Wilhelm Amo	Ghana
place of death	Francisco Ascaso Abadía (Almudévar April 1, 1901 -- Barcelona July 20, 1936) was a prominent Anarcho-syndicalist figure in Spain.	Francisco Ascaso	Barcelona
place of death	Otto Edelmann (February 5, 1917, Vienna -- May 14, 2003, Vienna) was an Austrian bass.	Otto Edelmann	Vienna
place of death	Its preface was signed ``Hugues Sambin, Architecteur en la ville de Dijon''.	Hugues Sambin	Dijon
place of death	Sinha Laksmiswar (June 6, 1905 in Rarisal in the north-east India - April 22, 1977 at Shantiniketan, India) was an Esperanto Indian education handicrafts teacher in Santiniketan, Bengal.	Sinha Laksmiswar	Santiniketan
place of death	Gottfried Benn was born in a Lutheran country parsonage, a few hours from Berlin, the son and grandson of pastors in Mansfeld, now part of Putlitz in the district of Prignitz, Brandenburg.	Gottfried Benn	Berlin
place of death	Jorge Manrique (Paredes de Nava, Palencia c. 1440 Santa María del Campo, Cuenca -- 1479) was a major Castilian poet, whose main work, the Coplas a la muerte de su padre (Verses on the death of Don Rodrigo Manrique, his Father), is still read today.	Jorge Manrique	Santa María del Campo
place of death	Alfred Mahlau (January 21, 1894 -- January 22, 1967) German painter, illustrator and teacher, born in Berlin and died in Hamburg.	Alfred Mahlau	Hamburg
place of death	Ernst Platner (German: (ˈplatnɐ); June 11, 1744 -- December 27, 1818) was a German anthropologist, physician and philosopher born in Leipzig.	Ernst Platner	Leipzig
place of death	Heinrich Kanner attended high school and studied at the University in Vienna.	Heinrich Kanner	Vienna
place of death	Carl Gottlieb Svarez, originally Schwartz (27 February 1746, Schweidnitz - 14 May 1798, Berlin) was a Prussian jurist and reformer who worked on the Landrecht.	Carl Gottlieb Svarez	Berlin
place of death	Alex Close (26 November 1921 in Moignelée - 21 October 2008 in Ligny) was a Belgian road bicycle racer who was placed seventh in the Tour de France in 1952.	Alex Close	Ligny
place of death	Cosimo Fanzago (Clusone, 12 October 1591 -- Napoli, 13 February 1678) was an Italian architect and sculptor, generally considered the greatest such artist of the Baroque period in Naples, Italy.	Cosimo Fanzago	Naples
place of death	Robert Creighton Buck (30 August 1920 Cincinnati -- 1 February 1998 Wisconsin), usually quoted as R. Creighton Buck, was an American mathematician who, with Ralph Boas, introduced Boas--	Robert Creighton Buck	Wisconsin
place of death	Vincenc Beneš (22 January 1883 in Lišice, Hradec Králové -- 27 March 1979 in Prague) was a Czech painter.	Vincenc Beneš	Prague
place of death	Ambrose Brueghel or Ambrosius Brueghel (Dutch: (ɑmˈbɾoːzijʏs ˈbɾøːɣəl); baptized 10 August 1617, Antwerp -- 9 February 1675) was a Flemish Baroque painter who specialized in landscapes.	Ambrosius Brueghel	Antwerp
place of death	Knud Arne Petersen (5 August 1862 -- 27 June 1943) was a Danish architect and director of Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen from 1899 to 1940.	Knud Arne Petersen	Copenhagen
place of death	Richard Nicolls (1624 in Ampthill, Bedfordshire -- 28 May 1672 on the North Sea, off Suffolk) was the first English colonial governor of New York province.	Richard Nicolls	Suffolk
place of death	Adamson-Eric (18 August 1902 in Tartu -- 2 December 1968 in Tallinn) was an Estonian artist who worked mainly within the medium of painting in applied art. Born Erich Carl Hugo Adamson in Tartu, he was the fourth child of Jaan and Anna Adamson.	Adamson-Eric	Tallinn
place of death	Arnold Susi (4 January 1896 in North Caucasus -- 29 May 1968 Tallinn) was a lawyer and the Minister of Education in the Estonian Otto Tief's government established on 18 September 1944 during WWII.	Arnold Susi	Tallinn
place of death	Giorgio Del Vecchio (Bologna, 1878 -- Genoa 1970) was a prominent Italian legal philosopher of the early 20th century.	Giorgio Del Vecchio	Genoa
place of death	Fred Huntley (29 August 1862, London, England - 1 November 1931, Hollywood, California) was an English silent film actor and director.	Fred Huntley	Hollywood
place of death	August Wilhelm Heye (31 January 1869, Fulda - 11 March 1947, Braunlage) was a German officer who rose to the rank of Generaloberst and became head of the Army Command within the Ministry of the Reichswehr in the Weimar Republic.	Wilhelm Heye	Braunlage
place of death	of Richard Legh of Lyme Hall, Cheshire with whom he had two sons- Legh Master, M.P. for Newton, Lancashire, and Rev. Streynsham Master, M.A.- and a daughter, Anne.	Streynsham Master	Lancashire
place of death	After being airlifted to Princess Alexandra Hospital in Brisbane, Australia, where he spent two days in a medically induced coma on life support, Braydon Smith died on 16 March 2015 at the age of 23.	Braydon Smith	Brisbane
place of death	Dan Flavin (April 1, 1933, Jamaica, New York -- November 29, 1996, Riverhead, New York) was an American minimalist artist famous for creating sculptural objects and installations from commercially available fluorescent light fixtures.	Dan Flavin	Riverhead, New York
place of death	Giuseppe Colombi (Modena, 1635-Modena, 27 or 29 September 1694) was an Italian musician and composer, active in the Baroque period.	Giuseppe Colombi	Modena
place of death	Marie Firmin Bocourt (19 April 1819 -- 4 February 1904) was a French zoologist and artist born and died in Paris.	Marie Firmin Bocourt	Paris
place of death	Pietro Arduino (18 July 1728, in Caprino di Verona -- 13 April 1805, in Padua) was an Italian botanist.	Pietro Arduino	Padua
place of death	Léon Cogniet (29 August 1794, Paris -- 20 November 1880, Paris) was a French history and portrait painter.	Léon Cogniet	Paris
place of death	Vlasta Průchová (12 July 1926, Ružomberok -- 16 June 2006, Prague) was a Czech jazz singer.	Vlasta Průchová	Prague
place of death	Thomas Ruckle was a house painter and sign painter in early nineteenth century Baltimore, Maryland, and an amateur painter.	Thomas Ruckle	Maryland
place of death	Johannes d'Outrein (Jan d'Outrein) (October 17, 1662 in Middelburg - February 24, 1722 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch preacher, writer and author of evangelical theological works.	Johannes d'Outrein	Amsterdam
place of death	Father Augustin Diamacoune Senghor (4 April 1928 at Senghalène, Casamance, Senegal -- 13 January 2007 at Val-de-Grâce Military Hospital, Paris, France).	Augustin Diamacoune Senghor	Paris
place of death	Lembit Oll (23 April 1966 in Kohtla-Järve -- 17 May 1999 in Tallinn) was an Estonian chess grandmaster.	Lembit Oll	Tallinn
place of death	Ivan Sabolić (August 24, 1921 - June 25, 1986) was a Croatian sculptor, professor and dean of the Academy of Fine Arts Zagreb, head master of the workshop in 1975.	Ivan Sabolić	Zagreb
place of death	Necdet Calp (September 7, 1922, Karamürsel, Kocaeli Province -- September 13, 1998, Ankara) was a Turkish civil servant and politician.	Necdet Calp	Ankara
place of death	Thomas Barrie (died 1538 in Newbury, Berkshire) was an English almoner who, in 1538 was found guilty of spreading rumours about the death of Henry VIII and was pilloried in the market square at Newbury.	Thomas Barrie	Newbury
place of death	Hans Ormund Bringolf (January 11, 1876, Baden-Baden - March 4, 1951, Hallau) was a Swiss adventurer and autobiographer.	Hans Ormund Bringolf	Hallau
place of death	Lu'ay al-Atassi (1926--November 2003) (Arabic: لؤي الأتاسي‎) was a senior commander in the Syrian Army and later the President of Syria between 9 March and 27 July 1963.	Lu'ay al-Atassi	Syria
place of death	James Maybrick (25 October 1838 -- 11 May 1889) was a Liverpool cotton merchant.	James Maybrick	Liverpool
place of death	Tarcisio Vincenzo Benedetti (October 28, 1899 - May 24, 1972) was the Italian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lodi from his appointment by Pope Pius XII on November 11, 1952, until his death on May 24, 1972.	Tarcisio Vincenzo Benedetti	Lodi
place of death	Edward Mallory (b. Edward Ralph Martz on June 14, 1930, Cumberland, Maryland - d. April 4, 2007, Salisbury, Pennsylvania) was an American actor, best known for his role as Dr. Bill Horton on NBC's soap opera Days of Our Lives, which he played from 1966 to 1980.	Edward Mallory	Salisbury, Pennsylvania
place of death	Severo Lombardoni (7 March 1949 in Pedrengo at Bergamo - 13 February 2012 in Milan, original name Severino Lombardoni) was a music producer in Italy.	Severo Lombardoni	Milan
place of death	John Hardgrave (1826--1906) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	John Hardgrave	Brisbane
place of death	Diogo de Couto (Lisbon, c. 1542 -- Goa, 10 December 1616) was a Portuguese historian.	Diogo de Couto	Goa
place of death	Franco Rotella (16 November 1966 -- 20 April 2009) was an Italian professional footballer who made over 300 league appearances in Italian football for Genoa, SPAL, Triestina, Pisa, Atalanta and Imperia.	Franco Rotella	Genoa
place of death	Willibald Pirckheimer (5 December 1470 -- 22 December 1530) was a German Renaissance lawyer, author and Renaissance humanist, a wealthy and prominent figure in Nuremberg in the 16th century, and a member of the governing City Council for two periods.	Willibald Pirckheimer	Nuremberg
place of death	Rudolf Becker was killed 13 October 1944 near Püspökladány, Hungary.	Rudolf Becker	Püspökladány
place of death	Hartvig Krummedige (also referred to in the Hartvig Erikssøn Krummedike and Hartvig Krummendick) was a Danish nobleman who was born circa 1400 in southern Jutland, Denmark and died in 1476 at Akershus Fortress, Norway.	Hartvig Krummedige	Akershus Fortress
place of death	Valdo Spini (born in Florence, January 20, 1946) is an Italian politician and author.	Valdo Spini	Florence
place of death	Hermenegild was imprisoned in Tarragona or Toledo.	Hermenegild	Tarragona
place of death	Josif Pančić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јосиф Панчић; April 17, 1814 -- February 25, 1888) was a Serbian botanist, doctor, a famous lecturer at the Great School in Belgrade and the first president of the Serbian Royal Academy.	Josif Pančić	Belgrade
place of death	Author of about 15 books of poetry, and that many books of short-stories and novels, as well as plays, Necati Cumalı died on 10 January 2001 in Istanbul.	Necati Cumalı	Istanbul
place of death	Francesco Curia (1538--1610) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in his hometown of Naples.	Francesco Curia	Naples
place of death	Pierfrancesco Cittadini (1616--1681) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Bologna and painting lush and rich still lifes.	Pierfrancesco Cittadini	Bologna
place of death	Aleksey Tillo (Russian: Алексей Андреевич Тилло) (November 25 (O.S. November 13), 1839, Kiev Governorate -- January 11 (O.S. December 30), 1900, Saint Petersburg) was a prominent Russian geographer, cartographer, land surveyor, lieutenant general of the Russian Imperial Army (1894).	Aleksey Tillo	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Aldo Ballarin (born 10 January 1922 in Chioggia; died 4 May 1949 at Superga) was an Italian football player.	Aldo Ballarin	Superga
place of death	Robert L. Joseph (March 10, 1923, Bronx, New York - April 27, 2002, East Chatham, New York) was an American theatre producer, playwright, and screenwriter.	Robert L. Joseph	East Chatham, New York
place of death	Pieter van Hanselaere was born in Ghent on 31 July 1786; he studied at the Academy of Ghent with Pierre Van Huffel, and then in Paris at the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture with Jacques-Louis David, in 1809.	Pieter van Hanselaere	Ghent
place of death	Ludovico Mazzolino (1480 -- c. 1528) - also known as Mazzolini da Ferrara, Lodovico Ferraresa, and Il Ferrarese - was an Italian Renaissance painter active in Ferrara and Bologna.	Ludovico Mazzolino	Ferrara
place of death	Jacopo Dondi dell'Orologio (1290--1359), also known as Jacopo de' Dondi, was a doctor, astronomer and clock-maker active in Padua, Italy.	Jacopo Dondi dell'Orologio	Padua
place of death	Afonso Álvares (also spelled Affonso Álvares) was the Master of Works for the Portuguese king, Sebastian of Portugal, and he designed, amongst other structures, the Monastery of São Bento in Lisbon in 1571, which was lost in the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, and is now partially the site of the Portuguese Parliament.	Afonso Álvares	Lisbon
place of death	Henry Michell Wagner (1792--1870) was a Church of England clergyman who was Vicar of Brighton between 1824 and 1870.	Henry Michell Wagner	Brighton
place of death	Adrienne Marie Louise Grandpierre-Deverzy (Tonnerre, Yonne, 1798 -- Paris, 1869) was a French painter.	Adrienne Marie Louise Grandpierre-Deverzy	Paris
place of death	Filippo della Valle (26 December 1698 -- 29 April 1768) was an Italian late-Baroque or early Neoclassic sculptor, active mostly in Rome.	Filippo della Valle	Rome
place of death	Father Paul Guillaume Farges (1844--1912) was a French catholic missionary, botanist and plant collector, based for much of his life (from 1867) in China, serving at Chongqing from 1892 until his death.	Paul Guillaume Farges	Chongqing
place of death	Zyg Brunner, also known as Zygismund Brunner, or Sigismond Leopold (12 November 1878, Warsaw - 7 April 1961, Paris) was a Polish draftsman, caricaturist, and illustrator.	Zyg Brunner	Paris
place of death	Dr. Jenő Fuchs (29 October 1882 -- 14 March 1955, in Budapest, Hungary) was a Hungarian Olympic champion sabre fencer.	Jenő Fuchs	Budapest
place of death	Avrom Ber Gotlober (January 14, 1811, Starokonstantinov, Volhynia -- April 12, 1899, Białystok) was a Jewish writer, poet, playwright, historian, journalist and educator.	Avrom Ber Gotlober	Białystok
place of death	In 1929 Chandulal Shah founded Ranjit Studios at Bombay, Maharashtra.	Chandulal Shah	Maharashtra
place of death	André Barde was the pseudonym of André Bourdonneau (July 1874, Meudon -- October 1945, Paris), a French writer best known for his libretti for operettas.	André Barde	Paris
place of death	Armand Jean de Vignerot du Plessis, Duke of Richelieu (Paris, 3 October 1629 - Paris, 20 May 1715) was a French sailor and nobleman.	Armand Jean de Vignerot du Plessis	Paris
place of death	Apostolo Zeno (born in Venice, 11 December 1669; died in Venice, 11 November 1750) was a Venetian poet, librettist, journalist, and man of letters.	Apostolo Zeno	Venice
place of death	Philipp Knoll (4 July 1841, Karlsbad - 31 January 1900, Vienna) was an Austrian pathologist.	Philipp Knoll	Vienna
place of death	Anton Bettelheim (November 18, 1851 in Vienna -- March 29, 1930 in Vienna) was an Austrian critic and journalist.	Anton Bettelheim	Vienna
place of death	The following January, Novalis was appointed auditor to the salt works at Weißenfels.	Novalis	Weißenfels
place of death	Friedrich Hildebrandt (19 September 1898, Parchim, Mecklenburg-Schwerin -- 5 November 1948, Landsberg am Lech) was an SS Obergruppenführer, a Gauleiter and judged for war crimes in the time of the Third Reich.	Friedrich Hildebrandt	Landsberg am Lech
place of death	Cornelius Richard Anton van Bommel (born at Leyden 5 April 1790, died 7 April 1852) was a Dutch Bishop of Liège, Belgium.	Cornelius Richard Anton van Bommel	Liège
place of death	Ivan Chodák (born 3 February 1914 in Dolný Kubín -- 14 February 1994 in Bratislava) was a Slovak footballer, coach and doctor of medicine.	Ivan Chodák	Bratislava
place of death	In c.555 BCE Miltiades the Elder left Athens to establish a colony on the Thracian Chersonese (now the Gallipoli Peninsula), setting himself up as a semi-autonomous tyrant under the protection of Athens.	Miltiades	Athens
place of death	Joaquín Bárbara y Balza (Llodio, Álava, 1867 -- Santander, Cantabria, 1931) was a spanish painter.	Joaquín Bárbara y Balza	Santander
place of death	Dyre Kearney (died November 1, 1791) was an American lawyer from Dover, Delaware.	Dyre Kearney	Dover
place of death	Cletus Madsen (December 1, 1905 - July 16, 2002) was a 20th-century Catholic priest of the Diocese of Davenport in the US state of Iowa.	Cletus Madsen	Davenport
place of death	Karel Opočenský (7 February 1892, Most, Bohemia -- 16 November 1975, Prague) was a Czech chess master.	Karel Opočenský	Prague
place of death	Kynaston Reeves (29 May 1893 in London, England -- 5 December 1971 in London, England) was christened Philip Arthur Reeves, and was an English character actor who appeared in numerous films and many television plays and series.	Kynaston Reeves	London
place of death	Victor Mordechai Goldschmidt (February 10, 1853, in Mainz -- May 8, 1933, in Salzburg) was a German mineralogist, natural philosopher, and art collector.	Victor Mordechai Goldschmidt	Salzburg
place of death	Piet Derksen (1913, Rotterdam - 24 February 1996, Westerhoven) was a Dutch businessman who founded Center Parcs.	Piet Derksen	Westerhoven
place of death	Eugenie Mikhailovna Shakhovskaya (St. Petersburg, 1889 -- Kiev, 1920) (Евгения Михайловна Шаховская, Yevgeniya Mikhaylovna Shakhovskaya) was a Russian pioneering aviator.	Eugenie Mikhailovna Shakhovskaya	Kiev
place of death	Thies Christophersen (27 January 1918 in Kiel -- 13 February 1997 in Molfsee), a farmer by upbringing, was a prominent German Holocaust denier.	Thies Christophersen	Molfsee
place of death	Glenn Michael Souther (January 30, 1957, Hammond, Indiana to June 22, 1989, Moscow, Soviet Union), also known as Mikhail Yevgenyevich Orlov, was a U.S. Navy photographer who gave up U.S. citizenship to become a Soviet citizen in 1986.	Glenn Michael Souther	Moscow
place of death	Iosif Czako (11 June 1906, Reșița, Romania -- 12 September 1966, Reșița) was a Romanian football Defender.	Iosif Czako	Reșița
place of death	Gerhard Dengler (born Reinhausen 29 May 1914; died Hennigsdorf 3 January 2007) was an East German writer, print and broadcast journalist, and (briefly) newspaper editor.	Gerhard Dengler	Hennigsdorf
place of death	Walter Leighton Clark (1859--1935) was an American businessman, inventor, and artist based in Stockbridge, Massachusetts and New York City.	Walter Leighton Clark	Stockbridge
place of death	Anders Andersen-Lundby (b. December 16, 1841, in Lundby - d. January 4, 1923, in Munich) was a Danish landscape painter from Lundby Hills at Aalborg, Denmark.	Anders Andersen-Lundby	Munich
place of death	Nardo di Cione (died c. 1366), was an Italian painter, sculptor and architect from Florence.	Nardo di Cione	Florence
place of death	Sir William Willcocks KCMG (27 September 1852, India -- 28 July 1932, Cairo, Egypt) was a British civil engineer, during the high point of the British Empire.	William Willcocks	Cairo
place of death	Allan D'Arcangelo (June 16, 1930 in Buffalo, New York -- December 17, 1998 in New York City, New York) was an American artist and printmaker, best known for his paintings of highways and road signs.	Allan D'Arcangelo	New York City
place of death	Marl Young, ( 29 Jan 1917, Bluefield, Virginia, USA - 29 April 2009, Los Angeles, California) was an American musician and arranger who was instrumental in the merger of the all-black and all-white musicians unions in Los Angeles in the early 1950s .	Marl Young	Los Angeles
place of death	Pere Alberch (1954, Badalona -- 1998, Madrid) was a Spanish naturalist, biologist and embryologist.	Pere Alberch	Madrid
place of death	Abraham Gancwajch (1902 -- possibly killed in 1943, Warsaw) was a prominent Nazi collaborator in the Warsaw Ghetto during the occupation of Poland in World War II, and a Jewish ``kingpin'' of the ghetto underwold.	Abraham Gancwajch	Warsaw
place of death	Joannes Hauchin (1527 -- 1589) was the second Archbishop of Mechelen from 1596 to 1589.	Joannes Hauchin	Mechelen
place of death	Frederick Koolhoven died of a stroke at Haarlem in 1946.	Frederick Koolhoven	Haarlem
place of death	Count Kristóf Niczky de Niczk (February 11, 1725, Sümeg -- December 26, 1787, Buda) was an influential Habsburg bureaucrat under Maria Theresa and Joseph II.	Kristóf Niczky	Buda
place of death	Mary Boyce Temple (July 6, 1856 -- May 16, 1929) was an American philanthropist and socialite, active primarily in Knoxville, Tennessee, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Mary Boyce Temple	Knoxville
place of death	José Pedro Cea (Redondela, Spain, September 1, 1900 -- September 18, 1970, Montevideo) was an Uruguayan football player and coach.	Pedro Cea	Montevideo
place of death	Cristfried Ganander (21 November 1741 in Haapajärvi -- 17 February 1790 in Rantsila) was a Finnish compiler of folk culture, a priest and an 18th-century lexicographer.	Cristfried Ganander	Rantsila
place of death	Tatjana Gsovsky (Татьяна Николаевна Гзовская/Tatjana Nikolajewna Gsowskaja, born Issatschenko Исаченко; 18 March 1901 -- 29 September 1993) was an internationally known ballet dancer and choreographer who was ballet mistress of the Berlin State Opera, Teatro Colón, Deutsche Oper Berlin and Oper Frankfurt.	Tatjana Gsovsky	Berlin
place of death	Cemil Gürgen Erlertürk has never won the Istanbul Football League with Galatasaray.	Cemil Gürgen Erlertürk	Istanbul
place of death	China Zorrilla (Spanish: (ˈtʃina soˈriʒa), born Concepción Matilde Zorrilla de San Martín Muñoz; Montevideo, 14 March 1922 -- Montevideo, 17 September 2014) was an emblematic Uruguayan theater, film, and television actress, also director, producer and writer.	China Zorrilla	Montevideo
place of death	Johann Ernst Fabri (16 July 1755, Oels, Silesia -- 30 May 1825, Erlangen) was a German geographer and statistician.	Johann Ernst Fabri	Erlangen
place of death	Alexei Ivanovich Belsky (Russian: Алексе́й Ива́нович Бе́льский; 1726, Saint Petersburg - 21 May 1796, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian painter.	Alexei Ivanovich Belsky	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Enrico Bompiani (12 February 1889, Rome -- 22 September 1975, Rome) was an Italian mathematician, specializing in differential geometry.	Enrico Bompiani	Rome
place of death	Donald Struan Robertson, FBA (28 June 1885 -- 5 October 1961) was a classical scholar, particularly noted for his work on Apuleius, and for 22 years the Regius Professor of Greek at the University of Cambridge.	Donald Struan Robertson	Cambridge
place of death	Ludwig Godenschweg (9 November 1889 -- in Berlin; 2 December 1942 in Dresden) was a German painter.	Ludwig Godenschweg	Dresden
place of death	Ričardas Gavelis (November 8, 1950 in Vilnius, Lithuania -- August 18, 2002) was a writer, playwright, and journalist.	Ričardas Gavelis	Vilnius
place of death	Gen Paul died at the Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital in Paris on 30 April 1975 and was interred in the Cimetière Saint-Vincent in Montmartre.	Gen Paul	Paris
place of death	Ladislav Adamec (10 September 1926, in Frenštát pod Radhoštěm -- 14 April 2007, in Prague) was a Czechoslovak communist politician.	Ladislav Adamec	Prague
place of death	Petar Velimirović (16 January 1848 Sikole, Negotin -- 23 December 1911 Belgrade) was Serbian politician.	Petar Velimirović	Belgrade
place of death	Rudolf Peschel was killed on 30 June 1944 during the Vitebsk--	Rudolf Peschel	Vitebsk
place of death	Roland Kibbee (15 February 1914 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania -- 5 August 1984 in Encino, California) was an American screenwriter and producer.	Roland Kibbee	Encino
place of death	Carl Dahlhaus (June 10, 1928 -- March 13, 1989), a musicologist from (West) Berlin, was one of the major contributors to the development of musicology as a scholarly discipline during the post-war era.	Carl Dahlhaus	Berlin
place of death	Dido Kvaternik died in a car crash in Río Cuarto, Argentina in 1962.	Dido Kvaternik	Río Cuarto
place of death	Douglas Fraser died on Saturday, February 23, 2008, from complications due to emphysema at Providence Hospital in Southfield, Michigan.	Douglas Fraser	Southfield
place of death	The Blessed Lucy Brocadelli, O.S.D. (also known as the Blessed Lucy of Narni), (13 December 1476 in Narni -- 15 November 1544 in Ferrara) was a Dominican tertiary who was famed as a mystic and a stigmatic.	Lucy Brocadelli	Ferrara
place of death	Lee Matasi was a skateboarder and artist from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Lee Matasi	Vancouver
place of death	Jakob Wilhelm Roux (13 April 1771, Jena - 22 August 1830, Heidelberg) was a German painter and draughtsman.	Jakob Wilhelm Roux	Heidelberg
place of death	Philipp Phoebus (23 May 1804, Märkisch-Friedland in West Prussia -- 1 July 1880, Gießen) was a German physician and pharmacologist.	Philipp Phoebus	Gießen
place of death	Karl Longin Zeller (December 28, 1924, Šiauliai, Lithuania--July 20, 2006, Tübingen) was a German mathematician and computer scientist who worked in numerical analysis and approximation theory.	Karl Longin Zeller	Tübingen
place of death	Jean-Claude Lavaud (18 May 1938 in Orléans - 2011 ) was a French footballer who played for Rennes, Annecy, and France.	Jean-Claude Lavaud	Rennes
place of death	The happiest narrative, though, relates that Aurelian, impressed by her beauty and dignity and out of a desire for clemency, freed Zenobia and granted her an elegant villa in Tibur (modern Tivoli, Italy).	Zenobia	Tivoli
place of death	Johann Georg Ehrlich (13 October 1676 -- 8 February 1743) was a German merchant and town councillor from Dresden.	Johann Georg Ehrlich	Dresden
place of death	Philipp Hirschfeld (born 1 October 1840 in Königsberg, Prussia; died 4 October 1896 in Wannsee, Berlin) was a German chess player and theoretician.	Philipp Hirschfeld	Wannsee
place of death	Jean-Michel Huon de Kermadec (Bohars, Finistère, France, 12 September 1748--Balade, New Caledonia, 6 May 1793) was an 18th-century French navigator.	Jean-Michel Huon de Kermadec	New Caledonia
place of death	Edmund Eysler was born in Vienna to a merchant family.	Edmund Eysler	Vienna
place of death	Hob Broun (born Heywood Orren Broun; 1950 in Manhattan, New York, U.S. - December 16, 1987, Portland, Oregon, U.S.) was an author who lived in Portland, Oregon.	Hob Broun	Portland
place of death	Júlio Dinis, pseudonym of Joaquim Guilherme Gomes Coelho (14 November 1839 in Porto -- 12 September 1871 in Porto) was a Portuguese doctor and writer.	Júlio Dinis	Porto
place of death	Alexander Charles Garrett (born, Ireland, 1832--died, Dallas, Texas, February 18, 1924) was an American Episcopal bishop, born in Ireland.	Alexander Charles Garrett	Dallas
place of death	Elisabeth of Brunswick-Calenberg (8 April 1526 in Nienover -- 19 August 1566 in Schleusingen) was a princess of Brunswick-Calenberg by birth and by marriage a Countess of Henneberg.	Elisabeth of Brunswick-Calenberg	Schleusingen
place of death	Nefertiti's Scenes in the tombs of the nobles in Amarna mention the queen's sister who is named Mutbenret (previously read as Mutnodjemet).	Nefertiti	Amarna
place of death	Born in Vienna, of Hungarian and Czech origin, one of five children of a factory worker, Anton Karas was already keen on music as a child.	Anton Karas	Vienna
place of death	Américo Hoss (29 February 1914 in Budapest, Hungary - 20 October 1990 in Buenos Aires) was a prolific Hungarian-Argentine cinematographer.	Américo Hoss	Buenos Aires
place of death	Miodrag Bulatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Булатовић; born 1930, Okladi, Bijelo Polje, Zeta Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia - died 1991, Igalo, Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia) was a Montenegrin Serb novelist and playwright.	Miodrag Bulatović	Igalo
place of death	Enrico Sartori (Parma, February 4, 1831 - Parma, October 25, 1889) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre subjects, typically peasants, but also battle scenes and troop parades.	Enrico Sartori	Parma
place of death	Clodovil Hernandes (Brazilian Portuguese: (klo'doviw eɾ'nɐ̃dʒis); Elisiário, June 17, 1937 -- Brasília, March 17, 2009) was a Brazilian fashion stylist, television presenter, and politician.	Clodovil Hernandes	Brasília
place of death	Fifi D'Orsay died from cancer on December 2, 1983 at the age of seventy-nine at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.	Fifi D'Orsay	Woodland Hills
place of death	Paul Bonatz (6 December 1877 -- 20 December 1956) was a German architect, member of the Stuttgart School and professor at the technical university in that city during part of World War II and from 1954 until his death.	Paul Bonatz	Stuttgart
place of death	Dorothy Tree Uris died at age 85 of heart failure at the Actors Fund of America Nursing Home in Englewood, New Jersey.	Dorothy Tree	Englewood
place of death	In 1866 along with gusan Sazain (Aghajan) Jivani moved to Tbilisi, where he continued his musical activities.	Jivani	Tbilisi
place of death	Johann Christian August Clarus (5 November 1774, Buch am Forst near Coburg -- 13 July 1854, Leipzig) was a German anatomist and surgeon.	Johann Christian August Clarus	Leipzig
place of death	Princess Bejaratana died on 27 July 2011 at 4.37 pm at Siriraj Hospital, Bangkok aged 85.	Bejaratana	Siriraj Hospital
place of death	Josse Boutmy (Ghent, 1697 - Brussels, 1779) was a composer, organist and harpsichordist of the Austrian Netherlands who established himself in Brussels.	Josse Boutmy	Brussels
place of death	Luciano Pistoi worked in Torino, Rome and Volpaia, near Siena, places in which he presented emerging and well known international and Italian artists, often against the stream and with unusual approach and combination of works and artists, involving critics of different generations and trends.	Luciano Pistoi	Siena
place of death	Lucas Watzenrode the Elder (also Lukas in German; Polish Łukasz) (1400--1462) was a merchant in the Hanseatic Prussian city of Thorn (Toruń), father of Bishop Lucas Watzenrode the Younger, and grandfather of astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus.	Lucas Watzenrode the Elder	Toruń
place of death	John McAleese suffered a heart attack and died in Thessaloniki, Greece.	John McAleese	Thessaloniki
place of death	Michel Vieuchange, born Nevers in 1904 and died Agadir in 1930, was a French adventurer who was the first European to visit the abandoned ruins of the walled city of Smara, in the interior of the Sahara.	Michel Vieuchange	Agadir
place of death	Svetozár Miloslav Hurban, penname Svetozár Hurban-Vajanský (16 January 1847 in Hlboké -- 17 August 1916 in Martin) was a Slovak poet, lawyer and nationalist newspaper editor who was twice imprisoned.	Svetozár Hurban-Vajanský	Martin
place of death	Hugo Rothstein (28 August 1810 Erfurt - 28 March 1865 Erfurt) was a Prussian officer, writer, educator and gymnast.	Hugo Rothstein	Erfurt
place of death	Alfredo Niceforo (23 January 1876 -- 10 March 1960, Rome, Italy) was an Italian statistician.	Alfredo Niceforo	Rome
place of death	Diamond Jenness, CC, F.R.C.G.S. (February 10, 1886, Wellington, New Zealand -- November 29, 1969, Chelsea, Quebec, Canada) was one of Canada's greatest early scientists and a pioneer of Canadian anthropology.	Diamond Jenness	Chelsea, Quebec
place of death	Michele Pantaleone (Villalba 1911 -- Palermo, February 12, 2002) was a respected journalist and expert on the Sicilian Mafia and one of the first to shed light on the links between organized crime and political power.	Michele Pantaleone	Palermo
place of death	Samuel Gold (July 2, 1835, Kővágó-Örs, Zala, Hungary -- November 9, 1920, New York City, United States) was a Hungarian physician, journalist and composer of chess problems.	Samuel Gold	New York City
place of death	Michael Rye died from a short illness on September 20, 2012, in Los Angeles at the age of 94.	Michael Rye	Los Angeles
place of death	Herman Bing was born in Frankfurt-am-Main, Germany and died in Los Angeles, California.	Herman Bing	Los Angeles
place of death	Vincent Adler (3 April 1826, Győr -- 4 January 1871, Geneva) was a Hungarian composer and pianist.	Vincent Adler	Geneva
place of death	Jelisaveta Načić (31 December 1878, Belgrade -- 6 June 1955, Dubrovnik) was a notable Serbian architect.	Jelisaveta Načić	Dubrovnik
place of death	George Wallington (born Giacinto Figlia; October 27, 1924, Palermo, Sicily -- Cape Coral, Miami, February 15, 1993) was an American bebop pianist and composer.	George Wallington	Cape Coral
place of death	Leonardo Coccorante (1680--1750) was an Italian painter who was born in Naples, Italy.	Leonardo Coccorante	Naples
place of death	Georg Scholze committed suicide on 23 April 1945 in Berlin.	Georg Scholze	Berlin
place of death	Pierre Sancan (24 October 1916 in Mazamet -- 20 October 2008 in Paris) was a French composer, pianist, teacher and conductor.	Pierre Sancan	Paris
place of death	Jacinto João, also known as J. J. (January 25, 1944, Luanda -- October 29, 2004, Setúbal) was one of the greatest Portuguese football players of his time.	Jacinto João	Setúbal
place of death	Emanuel Feuermann (November 22, 1902 in Kolomyja, Galicia, Austro-Hungarian Empire (now Kolomyya, Ukraine) -- May 25, 1942 in New York City) was an internationally celebrated cellist in the first half of the 20th century.	Emanuel Feuermann	New York City
place of death	Carl Durheim, also known as Karl Durheim and Charles Durheim, (born November 23, 1810 in Bern, Switzerland - died January 30, 1890 in Bern, Switzerland) was a Swiss lithographer and an early photographer.	Carl Durheim	Bern
place of death	Stephan Tauschitz (July 9, 1889 in Hörtendorf -- March 28, 1970 in Klagenfurt) was an Austrian politician (Landbund) and farmer.	Stephan Tauschitz	Klagenfurt
place of death	Friedrich Wilken (23 May 1777 in Ratzeburg -- 24 December 1840 in Berlin) was a German historian (orientalist), professor and librarian.	Friedrich Wilken	Berlin
place of death	Vladimir Sargsyan (Armenian: Վլադիմիր Սարգսյան, June 25, 1935 in Jolfa, (Armenian: Ջուղա), NAR -- January 3, 2013 in Yerevan, Republic of Armenia) was a Soviet, Armenian scientist in the field of mechanics.	Vladimir Sargsyan	Yerevan
place of death	Anton Dostler (Munich, May 10, 1891 -- Aversa, December 1, 1945) was a general of the infantry in the regular German Army during World War II. In the first Allied war trial after the war, Dostler was found guilty of war crimes and executed by a firing squad.	Anton Dostler	Aversa
place of death	John Adolph of Nassau-Usingen (17 July 1740 in Biebrich -- 10 December 1793 in Wiesbaden) was Count of Saarbrücken and Saarwerden and Lord of Lahr, Wiesbaden and Idstein.	John Adolph of Nassau-Usingen	Wiesbaden
place of death	Gerhard Thäter (born 18 November 1916 in Kiel, died 15 February 2004 in Wilhelmshaven) was a German naval officer.	Gerhard Thäter	Wilhelmshaven
place of death	Adolf Čech was born in Sedlec-Prčice, south of Prague as Adolf Jan Antonin Tausik, the son of a singing instructor.	Adolf Čech	Prague
place of death	Federico Caccia (April 13, 1635 -- January 14, 1699) was an Italian diplomat, Cardinal and Archbishop of Milan from 1693 to 1699.	Federico Caccia	Milan
place of death	Josef Šnejdárek (2 April 1875 in Napajedla -- 13 May 1945 in Casablanca) was a Czech soldier.	Josef Šnejdárek	Casablanca
place of death	Marie Louis Georges Colomb (Lure, Haute-Saône, 25 May 1856 -- Nyons, 3 January 1945) was a French botanist, science populariser, and an early pioneer of France's bande dessinée.	Georges Colomb	Nyons
place of death	Giovanni Buonaventura Viviani (15 July 1638 Florence --about 1693 Pistoia) was an Italian composer and violinist.	Giovanni Buonaventura Viviani	Pistoia
place of death	Giordano Dell'Amore (30 November 1902 in Cairo -- 6 January 1981 in Milan) was an Italian economist and banker.	Giordano Dell'Amore	Milan
place of death	Heinrich Schmid lived his entire life in the same house in Zürich in which he was born.	Heinrich Schmid	Zürich
place of death	Kalju Pitksaar (18 May 1931, Tallinn -- 26 September 1995, Tallinn) was an Estonian chess player, who won the Estonian Chess Championship.	Kalju Pitksaar	Tallinn
place of death	Rubye De Remer (January 9, 1892, Denver, Colorado - March 18, 1984, Beverly Hills, California) was an American dancer and actress in silent films.	Rubye De Remer	Beverly Hills
place of death	Most of the historical sites related to the Hongwu Emperor are located in Nanjing, the original capital of the Ming dynasty.	Hongwu Emperor	Nanjing
place of death	Émile Jourdan (30 July 1860, Vannes -- 29 December 1931, Quimperlé) was a French painter who became one of the artists who gathered in the village of Pont-Aven in Brittany.	Émile Jourdan	Quimperlé
place of death	Egon Lánský died following a long-term illness on 25 November 2013, aged 79, at a Prague hospital.	Egon Lánský	Prague
place of death	Louis Bouveault (11 February 1864 -- 5 September 1909) was a French scientist who became professor of organic chemistry at the Faculty of Sciences of the University of Paris.	Louis Bouveault	Paris
place of death	Jindřich Štyrský (11 August 1899, Čermná u Kyšperka -- 21 March 1942, Prague) was a Czech Surrealist painter, poet, editor, photographer, and graphic artist.	Jindřich Štyrský	Prague
place of death	Bernard Grüner (May 14, 1888 -- February 21, 1955) was Croatian Jewish composer, hazzan of the Dohány Street Synagogue and chief hazzan of the Jewish Community in Zagreb.	Bernard Grüner	Zagreb
place of death	Tito Minniti (1909 -- 26 December 1935) was an Italian pilot who was killed after he was captured by Ethiopians during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War in 1935 near Degehabur.	Tito Minniti	Degehabur
place of death	Louis Gardet (15 August 1905 in Toulouse -- 17 July 1986) was a French Roman Catholic priest and historian.	Louis Gardet	Toulouse
place of death	Sergij Vilfan (5 April 1919 - 16 March 1996) (also incorrectly spelled as Sergej Vilfan), was a Slovenian jurist and historian, part of the so-called Ljubljana school of historiography, and member of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts.	Sergij Vilfan	Ljubljana
place of death	His first appearance as The Blue Demon was in Mexico City in September 1948, where he fought Benny Arcilla.	Blue Demon	Mexico City
place of death	Jean-Bernard Duvivier (Bruges, 1762 -- Paris, 1837) was a painter and drawer of portraits and historical and religious subjects, a book illustrator and a professor at the Normal School in Paris.	Jean-Bernard Duvivier	Paris
place of death	Walter Ledermann FRSE (18 March 1911 Berlin, Germany -- 22 May 2009 London, England) was a German and British mathematician who worked on matrix theory, group theory, homological algebra, number theory, statistics, and stochastic processes.	Walter Ledermann	London
place of death	Paul Harsin (21 January 1902 -- 11 July 1983) was a professor at the University of Liège, Belgium.	Paul Harsin	Liège
place of death	Ilya Shtilman (December 2, 1902 Kiev, August 11, 1966 - Kiev) - Soviet painter and art teacher, professor (from 1947).	Ilya Shtilman	Kiev
place of death	Yahia Benmabrouk (1928--2004) is an Algerian comedian and film actor, born on March 30 on 1928 in Algiers and dead on October 8, 2004 in Bab El Oued.	Yahia Benmabrouk	Bab El Oued
place of death	Albrecht Haushofer was made secretary general of the Gesellschaft für Erdkunde geographical society in Berlin and the editor of its periodical.	Albrecht Haushofer	Berlin
place of death	Elemér Terták (born 2 November 1918 in Budapest, Hungary; died 8 July 1999 in Budapest) was a Hungarian figure skater who competed in men's singles.	Elemér Terták	Budapest
place of death	Vehbi Koç died from heart failure on 25 February 1996 in a hotel in Antalya, where he was with his daughter Sevgi and son-in-law for celebrating Eid-ul-Fitr holiday.	Vehbi Koç	Antalya
place of death	Davis Elkins died in Richmond, Virginia in 1959; interment was in Maplewood Cemetery, Elkins, West Virginia.	Davis Elkins	Richmond
place of death	Jean Mandel (20 September 1911 Fürth, Germany -- 25 December 1974 Höhenried Castle, Bernried am Starnberger See, Germany) was a member of the Bavarian Senate, a football player, and co-founder of the Organization of Jewish Communities in Bavaria.	Jean Mandel	Bernried am Starnberger See
place of death	Viktor Oskar Tilgner (25 October 1844 in Pressburg -- 16 April 1896 in Vienna) was an Austrian sculptor and medailleur.	Viktor Oskar Tilgner	Vienna
place of death	Sir Henry Howe Bemrose (19 November 1827 -- 4 May 1911) was a British printer and publisher, as well as mayor and later Conservative Member of Parliament for Derby.	Henry Howe Bemrose	Derby
place of death	J. Jesús Blancornelas (November 14, 1936 -- November 23, 2006) was a Mexican journalist who co-founded the Tijuana-based Zeta magazine, known for its reporting on corruption and drug trafficking.	Jesús Blancornelas	Tijuana
place of death	Pedro Muñoz Seca (born February 20, 1879 in El Puerto de Santa María, Spain; died November 28, 1936 in Paracuellos de Jarama, Madrid, Spain ) was a Spanish comic playwright.	Pedro Muñoz Seca	Paracuellos de Jarama
place of death	Jan Moninckx (c1656 Leende - buried 20 May 1714 Amsterdam), was a Dutch botanical artist and painter, best known for the colour plates he and his daughter, Maria Moninckx, created and which make up the nine-volume Moninckx Atlas.	Jan Moninckx	Amsterdam
place of death	Jane Morris died on 26 January 1914 while staying at 5 Brock Street in Bath.	Jane Morris	Bath
place of death	William Ashwell Shenstone FIC FRS (1 December 1850 in Wells-next-the-Sea, Norfolk, England -- 3 February 1908 in Mullion, Cornwall) was a chemist, schoolmaster and published author.	William Ashwell Shenstone	Mullion
place of death	Carl Friedrich Meerwein (2 August 1737, in Leiselheim, -- 6 December 1810, in Emmendingen) was a German civil engineer and aviation pioneer.	Carl Friedrich Meerwein	Emmendingen
place of death	Johann Thomas Ludwig Wehrs (18 July 1751 in Göttingen -- 26 January 1811 in Isernhagen) was a German theologian and a founder of the Göttinger Hainbund literary group.	Johann Thomas Ludwig Wehrs	Isernhagen
place of death	Ramram Basu initially joined as the munshi (scribe) for William Chambers, Persian interpreter at the Supreme Court in Kolkata.	Ramram Basu	Kolkata
place of death	Caspar Hedio, also written as Kaspar Hedio, Kaspar Heyd, Kaspar Bock or Kaspar Böckel (Ettlingen, 1494 - Strasbourg, 17 October 1552) was a German historian, theologian and Protestant reformer.	Caspar Hedio	Strasbourg
place of death	Manuel Pavía y Lacy, 1st Marquis de Novaliches (6 July 1814 in Granada -- 22 October 1896 in Madrid), Spanish marshal.	Manuel Pavía y Lacy	Madrid
place of death	Dominik Richert (1893 in St. Ulrich, Alsace -- 1977 in St. Ulrich) was a German soldier who deserted to the French in 1918.	Dominik Richert	Alsace
place of death	Doe Ching (1915 -- 16 May 1969) was a Chinese film director and screenwriter who worked in the cinema of Hong Kong.	Doe Ching	Hong Kong
place of death	Antun Mažuranić (Novi Vinodolski, June 13, 1805 - December 18, 1888, Zagreb) was Croatian writer and linguist.	Antun Mažuranić	Zagreb
place of death	Ralph Staub (July 21, 1899 in Chicago, Illinois -- October 22, 1969, Los Angeles, California) was a movie director, writer and producer.	Ralph Staub	Los Angeles
place of death	Pedro de las Cuevas, a Spanish painter, was born at Madrid in 1568.	Pedro de las Cuevas	Madrid
place of death	Stanisław Narutowicz (Lithuanian: Stanislovas Narutavičius pronunciation ) (September 2, 1862, Brewiki, Kovno Governorate -- December 31, 1932, Kaunas, Lithuania) was a lawyer and politician, one of the twenty signatories of the Act of Independence of Lithuania and brother to the first president of Poland Gabriel Narutowicz.	Stanisław Narutowicz	Kaunas
place of death	Michel Albert graduated from the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris and is an alumnus of the École Nationale d'Administration.	Michel Albert	Paris
place of death	Achiam (born Ahiam Shoshany; February 10, 1916 -- March 26, 2005) was a Franco-Israeli sculptor who worked around Paris after 1947.	Achiam	Paris
place of death	Arvid August Afzelius (Swedish pronunciation: (ˌaɹːvid ˌɑu̯ɡɵst ˈafseːliɵs); 8 October 1785 in Fjällåkra -- 2 September 1871 in Enköping) was a Swedish pastor, poet, historian and mythologist.	Arvid August Afzelius	Enköping
place of death	Brendan Mullen (October 9, 1949 -- October 9, 2009) was a British-American nightclub owner, music promoter and writer, best known for founding the Los Angeles punk rock club The Masque.	Brendan Mullen	Los Angeles
place of death	Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Zeitz-Hoym (Bernburg, 28 June 1669 -- Bad Ems, 17 May 1727), was a German prince of the House of Ascania.	Lebrecht, Prince of Anhalt-Zeitz-Hoym	Bad Ems
place of death	Seán Keating (Born John Keating, Limerick, 28 September 1889 -- Dublin, 21 December 1977) was an Irish romantic-realist painter who painted some iconic images of the Irish War of Independence and of the early industrialization of Ireland.	Seán Keating	Dublin
place of death	Charles Samuel (29 December 1862, in Brussels -- 3 February 1938 or 1939, in Cannes) was a Belgian sculptor, engraver and medalist.	Charles Samuel	Cannes
place of death	Jan Collaert II or Hans Collaert II (ca. 1561, Antwerp - in or after 1620, Antwerp) was a Flemish engraver and printmaker working in Antwerp around the turn of the 17th century.	Jan Collaert II	Antwerp
place of death	John Hersey died at his winter home in Key West, Florida, on March 24, 1993 at the compound he and his wife shared with his friend, writer Ralph Ellison.	John Hersey	Key West
place of death	Cardinal Engelbert Sterckx (2 November 1792 -- 4 December 1867), was the thirteenth Archbishop of Mechelen, Belgium (1832-1867).	Engelbert Sterckx	Mechelen
place of death	Boxhall was born in Hull in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, the second child of Miriam and Captain Joseph Boxhall, Sr. He was born into an established seafaring tradition:	Joseph Boxhall	England
place of death	Mirko Szewczuk, was born Volodymyr Szewczuk (September 20, 1919 in Vienna; and died May 31, 1957 in Hamburg, Germany) was a German cartoonist of Austrian-Ukrainian origin.	Mirko Szewczuk	Hamburg
place of death	Henry Ernest of Stolberg-Wernigerode (German: Heinrich Ernst (later calling himself Henrich Ernst) zu Stolberg-Wernigerode; 7 December 1716, Wernigerode -- 24 October 1778, Halberstadt) was a German politician, canon, dean and author of many hymns.	Henry Ernest of Stolberg-Wernigerode	Halberstadt
place of death	Pete Haycock's Climax toured extensively in Europe, including Communist East Germany, as well as a well-received tour in Australia, also releasing The Soft Spot (1987).	Pete Haycock	Germany
place of death	Friedrich Grillo (20 December 1825, Essen -- 16 April 1888, Düsseldorf) was a prominent industrialist in the Ruhr area of Germany, particularly in Essen and Gelsenkirchen.	Friedrich Grillo	Düsseldorf
place of death	Bagyidaw moved the capital from Amarapura back to Ava in 1823.	Bagyidaw	Amarapura
place of death	Annick Gendron is a French abstract painter, (?? Châtin, Nièvre - 22 October 2008 Saint-Cloud).	Annick Gendron	Saint-Cloud
place of death	Þorgils gjallandi (1 June 1851 -- 23 June 1915) was an Icelandic author born in the hamlet of Skútustaðir by Mývatn, a lake in the Skútustaðahreppur rural municipality.	Þorgils gjallandi	Skútustaðahreppur
place of death	Pieter Thijs, Peter Thijs or Pieter Thys (Antwerp, 1624 -- Antwerp, 1677) was a Flemish painter of portraits as well as religious and history paintings.	Pieter Thijs	Antwerp
place of death	Saint Leonard of Port Maurice, O.F.M., (Italian: San Leonardo da Porto Maurizio) (born 20 December 1676, at Porto Maurizio on the Riviera di Ponente; died at the friary of St. Bonaventure, Rome, 26 November 1751) was an Italian Franciscan preacher and ascetic writer.	Leonard of Port Maurice	Rome
place of death	Carlo Vidusso (1911 in Talcahuano -- 1978 in Milan) was an Italian pianist.	Carlo Vidusso	Milan
place of death	Egon Friedell (born Egon Friedmann; 21 January 1878, in Vienna; died 16 March 1938, in Vienna) was a prominent Austrian philosopher, historian, journalist, actor, cabaret performer (Kabarettist) and theatre critic.	Egon Friedell	Vienna
place of death	August Rei VR III/1 (22 March (O.S. 10 March) 1886 in Kurla -- 29 March 1963 in Stockholm) was an Estonian Social Democratic politician.	August Rei	Stockholm
place of death	Meta Vannas (Meta Jangolenko-Vannas, birth name: Jürgenson) (January 4, 1924, Suuremõisa, Hiiu County -- November 25, 2002, Tallinn) was a Soviet politician.	Meta Vannas	Tallinn
place of death	Thus Jack Common, perhaps the finest chronicler of the English working class to follow Robert Tressell, spent his last years in Newport Pagnell writing film treatments at poor rates.	Jack Common	Newport Pagnell
place of death	Bruno Frank (Stuttgart, June 13, 1887 - Beverly Hills, June 20, 1945) was a German author, poet, dramatist, and humanist.	Bruno Frank	Beverly Hills
place of death	Avram Moiseevich Razgon (Russian: Аврам Моисе́евич Разго́н́; 6 January, 1920, Yartsevo -- 3 February, 1989, Moscow) was a Russian historian and a prominent Soviet theoretician of museology, Doktor nauk (1974), and university professor (1986).	Avram Moiseevich Razgon	Moscow
place of death	Frederick Stock (born Friedrich August Stock; November 11, 1872, Jülich, Rhine Province -- October 20, 1942, Chicago, Illinois) was a German conductor and composer, most famous for his 37-year tenure as music director of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.	Frederick Stock	Chicago
place of death	Caterina Dolfin (Venice, 8 May 1736 - Venice, 14 November 1793) was an Italian (Venetian) poet.	Caterina Dolfin	Venice
place of death	Albert Sercu (26 January 1918, Bornem -- 24 August 1978, Roeselare) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer.	Albert Sercu	Roeselare
place of death	Joan Oró i Florensa (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan uˈɾo), Western Catalan: (ʒoˈan oˈɾo)) (October 26, 1923 in Lleida -- September 2, 2004 in Barcelona) was a biochemist from Catalonia (Spain), whose research has been of importance in understanding the origin of life.	Joan Oró	Barcelona
place of death	Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen (Arnhem, 13 November 1957 -- Amsterdam, 27 September 2005) was a Dutch film director.	Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen	Amsterdam
place of death	Boško Simonović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бoшko Cимoнoвић) (February 12, 1898; Šid, Austria-Hungary -- August 5, 1965; Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) was a Yugoslavian football coach, player, referee, and administrator.	Boško Simonović	Belgrade
place of death	Paul Hamburger (3 September 1920, Vienna -- 11 April 2004, London) was a British pianist, accompanist, chamber musician, and scholar.	Paul Hamburger	London
place of death	Mohammed Shihabuddin Nadvi (1931--2002) was an Islamic thinker, scholastic philosopher, religious reformer and writer from India.	Shihabuddin Nadvi	India
place of death	Erich Grützner (born Pirna 30 July 1910: died Leipzig 21 November 2001) was an East German Trades unionist and a senior official in the country's ruling SED (party).	Erich Grützner	Leipzig
place of death	Anchimolius was interred at Alopecae in Attica.	Anchimolius	Attica
place of death	Captain José Raimundo Carrillo (1749 -- 1809) was an early Hispanic settler of San Diego, California and founder of the Carrillo family in Spanish California.	José Raimundo Carrillo	San Diego
place of death	Johann Eduard Reichenow (7 July 1883, Berlin -- 23 March 1960, Wuppertal) was a German protozoologist.	Eduard Reichenow	Wuppertal
place of death	Ottó Baditz, (19 March 1849 in Tótkeresztúr -- 21 April 1936 in Magyarkeresztúr) was a Hungarian painter and illustrator who specialized in scenes with women and children.	Ottó Baditz	Magyarkeresztúr
place of death	François-Edmond Fortier ( 1862, Celles-sur-Plaine,- 8 February 1928, Dakar) was a French documentary photographer, editor and ethnographer.	François-Edmond Fortier	Dakar
place of death	Bernhard Paumgartner (born 14 November 1887 in Vienna; died 27 July 1971 in Salzburg) was an Austrian conductor, composer and musicologist.	Bernhard Paumgartner	Salzburg
place of death	Johann Christoph von Wöllner (19 May 1732, Döberitz, Margraviate of Brandenburg - 10 September 1800, Grossriez near Beeskow) was a Prussian pastor and politician under King Frederick William II. He inclined to mysticism and joined the Freemasons and Rosicrucians.	Johann Christoph von Wöllner	Beeskow
place of death	Louky Bersianik (Lucile Durand) (14 November 1930 Montreal, Quebec -- 3 December 2011) was a French Canadian novelist.	Louky Bersianik	Montreal
place of death	György Bródy (July 21, 1908 in Budapest -- August 5, 1967 in Johannesburg, South Africa) was a Hungarian water polo player.	György Bródy	Johannesburg
place of death	Mario Arturo Acosta Chaparro Escápite (19 January 1942 -- 20 April 2012) was a Mexican Army general who was shot dead in an incident in Mexico City.	Mario Arturo Acosta Chaparro	Mexico City
place of death	Baron Moritz von Cohn (19 September 1812, Wörlitz - 29 April 1900, Dessau) was a German-Jewish private banker.	Moritz von Cohn	Dessau
place of death	John Buckler died in Newington, London, in 1851, two years after his retirement.	John Buckler	Newington
place of death	Sharkey was born in Brooklyn to Cecelia and Ray Sharkey, Sr. He was of Irish and Italian descent.	Ray Sharkey	Brooklyn
place of death	Davorin Jenko, (born Martin Jenko; Dvorje 9 November 1835 -- Ljubljana, 25 November 1914) was a Slovene and Serbian composer.	Davorin Jenko	Ljubljana
place of death	Judah ben Joseph ibn Bulat was a Spanish Talmudist and rabbi; born at the end of the 15th century in Estella, Navarre; died probably in Istanbul about 1550.	Judah ben Joseph ibn Bulat	Istanbul
place of death	Wolfgang Carl Briegel (21 May 1626, Königsberg, Bavaria -- 19 November 1712, Darmstadt, Germany) was a German organist, teacher, and composer.	Wolfgang Carl Briegel	Darmstadt
place of death	Colonel Arthur B. Sleigh, also known as Burrowes Willcocks Arthur Sleigh (1821, Montreal-1869, Chelsea) was an Canadian-born British army officer, travel writer and the original founder of the British newspaper The Daily Telegraph.	Arthur B. Sleigh	Chelsea
place of death	Albert Clément (c.1878 - died 17 May 1907, Dieppe, Seine-Maritime) was a French motor racing driver.	Albert Clément	Dieppe
place of death	Jacob Niclas Ahlström (5 June 1805 in Visby, Gotland -- 14 May 1857 in Stockholm) was a Swedish Kapellmeister and composer.	Jacob Niclas Ahlström	Stockholm
place of death	In March 1590, Petru Cercel was embarked on a ship, under the pretext of sailing to exile in Rhodes, and was decapitated on the spot.	Petru Cercel	Rhodes
place of death	Rudolph Dirks (February 26, 1877, Heide, Schleswig-Holstein Province -- April 20, 1968, New York City) was one of the earliest and most noted comic strip artists, well known for The Katzenjammer Kids (later known as The Captain and the Kids).	Rudolph Dirks	New York City
place of death	Segundo Castillo Varela (born July 17, 1913 in Callao, Peru - died October 1, 1993 in Callao, Peru) was a former Peruvian footballer who played for Peru, Chile, Argentina and Colombia and the Peru national football team.	Segundo Castillo Varela	Callao
position held	Frederick W. Cords, Jr. (December 27, 1903 - ?) was an American electrical engineer from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Frederick W. Cords, Jr.	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Andrew Fisher (29 August 1862 -- 22 October 1928) was an Australian politician who served as Prime Minister of Australia on three separate occasions.	Andrew Fisher	Prime Minister of Australia
position played on team / speciality	Tom Cecic was a Croatian American soccer defender who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and earned one cap with the U.S. national team.	Tom Cecic	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Renan Trombelli (born April 19, 1991 in Maringá) or simply Bruno Renan is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Pelotas.	Bruno Renan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Enrique Vicente Hernández, (born 8 February 1945) also known as ``Quique'', (born 8 February or 8 December 1945) is a retired Spanish football defender.	Enrique Vicente Hernández	defender
position played on team / speciality	Moïse Brou Apanga (born 4 February 1982 in Abidjan), is a Côte d'Ivoire born Gabonese football defender who plays for Mangasport, and the Gabonese national team.	Moïse Brou Apanga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Nikolaevich Smirnov (Russian: Влади́мир Никола́евич Смирно́в) (April 15, 1947 -- May 8, 2014) was a Soviet association football defender.	Vladimir Nikolaevich Smirnov	defender
position played on team / speciality	César Plasencia (born Sacramento, California is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who played professionally in both Mexico and the United States. He is the head coach of the Cosumnes River College women's soccer team.	César Plasencia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paul Bravo (born June 19, 1968 in Campbell, California) is a former American soccer midfielder and forward who played six seasons in Major League Soccer, two in the American Professional Soccer League and two in the USISL.	Paul Bravo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nuno Miguel Mendes Cavaleiro (born 7 January 1976 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a winger.	Nuno Miguel Mendes Cavaleiro	winger
position played on team / speciality	Margherita Gioia Masia is an Italian football defender, currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Serie A. She has also played for SS Lazio, Torres CF and GS Roma.	Gioia Masia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bozhidar Stoychev (Bulgarian: Божидар Стойчев; born 1 May 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Bansko.	Bozhidar Stoychev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Valentino Degani (14 February 1905 -- 1974) was an Italian football player in goalkeeper role.	Valentino Degani	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Niall Henderson (born 7 February 1988) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Glentoran as a midfielder He will join Linfield on 1 July 2015.	Niall Henderson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nazri Sabri is a footballer who plays for Hougang United as a goalkeeper in the S.League.	Nazri Sabri	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aristos Aristokleous (Greek: 'Αριστος Αριστοκλέους) (born February 28, 1974) is a former international Cypriot football defender.	Aristos Aristokleous	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hassan Al Mosawi is a Bahraini football defender who played for Bahrain in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Hassan Al Mosawi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paul Bottomley (born 11 September 1965 in Harrogate) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a defender.	Paul Bottomley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Ludovic Ribeiro Pereira (born 18 June 1990 in Paris, France), known as Ludovic, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Moldovan club FC Zimbru Chișinău as a winger.	Alexandre Ludovic	winger
position played on team / speciality	Callum Fordyce (born 23 June 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Scottish League One side Dunfermline Athletic.	Callum Fordyce	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Rafik Halliche (Arabic: رفيق حليش‎; born 2 September 1986) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for Qatar SC as a central defender.	Rafik Halliche	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leandro de Deus Santos (born 26 April 1977 in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais), known as Leandro or Léo de Deus, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Leandro de Deus Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ri Il-jin (리일진; born 20 August 1993) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Ri Il-jin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marc Limbert (born 3 October 1973, Mancot) is a Welsh football midfielder, currently with Welsh side Bangor City.	Marc Limbert	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olivier Magnan-Grenier (born May 1, 1986 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Dornbirner EC in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Olivier Magnan	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Barrie Thomas (born 19 May 1937) is an English former professional footballer who played as an centre forward.	Barrie Thomas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Davit Kokhia (born 22 April 1993) is a Georgian footballer who last played as a midfielder for FK Vojvodina in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Davit Kokhia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Martens (born July 5, 1981) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who most notably played for the Wichita Thunder of the then Central Hockey League.	Andrew Martens	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Attilio Ferraris (26 March 1904 in Rome -- 8 May 1947 in Montecatini Terme) was an Italian football midfielder.	Attilio Ferraris	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petar Lazarov (Bulgarian: Петър Лазаров; born 23 November 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a midfielder for Pirin Razlog.	Petar Lazarov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Davit Iashvili (Ukrainian: Давіт Михайлович Іашвілі; Georgian: დავით იაშვილი; born 1 September 1992) is a professional Georgian-born Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Obolon-Brovar Kyiv in the Ukrainian Second League.	Davit Iashvili	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Silva dos Santos (born 8 October 1990), known as Rafael Silva or Rafa Silva, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward forCruzeiro.	Rafael Silva dos Santos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Steliyan Popchev (Bulgarian: Стелиян Попчев) (born 8 April 1976 in Stara Zagora) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a defender and is currently administrative director of Beroe.	Steliyan Popchev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Keba Paul Koulibaly is a Burkinabé football defender who plays for the Burkina Faso national football team.	Paul Koulibaly	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mark Sinyangwe (29 December 1979 -- 11 August 2011) was a Zambian football defender.	Mark Sinyangwe	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carsten Hemmingsen (born December 18, 1970) is a former Danish professional football midfielder and now coach of the Danish club FC Svendborg.	Carsten Hemmingsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Makis Papaioannou (Greek: Μάκης Παπαιωάννου; born May 8, 1977 in Larnaca, Cyprus), is a former Cypriot football defender.	Makis Papaioannou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Burke Slusher was a guest goalkeeper coach for the Kansas City Wizards (MLS) Youth Training Program in 2003 and 2004.	Burke Slusher	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vicente Piquer Mora (born 24 February 1935 in Algar de Palancia, Valencian Community) is a retired Spanish footballer, who played as a defender.	Vicente Piquer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Đorđe Tomić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Томић; born 11 November 1972 in Belgrade) is a former Serbian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Đorđe Tomić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Quennoz (born 21 September 1978 in Valais) is a former Swiss football player, who last played as a defender for Swiss Super League club Neuchâtel Xamax.	Alexandre Quennoz	defender
position played on team / speciality	Erhardt Kapp (born June 16, 1959, in Romania) is a retired Romanian-American soccer defender and current business owner and soccer coach.	Erhardt Kapp	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ali Sina Rabbani (Persian: علی سینا ربانی‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Foolad in the Iran Pro League.	Ali Sina Rabbani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tadeu de Jesus Nogueira Júnior (born 9 July 1981), commonly known as Juninho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Audax São Paulo.	Tadeu de Jesus Nogueira Júnior	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dion Bates (born 16 July 1981 in Invercargill, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a flanker for the Southland Stags in the Air New Zealand Cup.	Dion Bates	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Rubén López García-Madrid (Chinese: 魯賓; born 9 July 1979) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Yokohama FC Hong Kong as a central defender.	Rubén López García-Madrid	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Stoyan (born 19 August 1980 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian footballer defender playing in the professional Ukrainian First League club Desna Chernihiv.	Maksym Stoyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milenko Veljković (Serbian Cyrillic: Миленко Вељковић, born 20 September 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing as a center for Mega Leks of the Basketball League of Serbia.	Milenko Veljković	center
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Fedato (born 15 October 1992) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Livorno on loan from Sampdoria in the Italian Serie B. He plays as a forward.	Francesco Fedato	forward
position played on team / speciality	Þóra Björg Helgadóttir (born 5 May 1981), commonly Anglicised as Thora Helgadottir, is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Þóra Björg Helgadóttir	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ryan McWilliams (born 24 November 1989) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Greenock Juniors as a goalkeeper.	Ryan McWilliams	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Víctor Salazar (born February 14, 1991 in Quibdó, Chocó) is a Colombian football forward, who currently plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A. Salazar is a product of the Millonarios youth system and played with the Millonarios first team since March, 2009.	Víctor Salazar	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Dougal (born 3 October 1913; died Walton-on-Thames 17 October 1999) was a Scottish footballer, who played as an inside forward for Kilsyth Rangers, Falkirk, Preston North End, Carlisle United, Halifax Town and Chorley.	Jimmy Dougal	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Adrián Aldrete (born 14 June 1988) is a Mexican footballer, who plays at midfielder for Santos Laguna in Liga MX.	Adrián Aldrete	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cor Veldhoen (born 6 April 1939 in Rotterdam-death 11 October 2005) is a former Dutch footballer who was active as a defender.	Cor Veldhoen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Leung Cheuk Cheung (Chinese: 梁卓長; Jyutping: loeng4 coek3 coeng4; born 22 February 1965 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong football goalkeeper who has played for Hong Kong First Division club Happy Valley.	Leung Cheuk Cheung	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bram Verbist (born 5 March 1983 in Antwerp) is a Belgian professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Roda JC Kerkrade in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Bram Verbist	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hocine Benmiloudi (January 31, 1955 in El Madania, Algiers -- November 5, 1981 in Algiers) was an Algerian football forward who played for Algeria in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.	Hocine Benmiloudi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pierre Ducrocq (born December 18, 1976 in Pontoise) is a former French footballer who played as a defender or midfielder.	Pierre Ducrocq	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Manuel Aira Lindoso (born 14 March 1976) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a central defender, and the current manager of Real Murcia.	José Manuel Aira	defender
position played on team / speciality	Philippe Bergeroo (born 28 January 1954) is a former football goalkeeper and the current manager of the French women's national team.	Philippe Bergeroo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Férébory Doré (born 21 January 1989) is a Congolese footballer who plays as a forward for Ligue 1 side Angers and the Congo national team.	Férébory Doré	forward
position played on team / speciality	Artur Zapadnya (Ukrainian: Артур Володимирович Западня; born 4 June 1990 in Pervomaisk in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Sumy in the Ukrainian First League.	Artur Zapadnya	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vincenzo Marruocco (born 26 March 1979 in Naples) is an Italian football goalkeeper currently contracted with Avellino.	Vincenzo Marruocco	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Oladimeji Lawal (born 24 July 1971) is a former Nigerian footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Nigeria, Spain and Belgium.	Oladimeji Lawal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pascal Borel (born 26 September 1978 in Karlsruhe) is a German football coach and former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Pascal Borel	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Igor Kojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Којић, born 30 July 1987) is a Serbian football goalkeeper currently playing for Santa Clara.	Igor Kojić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Viktor Zhylin (Ukrainian: Віктор Степанович Жилін, Russian: Виктор Степанович Жилин; 9 January 1923 -- 14 October 2009) was a Ukrainian football defender and forward and manager, the master of sports, the honored trainer of Ukraine.	Viktor Zhylin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Wächter (born 20 April 1978 in Herne) is a German former football goalkeeper .	Stefan Wächter	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yao Lijun (Chinese: 姚力君; pinyin: Yáo Lìjūn born on 2 October 1981 in Haining, Zhejiang) is a former Chinese football player who played the majority of his career as a defender for Shanghai Shenhua.	Yao Lijun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Billy Phillips (born August 9, 1956 in Long Island, New York) is a former U.S. soccer goalkeeper who played three seasons in the North American Soccer League, six in the Major Indoor Soccer League and later coached the Dallas Sidekicks for two seasons.	Billy Phillips	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Lepa (born 28 October 1976) is a retired football defender from Estonia.	Martin Lepa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Georges Claude Pronovost (born July 22, 1935) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender who played three games in the National Hockey League.	Claude Pronovost	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Derek Smethurst (born 24 October 1947 in Durban) is a retired South African soccer forward who played professionally in South Africa, England and the United States.	Derek Smethurst	forward
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Alfonso Herrero Javaloyas (born 29 July 1988), commonly known as Míchel, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Oviedo on loan from Chinese club Guangzhou R&F F.C. mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Miguel Alfonso Herrero	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harutyun Abrahamyan (born 4 December 1969 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired football goalkeeper from Armenia.	Harutyun Abrahamyan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Edvard Lasota (born 7 March 1971) is a former Czech football player who played mostly as a midfielder.	Edvard Lasota	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nigel Saddington (born 9 December 1965 in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a defender.	Nigel Saddington	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mor Dahan (born March 19, 1989) is an Israeli football (soccer) defender for the Liga Bet club F.C. Robi Shapira Haifa.	Mor Dahan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Otso Virtanen (born 3 April 1994) is a Finnish football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish club Hibernian.	Otso Virtanen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jason Holt (born 19 February 1993) is a Scottish professional football player who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Championship side Rangers.	Jason Holt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrius Skerla (born 29 April 1977 in Vilnius) is a Lithuanian former professional football defender.	Andrius Skerla	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Gottardi (born October 18, 1985 in Encantado, Rio Grande do Sul), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Eduardo Gottardi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jesper Sørensen (born June 10, 1973) is a former Danish professional football midfielder and current manager.	Jesper Sørensen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Neno Katulić (born 26 June 1975) is a retired Croatian football forward who last played in lower Croatian divisions.	Neno Katulić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Eko Purjianto (born on February 1, 1976) is an Indonesian footballer who previously played as a defender for PSPS Pekanbaru and the Indonesia national team.	Eko Purjianto	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shane Gore (born 28 October 1981 in Ashford, Kent) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Shane Gore	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alain Roche is a former French association football defender.	Alain Roche	defender
position played on team / speciality	Julien Fernandes de Sousa Almeida (born 16 March 1985 in Montluçon, Auvergne), known as Fernandes, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club FC Jumilla as a defensive midfielder.	Julien Fernandes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jack Hillman (30 October 1871 -- 1 August 1955) was an English football goalkeeper who played for Burnley, Everton, Dundee, Manchester City and Millwall.	Jack Hillman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Howell Lewis (24 May 1888 -- 29 May 1971) was a Welsh international rugby union wing who played club rugby for Swansea Rugby Football Club and was capped for Wales on four occasions.	Howell Lewis	wing
position played on team / speciality	Oluwasemilogo Adesewo Ibidapo Ajayi (born 9 November 1993), known as Semi Ajayi is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Crewe Alexandra, on loan from Cardiff City.	Semi Ajayi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tijani Belaïd (Arabic: تيجاني بلعيد‎) (born 6 September 1987) is a French-born Tunisian international footballer who plays for Club Africain as an attacking midfielder.	Tijani Belaïd	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jay Harrison (born November 3, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Manitoba Moose in the American Hockey League, the minor-league affiliate of the Winnipeg Jets.	Jay Harrison	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Anne Dot Eggers Nielsen (born 6 November 1975) is a Danish former football midfielder and journalist.	Anne Dot Eggers Nielsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ralph Dain (born 1862; date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played as a defender for Port Vale in the 1880s.	Ralph Dain	defender
position played on team / speciality	Valentin Dartilov (Bulgarian: Валентин Дъртилов; born 14 August 1967) is a former Bulgarian footballer who was deployed as a defender.	Valentin Dartilov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Billy Yeats (born 4 February 1951) is an English former footballer who made 34 appearances in the Football League playing as a forward for York City and Darlington.	Billy Yeats	forward
position played on team / speciality	Namig Alasgarov (Azerbaijani: Namiq Ələsgərov, born on 3 February 1995 in Qusar, Azerbaijan) is an Azerbaijani football Offensive midfielder.	Namig Alasgarov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eimantas Poderis (born 13 September 1973) is a Lithuanian football forward, who currently plays for FK Tauras Tauragė.	Eimantas Poderis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jane Nikolovski (Macedonian: Јане Николовски) (born 12 December 1973 in Prilep) is a retired Macedonian football goalkeeper and currently coach of FK Turnovo.	Jane Nikolovski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Miguel Dias Gonçalves (born 31 October 1983 in Pedroso, Vila Nova de Gaia) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Felgueiras as a right winger.	Jorge Miguel Dias Gonçalves	winger
position played on team / speciality	Kim Seung-dae (Hangul: 김승대; born 1 April 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Yanbian Funde in Chinese Super League.	Kim Seung-dae	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nicky Salapu (born September 13, 1980 in Pago Pago) is an American Samoan association football goalkeeper who currently plays for Mitra Kukar in Indonesia.	Nicky Salapu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michele Pazienza (Italian pronunciation: (miˈkɛle patˈtsjɛntsa); born 5 August 1982) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Vicenza Calcio in the Serie B. Pazienza was born in San Severo (Foggia province) and grew up in A.C.D. Foggia's youth team.	Michele Pazienza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefano Bonomo (born 25 January 1993) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for the New York Red Bulls II in the USL.	Stefano Bonomo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jerónimo de la Fuente (born 24 February 1991) is an Argentine rugby union footballer who plays as a centre for Duendes and the Argentina national rugby union team.	Jerónimo de la Fuente	centre
position played on team / speciality	Anthony Šerić (born 15 January 1979) is a retired Croatian Australian footballer who played as a defender.	Anthony Šerić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lamberto Zauli (born 19 July 1971 in Rome) is the Italian association football coach and former player who spent his career playing as a attacking midfielder, but was also capable of playing on the left wing on occasion.	Lamberto Zauli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petar Borota (Serbian Cyrillic: Пeтap Бopoтa) (5 March 1952 -- 12 February 2010) was a Serbian footballer who played as a goalkeeper, most notably for Partizan and Chelsea.	Petar Borota	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mauricio Mazzetti was born June 18, 1986, in Córdoba, Argentina, and is an Argentine football defender.	Mauricio Mazzetti	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Pangallo (born 4 February 1990 in Ulm) is an Italian-German footballer who plays as a defender for SSV Ulm 1846.	Antonio Pangallo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fabiano Pereira da Costa (born 6 April 1978 in Marília, Brazil) is an association football player who played midfielder plays for XV de Piracicaba.	Fabiano Pereira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ronnie Turnbull (18 July 1922 -- November 1966) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward.	Ronnie Turnbull	forward
position played on team / speciality	José Pimenta (born 30 December 1899 -- deceased) was a Portuguese football player, who played as a forward for Benfica.	José Pimenta	forward
position played on team / speciality	Chigozie Agbim is a Nigerian goalkeeper who plays for Enugu Rangers in the Nigerian Premier League.	Chigozie Agbim	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	He signed a new four-year contract with the NZRU, and when Alama Ieremia took up a contract in Japan Tana Umaga decided to shift his focus to centre, despite scoring 9 tries in 7 tests on the wing that year.	Tana Umaga	centre
position played on team / speciality	Gordon Easson (2 July 1928 -- 2009) was a Scottish footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for East Fife and Worcester City.	Gordon Easson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Norman Callender (9 June 1924 -- 1990) was an English footballer who made 27 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half for Darlington in the 1940s.	Norman Callender	wing half
position played on team / speciality	José Luis Ablanedo Iglesias (Spanish pronunciation: (xo'se 'luis aβla'neðo); born 22 August 1962) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.	José Luis Ablanedo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mzikayise Mashaba (born 13 January 1989) is a South African international footballer who plays professionally for Bidvest Wits as a midfielder.	Mzikayise Mashaba	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George A. Best was an English football goalkeeper.	George A. Best	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luis Gustavo Cetin or simply Luis Cetin (born August 5, 1987 in Limeira), is a goalkeeper who is of Turkish descent.	Luis Cetin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Adnan Likić (born 9 August 1986) is a Bosnian football player currently playing as a defender for NK Karlovac in the Croatia Prva HNL.	Adnan Likić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Abdelaziz Tchikou (born 14 December 1985) is an Algerian professional football player who currently plays as a forward for Algerian Ligue 2 club RC Kouba.	Mohamed Abdelaziz Tchikou	forward
position played on team / speciality	Moses Odjer (born 17 August 1996) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Salernitana on loan from Calcio Catania.	Moses Odjer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lovre Vulin (born 2 September 1984) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a defender who is currently playing for NK Pakoštane.	Lovre Vulin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Zhitkov (born June 4, 1984) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey goaltender who currently playing for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league.	Pavel Zhitkov	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Viv Huzzey (24 July 1876 - 29 August 1929) was a Welsh rugby union wing who played club rugby for Cardiff and won five caps for Wales.	Viv Huzzey	wing
position played on team / speciality	Georgios Simos (Greek: Γιώργος Σίμος; born 29 March 1978) is a Greek football defender who played as a defender for several Greek Super League clubs, including Atromitos F.C., Larissa F.C. and Ionikos F.C..	Georgios Simos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Abdinur Mohamud (born 13 September 1997) is a Somalian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Tanzanian club Miembeni and the Somalian national football team.	Abdinur Mohamud	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Paul Arano Ruiz (born February 23, 1995, in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian football midfielder currently playing for Blooming in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Paul Arano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Morten Cramer (born 7 November 1967), is a Danish educated police man, who formerly played professional football (soccer) as a goalkeeper at BK Frem in the Danish Second Division.	Morten Cramer	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Venicia Reid (born 28 October 1987) is a Jamaican international football forward.	Venicia Reid	forward
position played on team / speciality	Francisco de Borja Pérez-Peñas Díaz-Mauriño (born 1 April 1982), known as Borja, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward.	Borja Pérez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marcos Gullón Ferrera (born 20 February 1989 in Madrid) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Dutch club Roda JC Kerkrade as a (defensive) midfielder.	Marcos Gullón	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marko Obradović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Обрадовић, born 30 June 1991) is a Montenegrin football forward.	Marko Obradović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Botir Nosirov (Russian: Ботир Носиров; born 11 June 1985 in Karshi) is a goalkeeper from Uzbekistan.	Botir Nosirov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Bajalica (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Бајалица; born December 15, 1981 in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia), is a Serbian football defender currently playing for Kyoto Sanga in the J. League Division 2.	Miloš Bajalica	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marko Kvasina (born 20 December 1996) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as an forward for Austria Wien.	Marko Kvasina	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marco Grassi (born 8 August 1968 in Chiasso) is a retired Swiss footballer, who played as a centre forward.	Marco Grassi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lisbeth Castro (born April 28, 1988, in Libertad de Orituco) is a Venezuelan football goalkeeper currently playing for Caracas in the Venezuelan Championship.	Lisbeth Castro	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Milan Vilotić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Вилотић; born 21 October 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer who plays as centre-back for Swiss Super League team Young Boys.	Milan Vilotić	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Arnaldo Ariel Ortega is a retired Argentine football attacking midfielder.	Ariel Ortega	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George Telfer (born 6 July 1955) is an English retired footballer who played as a forward in the Football League during the 1970s and 1980s, most notably with Everton.	George Telfer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Christian Järdler (born 3 June 1982) is a Swedish former footballer who played both defender and midfielder, and current manager of Ängelholms FF.	Christian Järdler	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andy Haddock is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Chester City, Crewe Alexandra, Rotherham United and Bradford Park Avenue.	Andy Haddock	winger
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Metcalf (April 8, 1889 in Sunderland -- February 9, 1936) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.	Arthur Metcalf	forward
position played on team / speciality	José Vicente Sánchez Felip (born 8 October 1956), nicknamed Tente, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	José Vicente Sánchez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mathieu Robail (born 2 June 1985 in Cambrai) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Championnat National club CA Bastia.	Mathieu Robail	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roger Galera Flores, or simply Roger (born August 17, 1978), is a former Brazilian attacking midfielder.	Roger Galera Flores	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Francisco Serra (born 6 November 1935 -- deceased) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a defender for Benfica.	Manuel Francisco Serra	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Košický (born 11 March 1986) is a Slovak goalkeeper who currently plays for Asteras Tripolis in the Greek Superleague Greece.	Tomáš Košický	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kory Kocur (born March 6, 1969) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right winger.	Kory Kocur	winger
position played on team / speciality	Kévin Gameiro (born 9 May 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sevilla FC mainly a forward but also as a right winger.	Kévin Gameiro	forward
position played on team / speciality	Simone Pepe (Italian pronunciation: (siˈmone ˈpepe); born 30 August 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for A.C. Chievo Verona as a winger, on either side of the pitch.	Simone Pepe	winger
position played on team / speciality	Alex Barboza de Azevedo Terra (born 2 September 1982), known as Alex Terra or Alex, is a Brazilian footballer who last played as a forward for Penapolense.	Alex Barboza de Azevedo Terra	forward
position played on team / speciality	Perry Digweed (born 26 October 1959) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Fulham, Brighton & Hove Albion, Chelsea, Wimbledon and Watford, making 226 appearances in the Football League.	Perry Digweed	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ferhat Kaya (born 11 March 1986 in Beringen) is a Belgian professional footballer of Turkish descent who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Ferhat Kaya	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Robert Primus (born 10 November 1990) is a Trinidadian international footballer who plays professionally for Aktobe in the Kazakhstan Premier League, as a defender.	Robert Primus	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milen Bonev (Bulgarian: Милен Бонев; born 1 July 1986 in Tryavna) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Kaliakra Kavarna as a defender.	Milen Bonev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Scardina (born 11 December 1981 in Rivalta di Torino) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender.	Francesco Scardina	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juliano Roberto Antonello (born 19 November 1979), commonly known as Juca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Juliano Roberto Antonello	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fred Richardson is a footballer who played as a centre forward in the Football League for Chelsea, Hartlepools United, Barnsley, West Bromwich Albion and Chester City.	Fred Richardson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Haas (born on 1 August 1983 in Erlenbach am Main, West Germany) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1.	Daniel Haas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mumtaz Akhtar (born 8 December 1988) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Pune in the I-League.	Mumtaz Akhtar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeffrey Gouweleeuw (born 10 July 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for German club FC Augsburg, as a centre back.	Jeffrey Gouweleeuw	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Lesmond Prinsen (born 18 June 1973 in Heerenveen) is a retired football defender from the Netherlands.	Lesmond Prinsen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lorenzo Minotti (born 8 February 1967) is an Italian former football (soccer) player who played as a defender.	Lorenzo Minotti	defender
position played on team / speciality	İbrahim Serdar Aydın (born 19 July 1996) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Yeşil Bursa, on loan from Bursaspor.	İbrahim Serdar Aydın	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Savvas Kofidis (Greek: Σάββας Κωφίδης; born 5 February 1961 near Alma-Ata, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a Greek football coach and former midfielder player.	Savvas Kofidis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Soheil Asgharzad Fayyaz (Persian: سهیل اصغرزاد فیاض‎, born 13 January 1993 in Anzali, Iran) is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran's Premier League football.	Soheil Asgharzad	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Samir Louadj (born 9 December 1985 in Forbach, France) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing as a midfielder for Luxembourg club CS Grevenmacher.	Samir Louadj	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rui Miguel Cabral Furtado (born 13 March 1989) known as Ruizinho, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Santa Clara as a midfielder.	Rui Miguel Cabral Furtado	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Germain (born 22 January 1982) is a Haitian football (soccer) player, who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Baltimore SC.	Peter Germain	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Colonnese (born 10 August 1971 in Potenza) is an Italian former football defender.	Francesco Colonnese	defender
position played on team / speciality	Volodimir Levin (born 23 January 1984 in Arkhangelsk, Russian SFSR) is an Azerbaijani professional footballer, who last played as a defender for Gabala and the Azerbaijan national team.	Volodimir Levin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Steve Marr (born on June 6, 1984 in Kamloops, British Columbia) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Leader Flyers of the Sask West Hockey League, a senior league in west central Saskatchewan.	Steve Marr	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Éder Díez Sánchez (born 15 July 1987) is a Spanish footballer playing for Chaves in Liga de Honra as a forward.	Éder Díez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Vidojević (born 6 April 1979) is a footballer who last played as a midfielder for FK Sloga Kraljevo.	Dušan Vidojević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Frison (born 22 January 1988) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club Salernitana on loan from Lega Pro side Catania, as a goalkeeper.	Alberto Frison	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lee Jung-soo (Korean: 이정수; born 8 January 1980) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a central defender.	Lee Jung-soo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alim Qurbanov (born 5 December 1977) is an Azerbaijani footballer who most played for Azerbaijan Premier League club FK Khazar Lenkoran as a midfielder.	Alim Qurbanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Moataz Yaseen Mahjoub Al-Fityani (born 3 November 1982) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin, who plays as a goalkeeper for That Ras.	Moataz Yaseen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Simon Piesinger (born 13 May 1992) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for SK Sturm Graz in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Simon Piesinger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Lepović (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилош Леповић, born October 3, 1987) is a Serbian football midfielder, who plays for Mladost Lučani in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Miloš Lepović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Faty (born 4 August 1986 in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, France) is a Senegalese international football midfielder who currently plays for Bursaspor in Turkey.	Ricardo Faty	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stefano Nava (born February 19, 1969 in Milan) is a former Italian footballer, in the role of defender.	Stefano Nava	defender
position played on team / speciality	Göran Harry Svensson (11 June 1945 --) is a former Swedish footballer (midfielder).	Harry Svensson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fergus Tiernan (born 3 January 1982 in Helensburgh, Scotland) is a former football midfielder who retired from the sport in 2009 at the age of 27.	Fergus Tiernan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Walter Zeman (1 May 1927 - 8 August 1991) was an Austrian football goalkeeper and an integral part of the second Austrian Wunderteam of the 1950s.	Walter Zeman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed El-Gabbas (Arabic: محمد الجباس‎; born July 1, 1987, in Port Said), also known as ``Doody'' El Gabbas, is an Egyptian football forward who plays for Wadi Degla.	Mohamed El-Gabbas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Hardi Jaafar (born 30 May 1979) is a Malaysian footballer who is a midfielder.	Hardi Jaafar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew Restrepo (born October 8, 1970 in Bridgeport, Connecticut) is a retired American soccer defender who played one season with the MetroStars in Major League Soccer.	Andrew Restrepo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Danny Holla (born December 31, 1987 in Almere, Flevoland) is a Dutch professional football midfielder who plays for English club Brighton & Hove Albion.	Danny Holla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fagundes Rafael Mariano, also known as Rafael Jataí, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as defensive midfielder.	Rafael Jataí	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Pugliese (born 26 March 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays for Atalanta as a central midfielder or right winger.	Mario Pugliese	winger
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Macho (born 24 August 1977 in Vienna) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Admira Wacker Mödling.	Jürgen Macho	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Saeid Amraei (Persian: سعید امرایی‎, born 5 June 1992 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran's Premier League football.	Saeid Amraei	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pasquale Luiso, born 30 October 1969 in Naples, Italy, is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a forward, and the former coach of Sora.	Pasquale Luiso	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dale Caya is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who was the 1990 American Professional Soccer League Goalkeeper of the Year.	Dale Caya	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Maxime Ndongo (born 8 November 1992 in Douala, Cameroon), is a Cameroonian-born naturalized Equatoguinean amateur football midfielder.	Jean-Maxime Ndongo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Phil Kite (born 26 October 1962 in Bristol, England) is a former football goalkeeper, goalkeeping coach and physiopherapist.	Phil Kite	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ariel Harush (or Ariel Harosh, Hebrew: אריאל הרוש‎; born 25 May 1988) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hapoel Tel Aviv and for the Israel national football team.	Ariel Harush	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Oleg Kubarev (Belarusian: Алег Кубареў; Russian: Олег Кубарев; born 8 February 1966) is a Belarusian football manager and former footballer (midfielder), who is currently coaching Latvian club Spartaks Jūrmala.	Oleg Kubarev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paweł Linka (born June 26, 1986 in Poznań) is a Polish professional football goalkeeper.	Paweł Linka	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stanislav Galiev (born 17 January 1992 in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Stanislav Galiev	winger
position played on team / speciality	Evanildo Fernandes Gomes, commonly known as Nildo Petrolina , (born 1 May 1986 in Petrolina) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for F.C. Arouca as a midfielder.	Nildo Petrolina	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Hololobov (Ukrainian: Дмитро Вікторович Гололобов, born 1 January 1985 in Kirovohrad, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union), is a Ukrainian football defender.	Dmytro Hololobov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dean Računica (born 5 December 1969) is a retired Croatian football midfielder and coach, which was recently managed Junak Sinj.	Dean Računica	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arturo Chaires Riso (born 14 March 1937) is a Mexican football defender who played for Mexico in the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups.	Arturo Chaires	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Cann (born September 19, 1980) is a Canadian international soccer defender.	Adrian Cann	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Eduardo Gallardo Nájera (born 8 April 1984) is a Guatemalan professional football defender who currently plays for Marquense in the Liga Nacional de Guatemala.	Carlos Eduardo Gallardo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jim Renwick (born 12 February 1952) was one of Scotland's greatest rugby players, usually at centre.	Jim Renwick	centre
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Henrique dos Anjos, or simply Fernando Henrique (born November 25, 1983 in Bauru), is a Brazilian goalkeeper who currently plays for Clube do Remo.	Fernando Henrique dos Anjos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jan Moons (born 26 September 1970) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who has represented his country in the national team.	Jan Moons	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tonći Kukoč-Petraello (born 25 September 1990 in Split) is a Croatian football defender, currently playing for Como in the Serie B.	Tonći Kukoč	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ngoy Srin (Khmer: ង៉យ ស្រ៊ីន born 1 September 1994) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a defender for Nagaworld and the Cambodia national football team.	Ngoy Srin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Hyndman (born December 8, 1945 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian former ice hockey right winger who played in the World Hockey Association for the New England Whalers and the Los Angeles Sharks.	Mike Hyndman	winger
position played on team / speciality	Asen Karaslavov (Bulgarian: Асен Караславов; born 8 June 1980 in Asenovgrad) is a former Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender.	Asen Karaslavov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jairo de Macedo da Silva (born 6 May 1992) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC in Greece as a forward.	Jairo de Macedo da Silva	forward
position played on team / speciality	Qiu Shengjiong (Chinese: 邱盛炯; pinyin: Qiū Shèngjiǒng; born 1 September 1985 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football goalkeeper who currently plays for Shanghai Shenhua in the Chinese Super League.	Qiu Shengjiong	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Sérgio de Oliveira Lima, better known as Paulo Sérgio (born in Rio de Janeiro, July 24, 1954) was a Brazilian footballer in the goalkeeper role.	Paulo Sérgio de Oliveira Lima	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	François Remetter (born August 8, 1928 in Strasbourg) is a French former football goalkeeper.	François Remetter	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Davino Verhulst (born 25 November 1987 in Beveren) is a Belgian football (soccer) goalkeeper, who currently plays for K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen.	Davino Verhulst	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Enrique Triverio (born December 31, 1988) is an Argentinian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Deportivo Toluca of the Liga MX.	Enrique Triverio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ikboljon Akramov (born 10 October 1983 in Fergana, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a midfielder for FK Neftchi Farg'ona.	Ikboljon Akramov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frank Tomlinson is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Oldham Athletic, Rochdale and Chester City.	Frank Tomlinson	winger
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Mostovyi (Ukrainian: Андрій Володимирович Мостовий; born 24 January 1988 in Obukhiv, Kyiv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Zirka Kirovohrad.	Andriy Mostovyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adam Svoboda (born June 6, 1978 in Brno), a Czech ice hockey goaltender.	Adam Svoboda	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Albert Fear (25 August 1907 -- 26 July 2000) was a Welsh rugby union flanker who played club rugby for Newport and international rugby for Wales.	Albert Fear	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Jordy ter Borgh (born 5 May 1994 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Eredivisie side SC Heerenveen.	Jordy ter Borgh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eusebio Di Francesco (born 8 September 1969) is a former professional Italian football player and current manager, who played as a midfielder.	Eusebio Di Francesco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lars Pleidrup (born 13 August 1981) is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Danish team Nykøbing FC.	Lars Pleidrup	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olga Aniskovtseva is an international football midfielder currently playing for SShVSM-Kairat Almaty.	Olga Aniskovtseva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Callum Morris (born 3 February 1990) is a professional footballer who plays for Scottish club Dundee United as a central defender.	Callum Morris	defender
position played on team / speciality	Franko Andrijašević (born 22 June 1991 in Split) is a Croatian football player who plays as midfielder for Lokomotiva on loan from Dinamo Zagreb in the Croatian First Football League.	Franko Andrijašević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Constantino Gaona Aranda, more commonly known as Jorge Gaona (born 26 January 1985 in Asunción), is a Paraguayan football midfielder.	Jorge Gaona	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Valeri Sarychev (Russian: Валерий Константинович Сарычев, born 12 January 1960), also known as Shin Eui-son (Korean: 신의손), is a former Russian-Tajikistan-South Korean footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Valeri Sarychev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Benedict Iroha (born November 29, 1969) is a former Nigerian association football defender.	Benedict Iroha	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paweł Bugała (born 31 December 1973 in Lublin) is Polish ex professional football midfielder.	Paweł Bugała	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergiu Juric is a Moldovan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Divizia Națională club Sheriff Tiraspol.	Sergiu Juric	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fuad Gazibegović is a Slovenian footballer of Bosniak descent, who can play as a midfielder or defender.	Fuad Gazibegović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Krešimir Makarin (born 7 January 1987) is a Croatian football player currently a free agent, playing as a forward or a winger.	Krešimir Makarin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Johnnie Lee Higgins (born September 8, 1983) is a former professional American football wide receiver.	Johnnie Lee Higgins	wide receiver
position played on team / speciality	Ramon Menezes Hubner or simply Ramon (born June 30, 1972 in Contagem), is a retired Brazilian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder and currently a professional football manager.	Ramon Menezes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Saeid Azizian (Persian: سعید عزیزیان‎, born 18 December 1965 in Tehran, Iran) is a retired Iranian football goalkeeper and a current coach.	Saeid Azizian	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patricio González (born December 20, 1979, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football midfielder.	Patricio González	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manahati Lestusen (born 17 December 1993 in Liang, South Buru) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Barito Putera as a defensive midfielder.	Manahati Lestusen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Igor Lichnovsky Osorio (born 7 March 1994) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sporting de Gijón on loan from FC Porto as a central defender.	Igor Lichnovsky	defender
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Beech is a retired Jamaican association football forward who played professionally in Jamaica and the United States.	Patrick Beech	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sascha Kirschstein (born 9 June 1980 in Braunschweig) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Sascha Kirschstein	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amin August Jr. (born August 16, 1990) is a Belizean professional forward currently playing for Santa Elena.	Amin August Jr.	forward
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Vasković (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Bacкoвић ; born 14 February 1979 in Niš) is a Serbian professional football goalkeeper currently playing for Radnički Niš in the Serbian First League.	Zoran Vasković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lee Cornwell is a retired English-American football (soccer) defender who spent most of his career in the American indoor leagues.	Lee Cornwell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tomislav Kiš (born 4 April 1994 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football forward who plays for Kortrijk in the Belgian Pro League.	Tomislav Kiš	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michael Southern (born 31 October 1968) is an English former professional association footballer who played as a central defender.	Michael Southern	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vincent Carlier (born December 20, 1979 in Paris) is a French defender.	Vincent Carlier	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rui Filipe Tavares de Bastos (8 March 1968 -- 28 August 1994) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Rui Filipe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jacobo Mansilla (born June 15, 1987 in Castelli) is an Argentine football midfielder, who plays for Olimpo of the Argentine Primera División.	Jacobo Mansilla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Glenn Hoddle (born 27 October 1957) is an English former footballer and manager who played as a midfielder for Tottenham Hotspur, AS Monaco, Chelsea and Swindon Town and at international level for England.	Glenn Hoddle	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tsvetan Dimitrov (Bulgarian: Цветан Димитров; born on 10 February 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Lyubimets 2007.	Tsvetan Dimitrov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Khary Stockton (born September 15, 1971 in Alexandria, Virginia) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent his entire career in the lower U.S. and Brazilian divisions.	Khary Stockton	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrés Estrada Murillo (born November 12, 1967 in Medellin) is a Colombian football (soccer) player in midfielder role.	Andrés Estrada	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robbie Muirhead (born 8 March 1996) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a forward for Dundee United in the Scottish Premiership.	Robbie Muirhead	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pierluigi Magri (born 14 March 1940 in Brescia) is a retired Italian footballer that played in the role of central midfielder.	Pierluigi Magri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zoran Zukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Зукић; born 6 June 1981) is a Serbian football forward.	Zoran Zukić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mogogi Gabonamong (born September 10, 1982 in Mmutlane) is a Botswana football (soccer) defensive midfielder and defender for South African Premier Soccer League club Bloemfontein Celtic and Botswana.	Mogogi Gabonamong	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mateo Kovačić (Croatian pronunciation: (matěo kôʋatʃitɕ); born 6 May 1994) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Croatia national team.	Mateo Kovačić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Quintón Christina (born 3 May 1995) is a Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Jong Holland of the Curaçao League and the Curaçao national football team.	Quintón Christina	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Katrin Schmidt (born 21 June 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Djurgårdens IF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan.	Katrin Schmidt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kostadin Dzhambazov (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Костадин Джамбазов) (born 6 July 1980 in Burgas) is a former Bulgarian footballer, who played as a defender.	Kostadin Dzhambazov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Markus Johannesson (born 29 May 1975) is a retired Swedish football defender and football commentator.	Markus Johannesson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giuseppe Antonini (2 September 1914 -- 29 November 1989) was an Italian footballer, who played as a midfielder, and football manager.	Giuseppe Antonini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tom Poltl (born September 21, 1977) is a retired American soccer midfielder who was a member of the United States U-20 men's national soccer team at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.	Tom Poltl	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Manuel Martínez (born October 25, 1985), nicknamed Burrito (in English, ``Little Donkey''), is an Argentine football forward who currently plays for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer.	Juan Manuel Martínez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Arbnora Robelli is a Swedish Albanian football forward, currently playing for IS Halmia in Sweden's Division 1.	Arbnora Robelli	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sándor Bíró (19 August 1911 -- 1988) was a Hungarian international footballer who played as a defender.	Sándor Bíró	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Corso (born April 3, 1978 in Montreal, Quebec and raised in Saint-Hubert, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for Tampereen Ilves of the SM-liiga.	Daniel Corso	centre
position played on team / speciality	Michal Nguyễn (born 4 December 1989) is a Vietnamese-Czech footballer who plays as a defender for V.League 1 club Becamex Binh Duong F.C..	Michal Nguyễn	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Abdul Hussein ( Arabic: محمد عبد الحسين‎ ), (born 1965) was a Iraqi former footballer who played forward.	Mohammed Abdul Hussein	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sadegh Gashni (Persian: صادق گشنی; born August 28, 1986‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder, who plays for Aluminium Arak in the Azadegan League.	Sadegh Gashni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ugo Locatelli (5 February 1916 - 28 May 1993) was an Italian international footballer who played as a midfielder or as a forward.	Ugo Locatelli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan Woan (born 8 February 1931 in Liverpool England) is an English retired professional footballer who played as an inside forward.	Alan Woan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pantelis Kafes (Greek: Παντελής Καφές; born 24 June 1978 in Veria) is a retired Greek footballer who lastly was on trial with Philadelphia Union in the MLS, who last recently played as a defensive or central midfielder.	Pantelis Kafes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adlène Guedioura (Arabic: عدلان قديورة‎; born 12 November 1985) is an Algerian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Watford.	Adlène Guedioura	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikos Melissas (Greek: Νίκος Μελίσσας, born 24 February 1993) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as a goalkeeper.	Nikos Melissas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Ford (born 20 July 1971 in Sheffield) is an English former professional football goalkeeper.	Stuart Ford	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Juan Sebastián Villate Lemos (born on February 14, 1991 in Medellín, Antioquia) is a Colombian football goalkeeper.	Juan Sebastián Villate	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mike Custer was an American soccer forward who played professionally in the Major Indoor Soccer League and coached in the American Indoor Soccer Association.	Mike Custer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vesko Mihajlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Becкo Mихajлoвић) born March 17, 1968 in Kraljevo, Yugoslavia), is a Serbian former football midfielder and the current director of football of Alki Larnaca.	Vesko Mihajlović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Claudio Marchisio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈklaudjo marˈkiːzjo); born 19 January 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Juventus and the Italian national team.	Claudio Marchisio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stan Newsham (24 May 1931 -- 4 May 2001) was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward for Bournemouth and Notts County	Stan Newsham	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Zhou Heng (Chinese: 周恒; Pinyin: Zhōu Héng; born November 24, 1985 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard.	Zhou Heng	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Donny Rijnink (born 14 April 1990 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Katwijk in the Dutch Topklasse.	Donny Rijnink	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stelios Okkarides (Greek: Στέλιος Οκκαρίδης) (born November 15, 1977 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a retired Cypriot football defender who last played for Doxa Katokopia.	Stelios Okkarides	defender
position played on team / speciality	Demetris Leoni (born January 13, 1977 in Cyprus) is a Cypriot footballer goalkeeper who plays for Pafos FC.	Demetris Leoni	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nebojša Marinković (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Маринковић; born 19 June 1986) is a Serbian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for A-League club Perth Glory.	Nebojša Marinković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alan Whittle (born 10 March 1950 in Liverpool, England) is an English retired footballer who played as a forward or attacking midfielder.	Alan Whittle	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emir Mkademi (Arabic: أمير مقدمي‎) (born August 20, 1978) is a Tunisian football defender.	Emir Mkademi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brayden Irwin (born March 24, 1987) is Canadian ice hockey centre who is currently an unrestricted free agent who last played for the Rochester Americans of the AHL.	Brayden Irwin	centre
position played on team / speciality	Cecep Supriatna is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for club PSGC Garut.	Cecep Supriatna	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yuval Naimy (Hebrew: יובל נעימי‎) (Born Aogust 31, 1985) is an Israeli professional basketball player, who plays point guard for Hapoel Eilat of the Israeli Super League.	Yuval Naimy	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Costas Malekkos (Greek: Κώστας Μαλέκκος, born 9 April 1971) is a former Cypriot footballer who played as a midfielder for the Cyprus national team.	Costas Malekkos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mykola Zhovtyuk (Ukrainian: Микола Володимирович Жовтюк; born 21 May 1992, in Novohrad-Volynskyi, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi in the Ukrainian Second League.	Mykola Zhovtyuk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Waleed Mohyaden Ahmed (born 22 May 1982) is a Qatari football midfielder who played for Qatar in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Waleed Mohyaden	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mariella Rappold is an Austrian football midfielder currently playing for LUV Graz in the ÖFB-Frauenliga.	Mariella Rappold	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ventsislav Hristov (Bulgarian: Венцислав Христов; born 9 November 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a forward for Levski Sofia and for the Bulgarian national team.	Ventsislav Hristov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Suporn Peenagatapho (Thai: สุพร ปีนะกาตาโพธิ์) simply known as TAR (Thai: ต้าร์), is a professional footballer from Thailand He currently plays for Muangthong United in the Thai Premier League as a defender.	Suporn Peenagatapho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nnamdi Asomugha (/ˈnɑːmdiː ˈɑːsəmwɑː/ NAHM-dee AH-səm-wah; born July 6, 1981) is a former American football cornerback.	Nnamdi Asomugha	cornerback
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Punoševac (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Пуношевац; born 28 July 1991) is a Serbian football defender, who last played for Napredak Kruševac.	Dušan Punoševac	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matheus Cardoso de Souza (born 8 September 1993), known as Matheus Ortigoza, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mogi Mirim, on loan from Duque de Caxias, as a forward.	Matheus Ortigoza	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bart Van Zundert (born 30 November 1980 in Merksem) is a Belgian professional football defender who currently plays for Antonia FC.	Bart Van Zundert	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aidan Thomas is an English football midfielder who is currently playing for Westfields after leaving Hereford United of League Two in May 2011.	Aidan Thomas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Don Huber (born May 1, 1957 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Don Huber	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tomás Bellas García (born 24 June 1987) is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays for CAI Zaragoza of the Liga ACB as a point guard.	Tomás Bellas	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Agustín Gaínza Vicandi (28 May 1922 -- 6 January 1995) was a Spanish football forward and manager.	Agustín Gaínza	forward
position played on team / speciality	Luciano José Pereira da Silva (born 16 March 1980 in Rio Branco) is a Brazilian football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Luciano José Pereira da Silva	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Severino Minelli (6 September 1909 -- 23 September 1994) was a Swiss footballer (defender).	Severino Minelli	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ildar Magdeev (born 11 April 1984) is Uzbek footballer who plays as a midfielder for FK Dinamo Samarqand.	Ildar Magdeev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dean Greygoose (born 18 December 1964 in Torquay, ) is an English former football goalkeeper who was assistant manager and goalkeeping coach at Histon.	Dean Greygoose	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Brayan Riascos (born October 10, 1994) is a Colombian footballer who last played as a forward for Bragantino on loan from Corinthians.	Brayan Riascos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stefano Sturaro (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsteːfano stuˈraːro); born 9 March 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Juventus.	Stefano Sturaro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ištvan Dudaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Иштван Дудаш, Hungarian: Dudás István, born 2 August 1973) is a former Serbian professional footballer, who works as goalkeeper coach for AFC Tubize	Ištvan Dudaš	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Doug Wark is a former Scottish-American soccer forward who spent five seasons in the North American Soccer League and three in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Doug Wark	forward
position played on team / speciality	David Yelldell (born 1 October 1981) is a German-born American soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Bayer Leverkusen in the Bundesliga.	David Yelldell	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jacob Spoonley (born 3 March 1987) is a New Zealand goalkeeper playing for Auckland City.	Jacob Spoonley	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kaies Ghodhbane (Arabic: قيس غُضبان‎) (born 7 January 1976) is a former Tunisian footballer who played as midfielder.	Kaies Ghodhbane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Felix Katongo (born 18 April 1984) is a Zambian international footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Al Ittihad, as a midfielder.	Felix Katongo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harumichi Tatekawa (born 2 December 1989) is a Japanese rugby union player who can play either as a fly-half or centre.	Harumichi Tatekawa	centre
position played on team / speciality	Paulo António Alves (born 22 October 1969), commonly known as Paulão, is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Paulo António Alves	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Péri (born January 29, 1941 in Marseille) is a French retired professional football defender.	Robert Péri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Maurice Galley (born 10 August 1934) is an English former footballer who scored 5 goals from 55 appearances in the Football League playing as a wing half for Chesterfield in the 1950s.	Maurice Galley	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Neill Byrne (born 2 February 1993) is an Irish footballer who plays as a defender.	Neill Byrne	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Luís Ramim (born 10 April 1981 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a naturalized Azerbaijani football midfielder, who plays for Rio Preto.	Fábio Luís Ramim	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Drew Helm (born November 9, 1984 in Jupiter, Florida) is an American soccer player, who currently plays forward for Orlando City U-23's of the Premier Development League, a fourth-tier football league in the United States.	Drew Helm	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marco Ambrosio (30 May 1973 in Brescia) is a former Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Marco Ambrosio	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leon ter Wielen (born 31 August 1988 in Raalte) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Achilles '29 in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Leon ter Wielen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Frédéric Dindeleux (born 16 January 1974) is a French footballer who was a defender.	Frédéric Dindeleux	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bert Bliss was an inside forward who joined Tottenham from Willenhall Swifts for £10 on April 12, 1912.	Bert Bliss	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Reg Craxton was an association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand, playing in New Zealand's first ever official international.	Reg Craxton	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Craig Bianchi (born March 25, 1978 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) defender who plays for Hellenic.	Craig Bianchi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jean Prouff (12 September 1919 -- 12 February 2008) was a French former football midfielder and a manager.	Jean Prouff	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Seth Moses (born August 2, 1993) is an American soccer player who plays as a midfielder.	Seth Moses	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Costin Lazăr (born 24 April 1981) is a Romanian football player who plays as a defensive midfielder for Iraklis of the Greek Superleague.	Costin Lazăr	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luciano Aued (born 1 March 1987) is an Argentine association football midfielder playing for Racing Club de Avellaneda in the Argentine Primera División.	Luciano Aued	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mladen Mladenović (born 13 September 1964 in Rijeka) is a former Croatian football player in midfielder role.	Mladen Mladenović	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marijana Jevtić is a Bosnian football midfielder, who is currently playing for Rudar Škale in the Slovenia's 1.SŽNL.	Marijana Jevtić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Conrad Balatoni (born 27 January 1991) is an English professional footballer who currently plays for Scottish Premiership side Kilmarnock as a defender.	Conrad Balatoni	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Martelotte (born 10 December 1968) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and the current manager of Santa Cruz.	Marcelo Martelotte	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ihor Oshchypko (Ukrainian: Ігор Дмитрович Ощипко; born 25 October 1985) is an Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bulgarian A Football Group side Botev Plovdiv.	Ihor Oshchypko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ador Gjuci (born 29 January 1998 in Aversa, Campania) is an Italian born Albanian footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Torino (youth/primavera) and the Albania national under-19 football team.	Ador Gjuci	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mustapha Mrani (born March 2, 1978 in Morocco) is a Moroccan football player who plays as a defender.	Mustapha Mrani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richard Neudecker (born 29 October 1996) is a German footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for 1860 Munich in the 2.	Richard Neudecker	midfielder
present in work	Peregrin Took, more commonly known as Pippin, is a fictional character from J. R. R. Tolkien's fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings.	Peregrin Took	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	Simone Deveaux is a fictional character in the TV series Heroes.	Simone Deveaux	Heroes
present in work	Lieutenant Boomer, later known as Colonel Boomer, was a character on the 1978-1979 television series Battlestar Galactica and its spin-off series Galactica 1980.	Lieutenant Boomer	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Thunderblast is the name of several fictional characters from the Transformers universes.	Thunderblast	Transformers
present in work	Jarvis Skelton is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale, who appeared on the show between 2002 and 2005.	Jarvis Skelton	Emmerdale
present in work	Countess Natalya ``Natasha'' Ilyinichna Rostova (born 1792, according to the book; Russian: Наталья ``Наташа'' Ильинична Ростова, Natal'ja ``Nataša'' Il'inična Rostova, named Natasha Rostova in the Rosemary Edmonds version) is a central fictional character in Leo Tolstoy's novel War and Peace.	Natasha Rostova	War and Peace
present in work	Enjolras (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ʒolʁas)) is a fictional character who acts as the charismatic leader of the Friends of the ABC in the 1862 novel Les Misérables by Victor Hugo.	Enjolras	Les Misérables
present in work	Dussasana (Sanskrit: दुःशासन, Duḥśāsana), also spelled as Dushasana and Dushyasana, was a Kaurava prince, the second son of the blind king Dhritarashtra and Gandhari and the younger brother of Duryodhana in the Hindu epic Mahabharata.	Dushasana	Mahabharata
present in work	Neth, the Plane That Lives, is a fictive demiplane in the Dungeons & Dragons Planescape setting.	Neth	Dungeons & Dragons
present in work	The brand is used prominently in the TV series Lost, where Oceanic Airlines is featured branded with a highly stylized logo depicting an Australian Aboriginal dot painting that resembles a nazar, a bullseye, an island, or an ``O''.	Oceanic Airlines	Lost
present in work	While Yggdrasil is not mentioned by name in the poem and other trees exist in Norse mythology, the tree is near universally accepted as Yggdrasil, and if the tree is Yggdrasil, then the name Yggdrasil directly relates to this story.	Yggdrasil	Norse mythology
present in work	Reverend Jeremiah Cloutier is a fictional character on the HBO prison drama Oz, portrayed by Luke Perry.	Jeremiah Cloutier	Oz
present in work	Lyon Hunter is a fictional character on the popular American daytime soap opera, As the World Turns portrayed by Evan Alex Cole.	Lyon Hunter	As the World Turns
present in work	Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a fictional character of the CBS TV series NCIS, portrayed by Mark Harmon.	Leroy Jethro Gibbs	NCIS
present in work	Sallah Mohammed Faisel el-Kahir, better known as Sallah (Arabic: صلاح‎), is a fictional character played by Welsh actor John Rhys-Davies in two of the four Indiana Jones films:	Sallah	Indiana Jones
present in work	Abdiel is mentioned a single time in the Bible, in 1 Chronicles 5:15:	Abdiel	Bible
present in work	The scripture mentions that Tumburu accompanied him on a visit to the court of Yudhishthira (See Mahabharata section).	Tumburu	Mahabharata
present in work	Tom Servo is a fictional character from the American science fiction comedy television show Mystery Science Theater 3000 (MST3K).	Tom Servo	Mystery Science Theater 3000
present in work	Lydia Brandner (divorced von Lahnstein) is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).	Lydia Brandner	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	Jim Prideaux is a fictional character created by John le Carré, and is a major figure in le Carré's Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.	Jim Prideaux	Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
present in work	Leon Small is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders and its Internet spin-off EastEnders:	Leon Small	EastEnders
present in work	Samantha Anderson (née Keller and Markham) is a resident of Oakdale on the American TV soap opera, As the World Turns.	Samantha Anderson	As the World Turns
present in work	Tubal-cain is a person mentioned in the Hebrew Bible, in Genesis 4:22.	Tubal-cain	Bible
present in work	Peggy Jean is a fictional character featured in the comic strip Peanuts.	Peggy Jean	Peanuts
present in work	Catelyn Stark (née Tully) is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin, and its television adaptation Game of Thrones.	Catelyn Stark	A Song of Ice and Fire	Game of Thrones
present in work	Constantin von Lahnstein is a fictional character on German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love) and was portrayed by actor Milan Marcus.	Constantin von Lahnstein	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	Lionel Hutz is a fictional character in the animated television series The Simpsons.	Lionel Hutz	The Simpsons
present in work	Breathless Mahoney is a Femme fatale character in the American comic strip Dick Tracy which was created by Chester Gould in 1931.	Breathless Mahoney	Dick Tracy
present in work	Hanani is the name of three men in the Hebrew Bible One of the sons of Heman (1 Chr. 25:4, 25).	Hanani	Hebrew Bible
present in work	Emily Kirk (née Wylie, previously Dingle) is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale, played by Kate McGregor.	Emily Kirk	Emmerdale
present in work	Gautrekr was a legendary Geatish king who appears in several sources, such as Gautreks saga, Hrólfs saga Gautrekssonar, Bósa saga ok Herrauðs, Ynglinga saga, Nafnaþulur (part of the Prose Edda) and Af Upplendinga konungum.	Gautrekr	Gautreks saga	Hrólfs saga Gautrekssonar	Bósa saga ok Herrauðs	Ynglinga saga	Nafnaþulur	Af Upplendinga konungum
present in work	In the Hebrew Bible, Hosea (/ˌhoʊˈziːə/ or /hoʊˈzeɪə/; Hebrew: הוֹשֵׁעַ, Modern Hoshea, Tiberian Hôšēăʻ ; ``Salvation''; Greek Ὠσηέ, Hōsēe), son of Beeri, was an 8th century BC prophet in Israel who authored the book of prophecies bearing his name.	Hosea	Bible
present in work	Mordecai or Mordechai (Hebrew: מָרְדֳּכַי, Modern Mordekhay, Tiberian Mordŏḵáy, Persian: مردخای, IPA value: (mɔrdɔ̆ˈxɑj)) is one of the main personalities in the Book of Esther in the Hebrew Bible.	Mordecai	Bible
present in work	Maria di Balbi is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love) portrayed by actress Simone Ritscher since January 21, 2009.	Maria di Balbi	Verbotene Liebe
publication date	Meet the Hollowheads is a 1989 movie written and directed by special-effects makeup artist Thomas R. Burman.	Meet the Hollowheads	1989
publication date	Ruined Heart (Tagalog: Pusong Wazak) is a 2014 Filipino crime drama film directed by Khavn.	Ruined Heart	2014
publisher	Catholic Ashrams is a book published by Sita Ram Goel in 1988 under his Voice of India imprint.	Catholic Ashrams	Voice of India
publisher	The Revista Colombiana de Estadistica (English: Colombian Journal of Statistics) is a biannual peer-reviewed scientific journal on statistics published by the National University of Colombia.	Revista Colombiana de Estadistica	National University of Colombia
record label	Speed of Darkness is the name of the fifth studio album by the Irish-American Celtic punk band Flogging Molly that was released on 31 May 2011.	Speed of Darkness	Flogging Molly
record label	``Deine Zärtlichkeit'' (English: Your Tenderness) is the debut German single of Soviet singer-songwriter Sofia Rotaru, which was released in 1978 by Ariola / Sony BMG Music Entertainment.	Deine Zärtlichkeit	Sony BMG
record label	Anything in Return is the third studio album by American recording artist Toro y Moi, released on January 16, 2013 by Carpark Records.	Anything in Return	Carpark Records
record label	The Massacre is the second studio album by American rapper 50 Cent, released on March 3, 2005 by Aftermath Entertainment, Shady Records and Interscope Records.	The Massacre	Aftermath Entertainment	Shady Records	Interscope Records
record label	Bad Pumpkin is the second album by alternative rock band Fetchin Bones, released in 1986 through Capitol Records.	Bad Pumpkin	Capitol Records
record label	Heavy ConstruKction is a live album (3-CD set), incorporating video footage, by the band King Crimson, released by Discipline Global Mobile records in 2000.	Heavy ConstruKction	Discipline Global Mobile
record label	(N)utopia is the fifth studio album by the symphonic black metal band Graveworm, released in 2005 through Nuclear Blast.	(N)utopia	Nuclear Blast
record label	``The Voice Within'' was released as the fifth and final single from Stripped on October 27, 2003 by RCA Records.	The Voice Within	RCA Records
record label	Fallen Sanctuary was released August 27--29, 2008 through Napalm Records in Europe and September 9, 2008 in the US and Canada.	Fallen Sanctuary	Napalm Records
record label	``Spica/Hanabi/Moon'' is a collaboration maxi single containing songs sung by I've Sound's Lia first released on August 15, 2003 at Comiket 64 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0008.	Spica/Hanabi/Moon	Key Sounds Label
record label	On September 14, 2010, Earache Records released a redux edition of Need to Control which included the bonus tracks from the Japanese release (except ''B.T.I.T.B.``) plus two more, along with an ''in-depth interview`` with vocalist Kevin Sharp.	Need to Control	Earache Records
record label	Bringing Back the Funk is an album by Brian Culbertson which was released on GRP Records.	Bringing Back the Funk	GRP Records
record label	Touch the World is the fourteenth studio album by Earth, Wind & Fire, produced by the band's leader Maurice White for Kalimba Productions, and released in 1987 on Columbia Records.	Touch the World	Columbia Records
record label	The Wild and Frantic Little Richard was the second and last Little Richard album released on the Modern Records label.	The Wild and Frantic Little Richard	Modern Records
record label	Green Carnation's first album, Journey to the End of the Night, wasn't recorded until 1998 and was released in October 2000 through German record company Prophecy Productions.	Green Carnation	Prophecy Productions
record label	When You Wish Upon a Chipmunk is a 1995 music album by Alvin and the Chipmunks, released by Sony Wonder, and contains 10 tracks.	When You Wish Upon a Chipmunk	Sony Wonder
record label	New Again is the fourth studio album by American rock band Taking Back Sunday, released through Warner Bros. Records on June 1, 2009.	New Again	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Cruise Yourself is the third studio album by American post-hardcore band Girls Against Boys, released on October 3, 1994 by Touch and Go Records.	Cruise Yourself	Touch and Go Records
record label	Joe Fisher, senior director of A&R at Universal Music Group Nashville, signed Easton Corbin to the Mercury Nashville label in 2009.	Easton Corbin	Universal Music Group Nashville
record label	Remain in Light is the fourth studio album by American new wave band Talking Heads, released on October 8, 1980, on Sire Records.	Remain in Light	Sire Records
record label	A Little Bit Longer is the third studio album by the American pop rock band the Jonas Brothers and their second album released on Hollywood Records.	A Little Bit Longer	Hollywood Records
record label	The Smothers Brothers Play It Straight (Released February 15, 1966 on Mercury Records) was the ninth album released by the Smothers Brothers.	The Smothers Brothers Play It Straight	Mercury Records
record label	Honeychild is the third solo studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris, released in October 1991 (see 1991 in music) by East West Records.	Honeychild	East West Records
record label	``Children's Heritage/D.O.A.'' is a 7`` vinyl single by Texas hard rock band Bloodrock released under Capitol Records in early 1971.	Children's Heritage/D.O.A.	Capitol Records
record label	``(And Now the Waltz) C'est La Vie'' was released on 7`` vinyl via RCA Records.	(And Now the Waltz) C'est La Vie	RCA Records
record label	``Water Runs Dry'' is a 1995 single by Boyz II Men for the Motown label, written and produced by Babyface.	Water Runs Dry	Motown
record label	Live Cream Volume II is the second live compilation album by the English rock band Cream, released in March 1972 by Polydor Records (Atco Records in the US).	Live Cream Volume II	Polydor Records
record label	Arcane Rain Fell is the second full-length album released by the band Draconian through Napalm Records on 24 January 2005.	Arcane Rain Fell	Napalm Records
record label	Andy Williams' Dear Heart is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1965 by Columbia Records.	Andy Williams' Dear Heart	Columbia Records
record label	Heart of Hearts was Bobby Vinton's twenty-sixth studio album and his second studio album for ABC Records.	Heart of Hearts	ABC Records
record label	``Siamese Kat'' is the second studio album by thai pop singer Katreeya English, released by GMM Grammy on May, 2003.	Siamese Kat	GMM Grammy
record label	Tennessee Plates is country music singer-songwriter Mark Collie's fifth full-length release, as well as his only album for Giant Records.	Tennessee Plates	Giant Records
record label	New Jazz Conceptions is the debut album as leader by jazz musician Bill Evans, released in 1957 on Riverside Records.	New Jazz Conceptions	Riverside Records
record label	Chocolate Factory is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist R. Kelly, released on February 17, 2003, by Jive Records.	Chocolate Factory	Jive Records
record label	Pleasant Dreams is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones released on July 20, 1981, through Sire Records.	Pleasant Dreams	Sire Records
record label	Look at Us is the debut album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher, released in 1965 by Atco Records.	Look at Us	Atco Records
record label	A Painter Passing Through is the nineteenth original album by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot, released in 1998 on Reprise Records.	A Painter Passing Through	Reprise Records
record label	UAIOE was released in 1989 on Cash Beat Records in Germany, on Deutschland Strikeback Records in the United Kingdom, and on Wax Trax! Records in the United States.	UAIOE	Wax Trax! Records
record label	New Feelin' is Liza Minnelli's third and last studio album for A&M Records.	New Feelin'	A&M Records
record label	``Let Me Go the Right Way'' is a 1962 song written and produced by then Motown president Berry Gordy and released as a single by Motown singing group The Supremes.	Let Me Go the Right Way	Motown
record label	Of All the Things is the second full length album by Jazzanova, and their first release for Verve Records.	Of All the Things	Verve Records
record label	It Can Happen to Anyone is the debut studio album by American neo soul and R&B singer-songwriter Elisabeth Withers, released by Blue Note Records on January 30, 2007.	It Can Happen to Anyone	Blue Note Records
record label	``Synchrogazer'' is the 26th single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki, released on January 11, 2012 by King Records.	Synchrogazer	King Records
record label	Praise My Day is Perseo Miranda's sixth album, released December 15, 2009 on Erga Editions.	Praise My Day	Erga
record label	Miles Smiles is an album by jazz musician Miles Davis, released in January 1967 on Columbia Records.	Miles Smiles	Columbia Records
record label	The Correct Use of Soap is the third album by British post-punk band Magazine, released by Virgin Records in 1980.	The Correct Use of Soap	Virgin Records
record label	Two Conversations is the fifth studio album by Indie Rock band The Appleseed Cast, released in the U.S. on July 22, 2003 on Tiger Style Records.	Two Conversations	Tiger Style Records
record label	Peace and Noise is an album by Patti Smith, released September 30, 1997 on Arista Records.	Peace and Noise	Arista Records
record label	The Glamour, the final album by The Comsat Angels, was released in 1995 on RPM Records and on Caroline Records in the US.	The Glamour	RPM Records
record label	Shaded Pain is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Lifesavers Underground, released in 1987 on Frontline Records.	Shaded Pain	Frontline Records
record label	Reino de Tormentas (translated: Kingdom of Storms) is the debut album of Argentine Post hardcore band DENY released on September 23, 2011 via Pinhead Records.	Reino de Tormentas	Pinhead Records
record label	Trouble No More is American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp's 18th full-length album and his final recording for Columbia Records, released in 2003.	Trouble No More	Columbia Records
record label	Life Is a Grave & I Dig It! is the seventh studio album by the psychobilly band the Nekromantix, released in 2007 by Hellcat Records.	Life Is a Grave & I Dig It!	Hellcat Records
record label	Prior to signing a six album record deal with Def Jam Recordings, ``Pon de Replay'' was one of three songs which was recorded for her demo tape to be sent to record labels.	Pon de Replay	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Chaos and Bright Lights is the first studio album by Australian country band The McClymonts released in Australia on 10 November 2007 (see 2007 in music) by Universal Records.	Chaos and Bright Lights	Universal Records
record label	Gentlemen Take Polaroids was the band's first album for the Virgin Records label, after leaving Hansa-Ariola, who had released their first three albums, some months earlier.	Gentlemen Take Polaroids	Virgin Records
record label	Everything Goes!!! is an LP album by The Four Lads, released by Columbia Records as catalog number CS 8350 in 1960.	Everything Goes!!!	Columbia Records
record label	The Art of the Improvisers is a compilation album credited to jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman, released by Atlantic Records in 1970.	The Art of the Improvisers	Atlantic Records
record label	A Little More Personal (Raw) is the second studio album by American singer and actress Lindsay Lohan, released on December 5, 2005 by Casablanca Records.	A Little More Personal (Raw)	Casablanca Records
record label	Good as I Been to You is the twenty-eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on November 3, 1992, by Columbia Records.	Good as I Been to You	Columbia Records
record label	The Broadway Album is the twenty-fourth studio album by director, composer, actress and singer Barbra Streisand, released by Columbia Records on November 5, 1985.	The Broadway Album	Columbia Records
record label	I Never Made a Record I Didn't Like is Ray Stevens' twenty-fifth studio album and his fifth for MCA Records, released in 1988.	I Never Made a Record I Didn't Like	MCA Records
record label	Misc. Music is a compilation album by Unbelievable Truth, released on the Shifty Disco label in 2001.	Misc. Music	Shifty Disco
record label	Joyful is the debut studio album by German singer and songwriter Ayọ, released on 12 June 2006 by Polydor Records.	Joyful	Polydor Records
record label	The album In the Middle of Nowhere released through Hansa Records and distributed by Ariola, BMG entered the No. 1 position in Germany on December 1, 1986.	In the Middle of Nowhere	Hansa Records
record label	Beneath This Burning Shoreline is the second studio album by Cherry Ghost, released on 5 July 2010 via Heavenly Records.	Beneath This Burning Shoreline	Heavenly Records
record label	Private Affair is the eighth studio album of Filipino singer Kyla, released in the Philippines on November 30, 2010 by PolyEast Records.	Private Affair	PolyEast Records
record label	Forgotten Foundation is the second album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog), released in 1992 on Drag City.	Forgotten Foundation	Drag City
record label	Like their previous album Bless the Martyr and Kiss the Child, O God, the Aftermath was released on Solid State Records.	O God, the Aftermath	Solid State Records
record label	Sworn to the Dark is the third studio album by Watain and was released on 19 February 2007 on Season of Mist.	Sworn to the Dark	Season of Mist
record label	The album was re-released through Inoxia Records in 2006 under the name Dronevil -Final- on (double) CD format, remastered by Jason Lescalleet.	Dronevil	Inoxia Records
record label	Weird Revolution is the eighth studio album by the alternative rock band Butthole Surfers, released in 2001 on Surfdog Records and Hollywood Records.	Weird Revolution	Surfdog Records	Hollywood Records
record label	Bengali Band Chandrabindoo released their fifth studio album called Daknam (Lit: Nickname) in 2002 under the EMI banner.	Daknam	EMI
record label	While performing on her Intimate and Live concert tour in Australia, Minogue confirmed that she would release ``Cowboy Style'' as the fourth single in Australia and New Zealand by Mushroom Records.	Cowboy Style	Mushroom Records
record label	I Could Have Been a Sailor is a 1979 album by singer-songwriter Peter Allen, released on A&M Records.	I Could Have Been a Sailor	A&M Records
record label	Ev'rything's Coming Up Dusty is the second studio album by singer Dusty Springfield, released on Philips Records in the UK in 1965.	Ev'rything's Coming Up Dusty	Philips Records
record label	Stanley Road is the third solo album by Paul Weller, released by Go! Discs in 1995.	Stanley Road	Go! Discs
record label	I Have Returned was Ray Stevens' twenty-second studio album and his second for MCA Records, released in 1985.	I Have Returned	MCA Records
record label	A Possible Projection of the Future / Childhood's End is Al Kooper's fifth album, recorded for and released by Columbia Records in 1972.	A Possible Projection of the Future / Childhood's End	Columbia Records
record label	``(You Can't Let the Boy Overpower) The Man in You'' is a 1964 R&B song by The Miracles on Motown Records Tamla subsidiary label (TAMLA 54092).	(You Can't Let the Boy Overpower) The Man in You	Motown
record label	No Hay Espacio is a studio album by Black Guayaba, released on September 18, 2007 through Machete Music.	No Hay Espacio	Machete Music
record label	Keep It Like a Secret is the fourth full-length album released by indie rock band Built to Spill, and their second for Warner Bros. Records.	Keep It Like a Secret	Warner Bros.
record label	I Paralyze is the 17th album by American singer-actress Cher, released on May 28, 1982 by Columbia Records.	I Paralyze	Columbia Records
record label	XL Recordings and Interscope Records released XXXO (The Remixes) on 15 June 2010 and XXXO The Remixes Part 2 on 29 June 2010.	XXXO	Interscope Records
record label	Dig Me Out is the third studio album by the American rock band Sleater-Kinney, released on April 8, 1997 by Kill Rock Stars.	Dig Me Out	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Mature Themes is an album by Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti, which was released on August 20, 2012 at 4AD.	Mature Themes	4AD
record label	Voodoo DJ Soul Essentials is an EP by R&B and neo soul musician D'Angelo, released in 2000 on Virgin Records.	Voodoo DJ Soul Essentials	Virgin Records
record label	Buzz Factory was the 4th full-length album by Seattle band Screaming Trees and their final record released through SST Records released in 1989.	Buzz Factory	SST Records
record label	Instant Love is an 1982 album by American singer Cheryl Lynn, released on Columbia Records.	Instant Love	Columbia Records
record label	Rain, Hail or Shine, an album by The Battlefield Band, was released in 1998 on the Temple Records label.	Rain, Hail or Shine	Temple Records
record label	In 2001, Wessel van Diepen and Arista Records released ``James Brown Is Dead 2001'', a new version of the L.A. Style original.	James Brown Is Dead	Arista Records
record label	``Warnings Moving Clockwise'' is the third single by Australian rock/pop group Do-Re-Mi released by Virgin Records in December 1985 from their Domestic Harmony album.	Warnings Moving Clockwise	Virgin Records
record label	Chinese Democracy is the sixth studio album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, released on November 23, 2008, by Geffen Records.	Chinese Democracy	Geffen Records
record label	Damnesia is an album by the punk rock band Alkaline Trio, released July 12, 2011 through their label Heart & Skull, a joint venture with Epitaph Records.	Damnesia	Epitaph Records
record label	``Moves like Jagger'' is a song by American band Maroon 5 featuring recording artist Christina Aguilera, released by A&M Octone Records on June 21, 2011, as the fourth and final single from the re-release of the group's third studio album Hands All Over (2010).	Moves like Jagger	A&M Octone Records
record label	One Woman Man is an album by American country music artist George Jones, released on February 28, 1989 on Epic Records.	One Woman Man	Epic Records
record label	Not Fakin' It is the second studio album by Hanoi Rocks singer Michael Monroe, released in September 1989 through PolyGram; a remastered edition was reissued through Lemon Recordings in 2003.	Not Fakin' It	PolyGram
record label	``On Bended Knee'' is a 1994 number-one hit single by Boyz II Men for the Motown label.	On Bended Knee	Motown
record label	Fantasy Ride is the third studio album by American recording artist Ciara, first released on May 3, 2009, by RCA Records and LaFace Records.	Fantasy Ride	LaFace Records
record label	If I Could Only Remember My Name is the debut solo album by David Crosby, released in February 1971 on Atlantic Records.	If I Could Only Remember My Name	Atlantic Records
record label	You and Me Equals Us is Colonel Abrams' second and final album for MCA Records, released on May 28, 1987.	You and Me Equals Us	MCA Records
record label	His only album for Monument Records, it features the single ``In Another World'', a Top Ten single on the Billboard country singles charts in 2002.	In Another World	Monument Records
record label	The Jackson 5 recorded a cover version of ``Twenty-Five Miles'' in 1969, but it was not heard until its inclusion on the Motown compilation album The Original Soul of Michael Jackson in 1987, with Michael Jackson being given sole performer credit for the track.	Twenty-Five Miles	Motown
record label	Misanthropy Pure is the third studio album by hardcore punk band Shai Hulud, released on May 26 in Europe (except in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Italy, where it arrived on May 30) and May 27 in the U.S. through Metal Blade Records, the band's first record release by that label.	Misanthropy Pure	Metal Blade Records
record label	Virgin Records reissued Sparkle in the Rain as a remastered edition on 21 October 2002; this edition features improved sound quality and faithfully reproduced artwork and packaging from the original record.	Sparkle in the Rain	Virgin Records
record label	There's Nothing Wrong with Love was recorded in May and June 1994, and released September 13, 1994 on the Up Records label.	There's Nothing Wrong with Love	Up Records
record label	All the Little Lights is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Passenger and was released by Black Crow Records and Nettwerk on 24 February 2012.	All the Little Lights	Black Crow Records
record label	Keys to Imagination is the second studio album by Keyboardist Yanni, released on the Private Music label in 1986 (see 1986 in music).	Keys to Imagination	Private Music
record label	Oh Blue Christmas is an EP by the American band A Fine Frenzy, released in November 2009 in the United States by Virgin Records.	Oh Blue Christmas	Virgin Records
record label	II Trill is the second studio album by UGK member Bun B. It was released on May 20, 2008 by Rap-a-Lot Records and Asylum Records.	II Trill	Rap-a-Lot Records	Asylum Records
record label	Pictures of Moments to Remember is the fifth album by The Statler Brothers and the second one recorded for Mercury Records.	Pictures of Moments to Remember	Mercury Records
record label	The Orbison Way is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records, released in January 1966.	The Orbison Way	MGM Records
record label	Stay in Love is the fourth studio album by American singer Minnie Riperton, released under Epic Records.	Stay in Love	Epic Records
record label	``My Red Hot Car'' is a single by Squarepusher, released in 2001 on Warp Records.	My Red Hot Car	Warp
record label	Some Fine Old Chestnuts was Bing Crosby's second LP studio album for Decca Records, recorded and originally released as a 10`` LP (DL 5508) in 1954.	Some Fine Old Chestnuts	Decca Records
record label	Waking the Fallen is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold, released on August 26, 2003, by Hopeless Records.	Waking the Fallen	Hopeless Records
record label	While Nirvana's label DGC Records did not release a physical single for sale in the United States, ``Heart-Shaped Box'' received much American radio airplay, reaching number one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.	Heart-Shaped Box	DGC Records
record label	Raditude is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Weezer, released on November 3, 2009 and is their final album on DGC Records, Geffen Records and Interscope Records.	Raditude	DGC Records
record label	``Longer'' is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg and released in 1979 by Full Moon Records and Epic Records.	Longer	Full Moon Records
record label	Gone Polka is an album by Jimmy Sturr, released through Rounder Records on September 25, 2001.	Gone Polka	Rounder Records
record label	Passionworks was the band's final album with Epic Records before their comeback-fueled move to Capitol Records.	Passionworks	Epic Records
record label	Str8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton is American hip hop recording artist Eazy-E's second and final full-length studio album on Ruthless Records.	Str8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton	Ruthless Records
record label	Fossil Culture is an album by Peter Frohmader and Richard Pinhas, released on September 22, 1999 through Cuneiform Records.	Fossil Culture	Cuneiform Records
record label	``Nu Nu'' was the second single for Chicago house music artist Lidell Townsell from his 1992 Mercury/PolyGram Records album release, Harmony.	Nu Nu	PolyGram
record label	Robo Ghost was recorded in 2008--09 at the studio of Alex Tronic Records in Edinburgh, Scotland, and was produced by Paul Croan.	Robo Ghost	Alex Tronic Records
record label	Good Day to Cross a River is the debut album by comedian Greg Giraldo, released by Comedy Central Records on October 24, 2006.	Good Day to Cross a River	Comedy Central Records
record label	Wonder What's Next is the second album and major label debut of American alternative metal band Chevelle, released in 2002 by Epic Records.	Wonder What's Next	Epic Records
record label	Rivers Arms is the second studio album by post-rock band Balmorhea, released by Western Vinyl on January 1, 2008, then re-released on February 12, 2008.	Rivers Arms	Western Vinyl
record label	Plastic Letters is the second studio album by American rock band Blondie, released in February 1978 on Chrysalis Records.	Plastic Letters	Chrysalis Records
record label	Soul Journey is the fourth studio album by Gillian Welch.	Soul Journey	Gillian Welch
record label	On a Wire is a 2002 album released by The Get Up Kids on Vagrant Records.	On a Wire	Vagrant Records
record label	Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future is the second studio album by American indie pop duo The Bird and the Bee, released on January 27, 2009 by Blue Note Records.	Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future	Blue Note Records
screenwriter	Fire's Share (French: La part du feu) is a 1978 French drama film directed by Étienne Périer and starring Michel Piccoli, Claudia Cardinale and Jacques Perrin.	Fire's Share	Étienne Périer
screenwriter	Hardly Working is a comedy film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis.	Hardly Working	Jerry Lewis
series	``Buffy vs. Dracula'' is the fifth season premiere of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Buffy vs. Dracula	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
series	A Storm of Swords is the third of seven planned novels in A Song of Ice and Fire, a fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin.	A Storm of Swords	A Song of Ice and Fire
sex or gender	María Amelia Chopitea Villa (20 March 1900 -- 1942) was Bolivia's first female physician.	Amelia Chopitea Villa	female
sex or gender	Owen Graystone Bird (male; b. 1862, d. 1943) was a British professional photographer, active during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Graystone Bird	male
sex or gender	Crispen Mutakanyi (born 15 March 1970) is a retired male middle distance runner from Zimbabwe.	Crispen Mutakanyi	male
sex or gender	Sophie Menter (29 July 1846 -- 23 February 1918) was a German pianist and composer who became the favorite female student of Franz Liszt.	Sophie Menter	female
sex or gender	Robert Kinsey was an American male tennis player.	Robert Kinsey	male
sex or gender	Edna Jessop (10 October 1926 -- 15 September 2007) is considered to be the first female to lead a droving team.	Edna Jessop	female
sex or gender	Mikaela Mayer (born c. 1990/1991) is a female boxer and a former model.	Mikaela Mayer	female
sex or gender	Edythe Evelyn Gandy (September 4, 1920 -- December 23, 2007) was an American politician who was the first female elected to a statewide office in Mississippi-- that of Treasurer for the State of Mississippi.	Evelyn Gandy	female
sex or gender	Su Ziwei (born December 9, 1984 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Su Ziwei	female
sex or gender	Friday Camaclang is a female football player from the Philippines.	Friday Camaclang	female
sex or gender	Kim Winslow was the first female to referee a match in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) on June 20, 2009.	Kim Winslow	female
sex or gender	Camilla Soardi (active ca. 1540), a gentlewoman of Casale Monferrato in north-west Italy, was a Renaissance poet, identified as a notable female literary figure by her appearance in both the Teatro delle Donne letterate of Della-Chiesa and Marcello Alberti's Storia delle Donne scienziate.	Camilla Soardi	female
sex or gender	Gordana Bogojević, married Kovačević, (22 May 1974 - 5 December 2009) is a former Yugoslavian and Serbian female basketball player and former member of basketball national team of FR Yugoslavia.	Gordana Bogojević	female
sex or gender	Linda Cavanaugh began her career in 1978 as a general assignment reporter and news photographer at KFOR-TV, before becoming the station's first female evening news co-anchor in the early 1980s.	Linda Cavanaugh	female
sex or gender	Paula Scher (born October 6, 1948, Washington D.C) is an American graphic designer, painter and art educator in design, and the first female principal at Pentagram, which she joined in 1991.	Paula Scher	female
sex or gender	Ruxandra Dragomir Ilie (born October 24, 1972 in Piteşti) is a retired female tennis player from Romania, who won four singles and five doubles titles during her career.	Ruxandra Dragomir	female
sex or gender	Nick Bracks (born 5 March 1987) is an Australian male model.	Nick Bracks	male
sex or gender	Jasmina Keber, born November 26, 1988 in Kirchheim unter Teck, Germany, is a speed badminton player from Slovenia that holds the titles of current World and European Champion in female singles category.	Jasmina Keber	female
sex or gender	Seymour Fagan (born 30 December 1967 in Old Harbour Bay) is a retired male track and field sprinter from Jamaica who specializes in the 400 metres.	Seymour Fagan	male
sex or gender	Brian Abbot (1911--1936), real name George Rikard Bell, was an Australian actor best known for playing the male lead in Orphan of the Wilderness (1936) and the circumstances of his death.	Brian Abbot	male
sex or gender	José Martín Farfán Pulido (born August 21, 1965 in Facatativá, Cundinamarca) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional from 1988 to 1995.	José Martín Farfán	male
sex or gender	Martin Dew is a former English male badminton player who specialized in doubles.	Martin Dew	male
sex or gender	Katherine Jones, Viscountess Ranelagh (22 March 1615 -- 3 December 1691) was a female scientist in seventeenth century Britain.	Katherine Jones, Viscountess Ranelagh	female
sex or gender	At the age of thirteen Dorothy Kirby's victory at the 1933 Georgia Women's Amateur Championship made her the youngest female golfer to ever win a state championship.	Dorothy Kirby	female
sex or gender	Orla Venter (born 1 January 1976) is a Namibian female athlete.	Orla Venter	female
sex or gender	1814/09/17 - Keely, St. Sebastian to Rabbi Emanuel Nunes Carvalho, Bill of Sale for a male slave named Sandy.	Emanuel Nunes Carvalho	male
sex or gender	Kim Jang-mi (Hangul: 김장미; born September 25, 1992 in Incheon, South Korea) is a South Korean female sport shooter.	Kim Jang-mi	female
sex or gender	Kay Baxter (October 3, 1945 -- May 16, 1988) was a pioneer female bodybuilder.	Kay Baxter	female
sex or gender	Shahnaz Husain is the CEO of Shahnaz Herbals Inc. She is a prominent Indian female entrepreneur, who is best known for her herbal cosmetics, particularly skin care products.	Shahnaz Husain	female
sex or gender	Lao Lishi (simplified Chinese: 劳丽诗; traditional Chinese: 勞麗詩; pinyin: Láo Lìshī; Jyutping: Lou4 Lai6 Si1; born December 12, 1987 in Zhanjiang, Guangdong) is a female diver from the People's Republic of China.	Lao Lishi	female
sex or gender	Rufaida Al-Aslamia (also transliterated Rufaida Al-Aslamiya)(Arabic: رفيدة الأسلمية‎) was an Islamic medical and social worker recognized as the first female Muslim nurse.	Rufaida Al-Aslamia	female
sex or gender	Mohamed Lamine Dansoko (born 15 March 1998) is a male Guinean sprinter.	Mohamed Lamine Dansoko	male
sex or gender	Julio César Aguirre Cabrera (born July 15, 1969 in Bogotá) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional rider from 1994 to 2003.	Julio César Aguirre	male
sex or gender	Wang Huifeng (Chinese: 王会凤, born 24 January 1968) is a female Chinese fencer.	Wang Huifeng	female
sex or gender	Trudy Adams is an American actress and retired female professional wrestler, who wrestled in the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling as Amy the Farmer's Daughter and in the Powerful Women of Wrestling, the Ladies Sports Club and the American Wrestling Association as Brandi Mae.	Trudy Adams	female
sex or gender	Sarah Breedlove (December 23, 1867 -- May 25, 1919), known as Madam C. J. Walker, was an American entrepreneur, philanthropist, and the first female self-made millionaire in America.	Madam C. J. Walker	female
sex or gender	Shen Yanfei (simplified Chinese: 沈燕飞; traditional Chinese: 沈燕飛; pinyin: Shén Yànfēi; born December 24, 1979 in Hebei, China) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Spain and resides in Cartagena, Murcia.	Shen Yanfei	female
sex or gender	Li Zhongyun (Chinese: 李忠云) is a female Chinese Judoka.	Li Zhongyun	female
sex or gender	Mayumi Ichikawa (Japanese: 市河 麻由美; born May 3, 1976) is a female long-distance runner from Japan.	Mayumi Ichikawa	female
sex or gender	Hamid Berhili (born May 14, 1964) is a retired male boxer from Morocco, who twice competed for his North African country at the Summer Olympics: 1992 and 1996.	Hamid Berhili	male
sex or gender	Sara Paretsky (born June 8, 1947) is an American author of detective fiction, best known for her novels focused on the female protagonist V.I. Warshawski.	Sara Paretsky	female
sex or gender	Roberto Limonta Vargas (born January 6, 1962) is retired male wrestler from Cuba.	Roberto Limonta	male
sex or gender	Yang Xia (Chinese: 杨霞; born January 8, 1977 in Hunan) is a female Chinese weightlifter.	Yang Xia	female
sex or gender	``Portland native Raina Rose is everything a young female folksinger should be.	Raina Rose	female
sex or gender	At the time of death, Lindow Man was a healthy male in his mid-20s, and he may have been someone of high status, as his body shows little evidence of heavy or rough work.	Lindow Man	male
sex or gender	Hanna-Riikka Nieminen-Välilä (born June 12, 1973) is a Finnish female ice hockey player.	Riikka Nieminen	female
sex or gender	Bai Xue (Chinese: 白雪; name means White Snow; born 15 December 1988 in Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres.	Bai Xue	female
sex or gender	Mileena was the first evil female character to appear in the series, created by John Tobias for Mortal Kombat II simply to accommodate another palette-swapped character.	Mileena	female
sex or gender	The Good Girls was a female R&B trio from Los Angeles, California that emerged in the late 1980s; composed of Shireen Crutchfield, Joyce Tolbert, and DeMonica Santiago.	The Good Girls	female
sex or gender	Christopher Corvinus or Christopher Hunyadi (August 1499 in Bihać -- March 17, 1505) Prince of Hungary and the last male member of the Hungarian Royal House of Hunyadi.	Christopher Corvinus	male
sex or gender	In January 2005, Suphala was the first artist (and first female artist) to perform in Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban.	Suphala	female
sex or gender	Yuan Aijun (simplified Chinese: 袁爱军; traditional Chinese: 袁愛軍; pinyin: Yuán Àijūn; born April 7, 1977 in Taizhou, Jiangsu) is a male Chinese weightlifter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Yuan Aijun	male
sex or gender	Eliana Gaete (born April 14, 1932 in Antofagasta) is a female former track and field athlete from Chile.	Eliana Gaete	female
sex or gender	Gary Moncher was Patten University's third president in office and the first male president.	Gary Moncher	male
sex or gender	Hans-Peter Gies (born May 9, 1947 in Berlin) is a retired male shot putter, who competed for East Germany during his career.	Hans-Peter Gies	male
sex or gender	Angèle Etoundi Essamba (Born in Douala, 1962) is a Cameroonian photographer living and working in Amsterdam, she is known for her photography work in black in white that often focuses on the African female as a subject matter.	Angèle Etoundi Essamba	female
sex or gender	Nicole Emmanuel is a female football right-back.	Nicole Emmanuel	female
sex or gender	Ergül Avcı (pronounced (ˈæɾɟyl ˈavdʒɯ); born July 24, 1987 in Bursa, Turkey) is a Turkish female volleyball player.	Ergül Avcı	female
sex or gender	Of her Buttercup, The New York Mercury wrote, ``Miss Alice Barnett, an enormous female, was well made up as Buttercup, but is far behind her predecessors here either as an actress or a vocalist.''	Alice Barnett	female
sex or gender	Gao Ning (simplified Chinese: 高宁; traditional Chinese: 高寧; pinyin: Gāo Níng; born 11 October 1982 in Hubei, China) is a male Table Tennis player from Singapore.	Gao Ning	male
sex or gender	Kirenia Ballar Bell (born in Havana ) is a female beach volleyball player from Cuba, who participated in the NORCECA Beach Volleyball Circuit in 2007, playing with Ion Canet and 2009, with Nirian Sinal.	Kirenia Ballar	female
sex or gender	Metodi Ananiev (Bulgarian: Методи Ананиев) (born 17 February 1986) is a Bulgarian male volleyball and beach volleyball player.	Metodi Ananiev	male
sex or gender	Zhan Xugang (simplified Chinese: 占旭刚; traditional Chinese: 占旭剛; pinyin: Zhān Xùgāng; born May 15, 1974 in Kaihua, Quzhou, Zhejiang) is a male Chinese weightlifter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Zhan Xugang	male
sex or gender	Wang Aichen (born 1985-03-28 in Liaoning) is a male Chinese windsurfer.	Wang Aichen	male
sex or gender	Laiza Carrillo Mesa (born November 27, 1968) is a retired female long and triple jumper, who also competed in the heptathlon during her career.	Laiza Carrillo	female
sex or gender	Michaela Zrůstová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪxaɛla ˈzruːstovaː); born 4 April 1987) is a Czech female basketball player.	Michaela Zrůstová	female
sex or gender	Yudit Abreu (born April 23, 1969) is a male basketball player from Cuba.	Yudit Abreu	male
sex or gender	Zelimkhan Huseynov (Azerbaijani: Zəlimxan Hüseynov; born July 13, 1981) is a male freestyle wrestler from Azerbaijan.	Zelimkhan Huseynov	male
sex or gender	Janabil is a male Chinese politician of Kazakh nationality.	Janabil	male
sex or gender	Ion Luchianov (Russian: Иван Лукьянов, Ivan Lukyanov; born 31 January 1981 in Slobozia-Duşca, Criuleni) is a male steeplechaser from Moldova.	Ion Luchianov	male
sex or gender	Francisca Koki Manunga (born 30 October 1993) is a female hurdler from Kenya.	Francisca Koki Manunga	female
sex or gender	Nicolas Devilder (born 25 March 1980 in Dax, Landes) is a French male tennis player.	Nicolas Devilder	male
sex or gender	Alberta Pfeiffer (1899--1994) was one of the first female architects of Illinois and was the first woman to win the school medal for academic excellence from the American Institute of Architects.	Alberta Pfeiffer	female
sex or gender	Norma Elaine Brown is known for being the first female to command a USAF wing (6940th Security Wing at Goodfellow AFB, TX, 1974) in the history of the U.S. Air Force.	Norma Elaine Brown	female
sex or gender	Yelena Vinogradova (Russian: Елена Виноградова, born 28 March 1964) is a female track and field athlete who represented the Soviet Union.	Yelena Vinogradova	female
sex or gender	Shen Yunying (simplified Chinese: 沈云英; traditional Chinese: 沈雲英; 1624--1660), was a female military general in the imperial army of the Ming dynasty in 17th century China.	Shen Yunying	female
sex or gender	Lu Chunlong (simplified Chinese: 陆春龙; traditional Chinese: 陸春龍; pinyin: Lù Chūnlóng; born April 8, 1989 in Jiangyin, Jiangsu) is a male Chinese trampoline gymnast who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics where he won the Gold medal.	Lu Chunlong	male
sex or gender	Nína Tryggvadóttir is one of Iceland's most important abstract expressionist artists and one of very few Icelandic female artists of her generation.	Nína Tryggvadóttir	female
sex or gender	Alessia Trost (born 8 March 1993) is an Italian female high jumper who won the 2009 World Youth Championship in Athletics in Brixen.	Alessia Trost	female
sex or gender	Gladys Pyle (October 4, 1890 -- March 14, 1989) was a South Dakota politician and the first woman elected to the United States Senate without having previously been appointed to her position; she was also the first female senator to serve as a Republican and the first female senator from South Dakota.	Gladys Pyle	female
sex or gender	Beth Doe, who was carrying a nine-month female fetus, had been strangled and shot in the neck by an unknown person.	Beth Doe	female
sex or gender	Chen Qiuqi (simplified Chinese: 陈秋绮; traditional Chinese: 陳秋綺; pinyin: Chén Qiūqǐ; Jyutping: Chan4 Chau1 Yi2; born July 4, 1980 in Mei County (now Mexican District), Guangdong) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Chen Qiuqi	female
sex or gender	Ayesha Farooq (Urdu:عائشہ فاروق) (born August 24, 1987) is a female Pakistani fighter pilot.	Ayesha Farooq	female
sex or gender	The next week, she transitioned, presenting full-time as Mary Ann. Over the next few years, she took appropriate medical steps, and legally changed her name to Mary Ann Horton and her sex to female.	Mary Ann Horton	female
sex or gender	Heather Monro (born 4 September 1971) was the second British female orienteer to win a world championship medal.	Heather Monro	female
sex or gender	Tsering Wangmo Dhompa (born 1969) is the first Tibetan female poet to be published in English.	Tsering Wangmo Dhompa	female
sex or gender	Little is known on her early life, prior to marry Tiridates III. The name Ashkhen is a female Armenian name.	Ashkhen	female
sex or gender	Leroy McGuirk is credited as the longest male single's champion of all time.	Leroy McGuirk	male
sex or gender	Mayor Marie Atkins was the 3rd female mayor for Kingston & St. Andrew, Jamaica and is the longest serving mayor to date for Kingston & St. Andrew.	Marie Atkins	female
sex or gender	Amalia González Caballero de Castillo Ledón (1898 - 1986) was a diplomat, cabinet minister, minister plenipotentiary, writer, president of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation, and the first female member of a presidential cabinet.	Amalia González Caballero de Castillo Ledón	female
sex or gender	Ou Dongni (Chinese: 区冬妮; pinyin: Oū Dōngnī) is a female badminton from China.	Ou Dongni	female
sex or gender	Rob Rotten started as a male performer in the adult industry in 2001.	Rob Rotten	male
sex or gender	Raye Hollitt (born April 17, 1964) is an American actress and female bodybuilder, also known by her stage name Zap, one of the original cast members of American Gladiators.	Raye Hollitt	female
sex or gender	Micah Boyd (born April 6, 1982) is a male crew rower who qualified for the eight-man rowing competition of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, competing for the United States.	Micah Boyd	male
sex or gender	Veronica Burton (born 27 January 1952 in London) was a female professional tennis player.	Veronica Burton	female
sex or gender	Li Shufang (Chinese: 李淑芳; pinyin: Lǐ Shúfāng; born May 6, 1979 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Li Shufang	female
sex or gender	Norica Câmpean (born 22 March 1972 in Teiuş) is a retired female race walker from Romania.	Norica Câmpean	female
sex or gender	Okka Rau (born January 5, 1977 in Leer, Lower Saxony) is a female beach volleyball player from Germany, who won the gold medal at the 2003 European Championships in Alanya, partnering Stephanie Pohl.	Okka Rau	female
sex or gender	Camilla Ravera (Acqui Terme, 18 June 1889 -- Rome, 14 April 1988) was an Italian politician and the first female lifetime senator.	Camilla Ravera	female
sex or gender	Choong Tan Fook (born 6 February 1976 in Perak) is a male badminton player from Malaysia, who competed in badminton at the 2004 Summer Olympics in men's doubles with partner Lee Wan Wah.	Choong Tan Fook	male
sex or gender	Chancellor Ramirez (born 01 October 1994) is a male former water polo player from United States.	Chancellor Ramirez	male
sex or gender	Ana Kalandadze (Georgian: ანა კალანდაძე) (December 15, 1924 -- March 11, 2008) was a Georgian poet and one of the most influential female figures in modern Georgian literature.	Ana Kalandadze	female
sex or gender	Diane Marie Rodríguez Zambrano (March 16, 1982, Guayaquil, Ecuador) is a transgender male to female activist in human rights, sexuality, LGBT rights in Ecuador and post-feminist who is currently the transgender-chair of the ``Silueta X Association'' and representative of ``Observatory LGBTI of Ecuador''.	Diane Marie Rodríguez Zambrano	female
sex or gender	Jang Ji-won (born August 30, 1979) is a female South Korean Taekwondo practitioner who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Jang Ji-won	female
sex or gender	Chien Wei-chuan (born March 8, 1971), also known as Rosa Chien, is a Taiwanese basketball coach and former player, widely considered the best female basketball player in Taiwanese history.	Chien Wei-chuan	female
sex or gender	Eupheme was the ancient Greek female spirit of words of good omen, praise, acclaims, shouts of triumph, and applause.	Eupheme	female
sex or gender	Maja Miljković (born April 11, 1988 in Leskovac) is a Serbian professional female basketball player.	Maja Miljković	female
sex or gender	With ENO, Eilene Hannan recorded the female title role in an English-language production of Debussy's Pelléas et Mélisande in 1981 (available on DVD).	Eilene Hannan	female
sex or gender	Wojciech Kondratowicz (born 18 April 1980) is a male hammer thrower from Poland.	Wojciech Kondratowicz	male
sex or gender	Moon Kyung-eun (Hangul: 문경은; hanja: 文景垠; born 27 August 1971) is a former South Korean male professional basketball player and basketball coach.	Moon Kyung-eun	male
sex or gender	Nina Osegueda (born Balvina Osegueda), is a female heavy metal vocalist from Washington, D.C..	Nina Osegueda	female
sex or gender	Carina Lemoine (born 1969, Helmond) is a Dutch pop female singer.	Carina Lemoine	female
sex or gender	Zhang Mengying (simplified Chinese: 张梦莹; traditional Chinese: 張夢瑩; pinyin: Zhāng Mèngyíng; born December 22, 1993 in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese female ice hockey player.	Zhang Mengying	female
sex or gender	Heo Nanseolheon (1563--1589), born Heo Chohui, was a prominent Korean female poet of the mid-Joseon dynasty.	Heo Nanseolheon	female
sex or gender	Selma Delibašić (born April 14, 1980 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian-Swedish female basketball player.	Selma Delibašić	female
sex or gender	Maurice Heerdink (12 August 1955, The Hague) is a Dutch painter known mostly for his subtle painted photo-realistic male nude art. In 1981 Heerdink graduated from the Royal Art Academy in The Hague in the Netherlands.	Maurice Heerdink	male
sex or gender	Naeem Haq is a Pakistani male model, television actor, CEO, gymnast and architect.	Naeem Haq	male
sex or gender	Robert Lindley Murray (November 3, 1893 -- January 17, 1970) was an award-winning chemist and an American male tennis player.	Robert Lindley Murray	male
sex or gender	Lee Deuk-choon (Hangul: 이득춘) is a retired male badminton player from South Korea.	Lee Deuk-choon	male
sex or gender	Ann-Cathrine Wiklander, born 4 July 1958 in Sollefteå, Sweden, is a Swedish female singer, scoring dansband successes during the 1990s.	Ann-Cathrine Wiklander	female
sex or gender	Elena Gjeorgjievska (Macedonian: Елена Ѓорѓиевска; born 27 March 1990 in Struga) is a Macedonian female handballer who plays as a right back for Fehérvár KC and the Macedonian national team.	Elena Gjeorgjievska	female
sex or gender	Wang Xiaoyan (simplified Chinese: 王晓燕; traditional Chinese: 王曉燕; pinyin: Wáng Xiǎoyàn; born November 13, 1970 in Zhengzhou, Henan) is a female Chinese softball player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Wang Xiaoyan	female
sex or gender	Tang Chunling (Chinese: 唐春玲; pinyin: Táng Chūnlíng, born June 24, 1976 in Yitong, Siping, Jilin) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Tang Chunling	female
sex or gender	Qiao Leiying (born 24 August 1989 in Liaoning) is a female Chinese water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship.	Qiao Leiying	female
sex or gender	Winona Closterman (September 15, 1877 in Cincinnati, Ohio -- July 23, 1944) was an American female tennis player.	Winona Closterman	female
sex or gender	Fantine's image as a saint-like symbol of female victimhood appears in the writings of the union leader Eugene V. Debs, founder of the Industrial Workers of the World.	Fantine	female
sex or gender	Yagmur Arzu Elma (born 19 January 1996 in İzmir) is a Turkish female water polo player, playing at the wing position.	Yagmur Arzu Elma	female
sex or gender	Marie Davenport (born 24 January 1975 as Marie McMahon in Ennistymon) is a female long-distance runner from Ireland.	Marie Davenport	female
sex or gender	The Gangadhar inscripture deals with a construction to a shrine to Chamunda and the other Matrikas, ''who are attended by Dakinis (female demons)`` and rituals of daily Tantric worship (Tantrobhuta) like the ritual of Bali (offering of grain).	Matrikas	female
sex or gender	Chen Pao-pei (Chinese: 陳寶貝) is a former female table tennis player from Taiwan.	Chen Pao-pei	female
sex or gender	Ashly Lorenzana (born 1987) is a female sex worker, freelance writer and author of the autobiographical memoir titled Sex, Drugs & Being an Escort.	Ashly Lorenzana	female
sex or gender	Huang Shanshan (simplified Chinese: 黄珊汕; traditional Chinese: 黃珊汕; pinyin: Huáng Shānshàn; born January 18, 1986 in Fujian) is a female Chinese trampoline gymnast who won Bronze in the individual competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Huang Shanshan	female
sex or gender	Yuliya Podskalnaya also written as Ioulia Podskalnaïa (born 18 April 1989) is a Russian female volleyball player.	Yuliya Podskalnaya	female
sex or gender	Suci Rizky Andini (born 26 March 1993, in Bandung) is a female Indonesian badminton player.	Suci Rizky Andini	female
sex or gender	Huang Yaqiong (Chinese: 黄雅琼; pinyin: Huáng Yăqióng) is a female Chinese badminton player who specializes in doubles.	Huang Yaqiong	female
sex or gender	Susanne Glesnes (born 1 December 1974 in Bergen) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Norway, who represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Susanne Glesnes	female
sex or gender	The disappearance of María Esther Aguilar Cansimbe happened 11 November 2009 when the female newspaper journalist who worked for El Diario de Zamora and El Cambio de Michoacán in Michoacán, Mexico vanished.	María Esther Aguilar Cansimbe	female
sex or gender	Jackie Paisley is a professional female bodybuilder from the United States.	Jackie Paisley	female
sex or gender	Together with Camille du Gast and Duchesse d'Uzès Anne de Rochechouart de Mortemart, Baroness Hélène van Zuylen was one of a trio of French female motoring pioneers of the Belle Epoque.	Hélène van Zuylen	female
sex or gender	Tarun Kona (born 17 November 1989) is a male Indian badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series.	Tarun Kona	male
sex or gender	Nina Morgunova (born April 21, 1951) is a retired female middle distance runner who represented the Soviet Union in the 1970s.	Nina Morgunova	female
sex or gender	Carmen Lawrence was the first female Premier of an Australian State.	Carmen Lawrence	female
sex or gender	After attending Ohio University for two years, Eugenia Price became the only female student to be enrolled in Ohio's Northwestern Dentistry School.	Eugenia Price	female
sex or gender	Gesa Ederberg (born 1968 in Tübingen) became the first female pulpit rabbi in Berlin in 2007 when she became the rabbi of the Oranienburger Strasse Synagogue in the former East Berlin.	Gesa Ederberg	female
sex or gender	Eos Counsell (born 27 January 1976), sometimes credited as Eos, is the second violinist of the all-female classical crossover string quartet Bond.	Eos Counsell	female
sex or gender	Satu Levelä (born October 8, 1967) is a retired female long-distance runner from Finland.	Satu Levelä	female
sex or gender	Shen Qiong (born September 5, 1981 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese volleyball player.	Shen Qiong	male
sex or gender	Alberto Tomba retired at the end of the 1998 season, but not before winning a last World Cup race at the Finals at Crans-Montana where he grabbed the slalom, becoming the only alpine male skier to have won at least one World Cup race per year for 11 consecutive seasons.	Alberto Tomba	male
sex or gender	Brigadier General Robin Umberg (born c. 1960), Deputy Commander Clinical Services 3rd Medical Command, is one of several female United States Army general officers.	Robin Umberg	female
sex or gender	Charles Devoe (February 5, 1982 -- December 17, 2010) was a successful American male model.	Charles Devoe	male
sex or gender	Waraporn Boonsing (Thai: วราภรณ์ บุญสิงห์ born 16 February 1990) is a Thai female international footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper.	Waraporn Boonsing	female
sex or gender	Nischan Daimer (born July 19, 1967 in St. Petersburg, Soviet Union) is a retired male race walker who competed internationally for Germany, who was born as Nischan Tsamonikyan.	Nischan Daimer	male
sex or gender	Ch. Efbe's Hidalgo At Goodspice (born May 19, 2004), also known as Charmin, is a male Sealyham Terrier who was the Best in Show at the American Kennel Club National Championship in 2007, World Dog Show in 2008, and Crufts in 2009.	Efbe's Hidalgo At Goodspice	male
sex or gender	Daniela Mincă (born 14 July 1971) is a Romanian female former volleyball player, playing as a setter.	Daniela Mincă	female
sport	Jamie Klayman (born September 1, 1983 in Thornhill, Ontario, Canada ) is a professional ice hockey player for the Varkaus Eagles of the Finish second division, DIV II FIHA.	Jamie Klayman	ice hockey
sport	In American football, the Snowball Game was the name given to the November 11, 1985 National Football League game between the San Francisco 49ers and Denver Broncos.	Snowball Game	American football
spouse	Licinia Eudoxia (422--462) was a Roman Empress, daughter of Eastern Emperor Theodosius II. Her husbands included the Western Emperors Valentinian III and Petronius Maximus.	Licinia Eudoxia	Valentinian III	Petronius Maximus
spouse	Through her social activities, Blanche Oelrichs-Thomas met renowned actor John Barrymore.	Blanche Oelrichs	John Barrymore
spouse	Bircenna was one of the five wives of Pyrrhus of Epirus; she married him around 292 BC. Pyrrhus married Bircenna for diplomatic reasons and to increase his power in southern Illyria as he was an ally of Bircenna's father.	Bircenna	Pyrrhus
spouse	Imperial Concubine Chun (died 13 October 1819) was a consort of the Jiaqing Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Imperial Concubine Chun	Jiaqing Emperor
spouse	Euphemia of Sweden (Swedish: Eufemia Eriksdotter; 1317 -- 16 June 1370) was a Swedish princess, spouse of Albert II, Duke of Mecklenburg, Duchess consort of Mecklenburg, heiress of Sweden and of Norway, and mother of King Albert of Sweden.	Euphemia of Sweden	Albert II, Duke of Mecklenburg
spouse	Bhishma won the swayamvara and brought the Princesses Amba, Ambika and Ambalika to marry Vichitravirya.	Vichitravirya	Ambalika
spouse	In Shinto mythology, Kushinadahime (Japanese: クシナダヒメ; Kojiki: 櫛名田比売, Nihonshoki: 奇稲田姫, Kushiinadahime) is a deity (kami) and the wife of the god Susanoo.	Kushinadahime	Susanoo
spouse	Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza, Countess of Paris (Isabelle Marie Amélie Louise Victoire Thérèse Jeanne; Eu, Seine-Maritime, 13 August 1911 -- Paris, 5 July 2003), historical author and consort of the Orleanist pretender, Henri, Count of Paris.	Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza	Henri, Count of Paris
spouse	Larisa Tarkovskaya (Russian: Лариса Тарковская) (April 15, 1938 -- February 19, 1998), born Larisa Pavlovna Egorkina, and Larisa Kizilova during her first marriage, was a Russian actress and second wife of the film director Andrei Tarkovsky.	Larisa Tarkovskaya	Andrei Tarkovsky
spouse	Stanley Wojcicki is the husband of fellow educator Esther Wojcicki, whom he met at UC Berkeley.	Stanley Wojcicki	Esther Wojcicki
spouse	Arcesius's wife (and thus mother of Laertes) was Chalcomedusa, whose origins are not mentioned further, but whose very name, chalcos (``copper'') and medousa (``guardian'' or ``protectress''), identifies her as the protector of Bronze Age metal-working technology.	Arcesius	Chalcomedusa
spouse	Anna Chennault, born Chen Xiangmei (Chinese: 陳香梅; born June 23, 1925), also known as Anna Chan Chennault or Anna Chen Chennault, is the widow of World War II leader Lieutenant General Claire Lee Chennault, commander of American air operations in China and leader of the ``Flying Tigers''.	Anna Chennault	Claire Lee Chennault
spouse	Helena Palaiologina (Greek: Ἑλένη Παλαιολογίνα) (3 February 1428 -- 11 April 1458) was a Byzantine princess of the Palaiologos family, who became the Queen consort of Cyprus and Armenia, titular Queen consort of Jerusalem, and Princess of Antioch through her marriage to King John II of Cyprus and Armenia.	Helena Palaiologina	John II of Cyprus
spouse	Mohit Suri married actress Udita Goswami on 29 January 2013.	Mohit Suri	Udita Goswami
spouse	Halah bint Wuhayb ibn Abd Manaf ibn Zuhrah (Arabic: هالة بنت وهيب بن عبد مناف بن زهرة‎) was one of Abdul-Muttalib ibn Hashim's wives.	Halah bint Wuhayb	Abdul-Muttalib
spouse	Violant of Hungary (c. 1215--1251) was a Queen consort of Aragon and the second wife of King James I of Aragon.	Violant of Hungary	James I of Aragon
spouse	Giles Corey (September 11, 1611 -- September 19, 1692) was accused of witchcraft along with his wife Martha Corey during the Salem Witch Trials (1692-1693).	Giles Corey	Martha Corey
spouse	Bella Sidney Woolf OBE (1877--1960) was an English author, sister of author Leonard Woolf and first married to Robert Heath Lock, and in her second marriage to Hong Kong colonial secretary and colonial Ceylonese administrator Tom Southorn.	Bella Sidney Woolf	Robert Heath Lock
spouse	Thanpuying Poonsuk Banomyong (Thai: พูนศุข พนมยงค์; rtgs: Phunsuk Phanomyong; January 2, 1913 -- May 12, 2007) was the wife of former Thai Prime Minister Pridi Banomyong.	Poonsuk Banomyong	Pridi Banomyong
spouse	Denise Scott Brown and her husband and partner, Robert Venturi, are regarded as among the most influential architects of the twentieth century, both through their architecture and planning, and theoretical writing and teaching.	Denise Scott Brown	Robert Venturi
spouse	Guru Dutt also introduced Zohra Sehgal (whom he met at Almora) as the choreographer in the movie, and he also met his future wife, Geeta Dutt during the making of the movie.	Guru Dutt	Geeta Dutt
spouse	Gladys Shelley married Irving Rosenthal, the owner of New Jersey's Palisades Amusement Park, and in 1965 she wrote the music and lyrics to a radio and television jingle called Come on Over which proved to be a catchy and effective promotions device.	Gladys Shelley	Irving Rosenthal
spouse	Mickey generally appears alongside his girlfriend Minnie Mouse, his pet dog Pluto, his friends Donald Duck, and Goofy, and his nemesis Pete, among others (see Mickey Mouse universe).	Mickey Mouse	Minnie Mouse
spouse	Alix of Ibelin (1304/1306 -- after 6 August 1386), was Queen consort of Cyprus and nominal Queen consort of Jerusalem as the second wife of King Hugh IV of Cyprus.	Alix of Ibelin	Hugh IV of Cyprus
spouse	Archaeological excavation at the site was conducted in the 1960s by an international team led by archaeologist Anne Stine Ingstad (Helge Ingstad's wife) and under the direction of Parks Canada of the Government of Canada in the 1970s.	Helge Ingstad	Anne Stine Ingstad
spouse	Winifred Wagner (born Winifred Marjorie Williams; 23 June 1897 -- 5 March 1980) was the English-born wife of Siegfried Wagner, the son of Richard Wagner, and ran the Bayreuth Festival after her husband's death in 1930 until the end of World War II in 1945.	Winifred Wagner	Siegfried Wagner
spouse	Ida Saxton McKinley (June 8, 1847 -- May 26, 1907), wife of William McKinley, was First Lady of the United States from 1897 to 1901.	Ida Saxton McKinley	William McKinley
spouse	Stelios Kazantzidis married Marinella on 7 May 1964 and they toured together in Germany and the United States.	Stelios Kazantzidis	Marinella
spouse	Mary Smith Jones (1819--1907) was the last First Lady of the Republic of Texas, as wife of Anson Jones, the last president of the Republic.	Mary Smith Jones	Anson Jones
spouse	Countess Ilona Andrássy de Csíkszentkirály et Krasznahorka (May 21, 1858 -- April 2, 1952) was a Hungarian noblewoman, wife of Count Lajos Batthyány de Németújvár (1860--1951) who served as Governor of Fiume.	Ilona Andrássy	Lajos Batthyány
spouse	Cratesipolis (Greek: Kρατησίπoλις meaning ``conqueror of the city''; lived 4th century BC), wife of Alexander, the son of Polyperchon, was highly distinguished for her beauty, talents, and energy.	Cratesipolis	Alexander
spouse	Anny Ondra (15 May 1903 -- 28 February 1987) was a Czech film actress whose husband was German boxing great Max Schmeling.	Anny Ondra	Max Schmeling
spouse	Meeru Dhalwala is an author, chef and co-owner, with her husband Vikram Vij, of the Indian restaurants Vij's and Rangoli in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Meeru Dhalwala	Vikram Vij
spouse	Janni Spies (née Brodersen, born 19 September 1962) is a Danish businesswoman, multimillionaire, and former owner of the Scandinavian travelling empire Spies Rejser including the charter airline Conair of Scandinavia, companies she inherited from her first husband Simon Spies.	Janni Spies	Simon Spies
spouse	In the early 1980s, Paulene Stone married Peter Morton, co-founder of the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant chain, and moved to Los Angeles.	Paulene Stone	Peter Morton
spouse	Fredegund (or Fredegunda) (Latin: Fredegundis; French: Frédégonde) (died 597) was the Queen consort of Chilperic I, the Merovingian Frankish king of Soissons.	Fredegund	Chilperic I
spouse	Shana'Kin Yaxchel Pacal (``Green Jay on the Wall'') was a Mayan Queen of Copan and the wife of Yik'in Chan K'awiil.	Shana'Kin Yaxchel Pacal	Yik'in Chan K'awiil
spouse	Maud de Prendergast, Lady of Offaly (17 March 1242 -- before 1273), was a Norman-Irish noblewoman, the first wife of Maurice FitzGerald, 3rd Lord of Offaly, Justiciar of Ireland, and the mother of his two daughters, Juliana FitzGerald and Amabel.	Maud de Prendergast	Maurice FitzGerald, 3rd Lord of Offaly
spouse	Benjamin Raich is married to skier Marlies Schild.	Benjamin Raich	Marlies Schild
spouse	Barth Jules Sussman is a novelist, screenwriter, and children's book author married to illustrator Jen Sussman.	Barth Jules Sussman	Jen Sussman
spouse	Consort Han, imperial consort rank Shufei (韓淑妃, personal name unknown) was the first wife of Emperor Zhuangzong of Later Tang (Li Cunxu), the founding emperor of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Later Tang.	Consort Han	Emperor Zhuangzong of Later Tang
spouse	Princess Pei (裴王后, personal name unknown) (died 354) was the wife of the Chinese state Former Liang's ruler Zhang Chonghua.	Princess Pei	Zhang Chonghua
spouse	Rahul Mahajan married Dimpy Mahajan (née Ganguly), a 25-year-old Bengali model and actress on 6 March 2010.	Rahul Mahajan	Dimpy Mahajan
spouse	Sally Katzen is married to U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit judge Timothy B. Dyk, and they have one child, Abraham Benjamin Dyk.	Sally Katzen	Timothy B. Dyk
spouse	Domitia Longina (c. AD 53-55--c. AD 126-130) was an Empress of Rome and wife to the Roman Emperor Domitian.	Domitia Longina	Domitian
spouse	Teofila Ludwika Zasławska married the Great Crown Hetman of the Commonwealth, Dymitr Jerzy Wiśniowiecki in 1671, and after his death in 1682, married Prince Józef Karol Lubomirski (Joseph Carl Lubomirski) in 1683.	Teofila Ludwika Zasławska	Dymitr Jerzy Wiśniowiecki
spouse	Chlodomer married Guntheuc, with whom he had three sons:	Chlodomer	Guntheuc
spouse	Nadia Tass is married to fellow Australian director David Parker.	Nadia Tass	David Parker
spouse	Catharine of Bourbon (born 1440 in Liège; died: 21 May 1469 in Nijmegen) was Duchess of Guelders from 1465-1469 by her marriage to Adolf, Duke of Guelders.	Catharine of Bourbon	Adolf, Duke of Guelders
spouse	Catherine Barton (1679--1739) was Isaac Newton's half-niece, probable mistress of Charles Montagu and later, the wife of John Conduitt.	Catherine Barton	John Conduitt
spouse	Djet's queen was his sister Merneith, who may have ruled as a Pharaoh in her own right after his death.	Djet	Merneith
spouse	Katharine Dickson Dukakis (born December 26, 1936), known as Kitty Dukakis, is the wife of former Massachusetts governor and U.S. presidential candidate Michael Dukakis.	Kitty Dukakis	Michael Dukakis
spouse	Theodelinda was allowed to pick Agilulf as her next husband and Authari's successor in 591.	Theodelinda	Agilulf
spouse	Paul Soros and his wife, Daisy Soros, founded The Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans, which provides funding for graduate degrees for immigrants and the children of immigrants.	Paul Soros	Daisy Soros
spouse	Cao Fang was forced to depose Empress Zhang (Zhang Ji's daughter) and replace her with Empress Wang.	Cao Fang	Empress Zhang
spouse	Friedrich Kettler married Elisabeth Magdalena of Pomerania in 1600.	Friedrich Kettler	Elisabeth Magdalena of Pomerania
taxon rank	Dalea tentaculoides is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Gentry's indigobush.	Dalea tentaculoides	species
taxon rank	Tropimetopa simulator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tropimetopa.	Tropimetopa simulator	species
taxon rank	Poyntonophrynus dombensis (common name: Dombe toad or Dombe pygmy toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Poyntonophrynus dombensis	species
taxon rank	Ciccaba was a small genus of typical owls found in the Americas.	Ciccaba	genus
taxon rank	Critonia is a genus of flowering plant in the subtribe Eupatorieae of the sunflower family.	Critonia	genus
taxon rank	Chrysiptera springeri is a species of damselfish known by the common name Springer's demoiselle.	Chrysiptera springeri	species
taxon rank	Gyalopion is a genus of small nonvenomous colubrid snakes, which are commonly referred to as hooknose snakes, that are native to the southwestern United States and Mexico.	Gyalopion	genus
taxon rank	The Coelopidae or kelp flies are a family of Acalyptratae flies (order Diptera), they are sometimes also called seaweed flies, though both terms are used for a number of seashore Diptera.	Coelopidae	family
taxon rank	Lophiocharon is a genus of frogfishes native to the Indian Ocean and western Pacific Ocean.	Lophiocharon	genus
taxon rank	Carpocoris pudicus is a species of shield bug in the Pentatomidae family.	Carpocoris pudicus	species
taxon rank	Sarcobatus, is a North American genus of two species of flowering plants, formerly considered to be a single species.	Sarcobatus	genus
taxon rank	Saloca is a genus of spider that is native to Europe.	Saloca	genus
taxon rank	Galium buxifolium is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names box bedstraw and island bedstraw.	Galium buxifolium	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus iheringi is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil in São Paulo and Paraná states, centred on Santos where it is found in the Ribeira do Iguape River basin.	Trichomycterus iheringi	species
taxon rank	Tuberculobasis geijskesi is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae first identified in Suriname.	Tuberculobasis geijskesi	species
taxon rank	Uroteuthis is a genus of 14 species of common inshore squids of the Indo-West Pacific and is further subdivided into 3 subgenera.	Uroteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Calathus albanicus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Albania, Kosovo, Montenegro, Republic of Macedonia, Serbia, and Voivodina.	Calathus albanicus	species
taxon rank	Hickory (from Powhatan) is a type of tree, comprising the genus Carya (Ancient Greek: κάρυον ``nut'').	Hickory	genus
taxon rank	Bathanalia howesi is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Bathanalia howesi	species
taxon rank	Macrothyatira is a genus of insects belonging to the subfamily Thyatirinae.	Macrothyatira	genus
taxon rank	Sea ravens are a family, the Hemitripteridae, of scorpaeniform fishes.	Sea raven	family
taxon rank	Henricia leviuscula, commonly called the Pacific blood star, it is a species of starfish found along the Pacific coast of North America.	Henricia leviuscula	species
taxon rank	Spineuteleuta celebensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spineuteleuta.	Spineuteleuta celebensis	species
taxon rank	Erigeron reductus is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name lesser California rayless fleabane.	Erigeron reductus	species
taxon rank	Lucinoida is a taxonomic order of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs.	Lucinoida	order
taxon rank	Javichthys kailolae is a species of pufferfish known only from the Bali Strait off Java in Indonesia.	Javichthys kailolae	species
taxon rank	Urotrygon is a genus of American round stingrays.	Urotrygon	genus
taxon rank	Lioptilodes doeri is a species of moth in the genus Lioptilodes, known from Argentina, Brazil, and Peru.	Lioptilodes doeri	species
taxon rank	It was described by Pillet in 1954, and the type species is Gourdonia gourdoni, which was originally described under the genus Dalmanites by Barrois in 1883.	Gourdonia	genus
taxon rank	Cassiope mertensiana is a species of flowering plant known by the common names western moss heather and white mountain heather.	Cassiope mertensiana	species
taxon rank	Discolops strigicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Discolops.	Discolops strigicollis	species
taxon rank	Sigmodontomys aphrastus, also known as the long-tailed sigmodontomys, Harris's rice water rat, or long-tailed rice rat, is a species of rodent in genus Sigmodontomys of family Cricetidae.	Sigmodontomys aphrastus	species
taxon rank	Arcygobius baliurus is a species of goby native to marine and brackish waters of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it can be found at depths of from 3 to 15 metres (9.8 to 49.2 ft).	Arcygobius baliurus	species
taxon rank	Girella nigricans, commonly known as the opaleye or rudderfish, is a species of sea chub found in the Eastern Pacific, from California to southern Baja California.	Girella nigricans	species
taxon rank	Crataegus macrosperma is a species of hawthorn native to most of the eastern U.S. and adjacent Canada, though uncommon at lower altitudes in the south.	Crataegus macrosperma	species
taxon rank	Cryptopecten phrygium, or the spathate scallop, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.	Cryptopecten phrygium	species
taxon rank	Minolops gertruda, common name the coral red top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Minolops gertruda	species
taxon rank	The Middle American screech owl (Megascops guatemalae), also known as the Guatemalan screech owl or vermiculated screech owl, is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Middle American screech owl	species
taxon rank	The Cocculinoidea is a superfamily of deepwater limpets (marine gastropods), the only superfamily in the clade Cocculiniformia, one of the main clades of gastropods according to the taxonomy as set up by (Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Cocculinoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Sympterygia is a genus of fish in the family Rajidae.	Sympterygia	genus
taxon rank	Perittopus zhengi is a species of Riffle bug from Thailand.	Perittopus zhengi	species
taxon rank	Oxyurichthys microlepis, the maned goby, is a species of goby native to tropical marine and brackish waters along the coasts of the Indian Ocean from Africa to the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs in estuaries and inshore waters to depths of about 75 metres (246 ft).	Oxyurichthys microlepis	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum thomasii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Thurber's buckwheat.	Eriogonum thomasii	species
taxon rank	Some authors consider Polyommatus andronicus to be a separate species, while others treat it as a synonym of Polyommatus icarus.	Polyommatus andronicus	species
taxon rank	Candidatus Brocadia fulgida is a bacteria species that performs the anammox process.	Brocadia fulgida	species
taxon rank	Lucianosaurus is an extinct genus of amniote of unknown affinities, known only from teeth.	Lucianosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Orconectes alabamensis, the Alabama crayfish, is a species of freshwater crayfish that lives in Alabama, Mississippi and Tennessee.	Orconectes alabamensis	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma iridium, common name the Panama rainbow top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma iridium	species
taxon rank	Pheidologeton diversus, common name East Indian harvesting ant, is a species of marauder ant widely distributed throughout Asia.	Pheidologeton diversus	species
taxon rank	Lasioglossum cire, also known as the Lasioglossum (Ctenomia) cire, is a species of bees in the genus Lasioglossum, of the family Halictidae.	Lasioglossum cire	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis xanthopteryx is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is only known to occur in the Mwanza Gulf in areas with rocky substrates.	Haplochromis xanthopteryx	species
taxon rank	Palpares is an antlion genus in the Myrmeleonidae family.	Palpares	genus
taxon rank	Lomatium marginatum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name butte desertparsley.	Lomatium marginatum	species
taxon rank	Lucinia cadma is a species of brush-footed butterfly (family Nymphalidae).	Lucinia cadma	species
taxon rank	Lasjia is a genus of five known species of trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Lasjia	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron ciliatum (睫毛杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to eastern Nepal, Sikkim, Bhutan, southern Tibet, and Xizang in China, where it grows at altitudes of 2700--3500 meters.	Rhododendron ciliatum	species
taxon rank	Mergus is the genus of the typical mergansers, fish-eating ducks in the seaduck subfamily (Merginae).	Mergus	genus
taxon rank	Leptophis stimsoni, commonly known as the grey lora, is a small species of colubrid snake which is endemic to Trinidad and Tobago.	Leptophis stimsoni	species
taxon rank	Borago, or borage, is a genus of five species of herbs native to the Mediterranean, with one species, Borago officinalis cultivated and naturalized throughout the world.	Borago	genus
taxon rank	Fouquieria shrevei is a plant species native to the States of Coahuila and Durango, Mexico.	Fouquieria shrevei	species
taxon rank	Gambusia longispinis (cuatrociengas gambusia or guayacon de cuatro cienegas) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family endemic to Mexico.	Gambusia longispinis	species
taxon rank	Leptotes pauloensis is a species of orchid endemic to São Paulo.	Leptotes pauloensis	species
taxon rank	Alcyonium glomeratum or red sea fingers is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family.	Alcyonium glomeratum	species
taxon rank	The Barbados raccoon (Procyon lotor gloveralleni) is an extinct subspecies of the common raccoon (Procyon lotor), that was endemic on Barbados in the Lesser Antilles until 1964.	Barbados raccoon	subspecies
taxon rank	Neotrichoporoides beyarslani is a species of wasp in the Eulophidae family, native to Turkey.	Neotrichoporoides beyarslani	species
taxon rank	Diodora arcuata, common name the arcuate limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Diodora arcuata	species
taxon rank	Erigeron basalticus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names basalt fleabane and basalt daisy.	Erigeron basalticus	species
taxon rank	Spartaeus ellipticus is a species of jumping spider found only in Taiwan.	Spartaeus ellipticus	species
taxon rank	Hemitaeniochromis urotaenia is a species of fish endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.	Hemitaeniochromis urotaenia	species
taxon rank	Lebia chlorocephala is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily.	Lebia chlorocephala	species
taxon rank	Diplocyclos is a genus of climbing or trailing vine in the family Cucurbitaceae.	Diplocyclos	genus
taxon rank	Pterocaulon virgatum, common name wand blackroot, is a plant species widespread in Latin America and in the West Indies.	Pterocaulon virgatum	species
taxon rank	Agonum carbonarium is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Albania, France, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, and Near East.	Agonum carbonarium	species
taxon rank	Carex williamsii is a species of sedge found in Siberia and northern North America, from Alaska to Greenland.	Carex williamsii	species
taxon rank	Falsadjinga postnotata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsadjinga.	Falsadjinga postnotata	species
taxon rank	Ferganosuchus is an extinct genus of gavialid crocodilian.	Ferganosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Holochlora biloba is a species of Tettigoniidae (bush-crickets or katydids) found in Madagascar and in Indonesia.	Holochlora biloba	species
taxon rank	Euphausia crystallorophias is a species of krill, sometimes called ice krill, crystal krill, or Antarctic coastal krill.	Euphausia crystallorophias	species
taxon rank	Mirabilis nyctaginea is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by several common names, including wild four o'clock, heartleaf four o'clock, and heartleaf umbrella wort.	Mirabilis nyctaginea	species
taxon rank	Epicausis smithiiis a species of moth of the Noctuidae family.	Epicausis smithii	species
taxon rank	The Peleng rat (Rattus pelurus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Peleng rat	species
taxon rank	Lilium rubescens is an uncommon species of lily known by the common names redwood lily and chaparral lily.	Lilium rubescens	species
taxon rank	Bottchrus philippinus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Bottchrus.	Bottchrus	species
taxon rank	Pempeliella sororiella is a species of moth in the Pyralidae family.	Pempeliella sororiella	species
taxon rank	Nippoptilia rutteni is a species of moth in the genus Nippoptilia, known from New Guinea.	Nippoptilia rutteni	species
taxon rank	Omphalina is a genus of small agarics with white, nonamyloid, basidiospores and decurrent gills.	Omphalina	genus
taxon rank	It was described by René H.B. Fraaije, Adiël A. Klompmaker and Pedro Artal in 2012, and is the only species in the genus Mesoparapylocheles.	Mesoparapylocheles	species
taxon rank	Orthospinus franciscensis is a species of characin endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the São Francisco River basin.	Orthospinus franciscensis	species
taxon rank	Argonemertes stocki is a species of nemertean worms in the family Prosorhochmidae that is endemic to Australia, and is only known from one specimen found in 1972 in the New England National Park, New South Wales.	Argonemertes stocki	species
taxon rank	Pseudacraea is an Afrotropical butterfly genus in the subfamily Limenitidinae.	Pseudacraea	genus
taxon rank	Canarium australasicum, commonly named mango bark, brown cudgerie or parsnip wood, is a species of rainforest trees, of the plant family Burseraceae.	Canarium australasicum	species
taxon rank	Blastobasis glandulella is a species of moth of the Blastobasidae family.	Blastobasis glandulella	species
taxon rank	The Parker's antbird (Cercomacroides parkeri) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Parker's antbird	species
taxon rank	Ogmodirus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur with an extremely long neck that lived in the Cretaceous.	Ogmodirus	genus
taxon rank	Rhinophis drummondhayi, commonly known as Drummond-Hay's earth snake, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.	Rhinophis drummondhayi	species
taxon rank	Cleistocactus morawetzianus is a species of columnar cactus in the genus Cleistocactus, endemic to Peru.	Cleistocactus morawetzianus	species
taxon rank	Poa atropurpurea is a rare species of grass known by the common name San Bernardino bluegrass.	Poa atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Zea italica is a species of medicinal true grass, native to Tropical America.	Zea italica	species
taxon rank	Pholcus ponticus is a cellar spider species found from Bulgaria to China.	Pholcus ponticus	species
taxon rank	Hypamazso pauli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hypamazso.	Hypamazso pauli	species
taxon rank	Poaephyllum is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae native to Southeast Asia and New Guinea.	Poaephyllum	genus
taxon rank	The Loliginidae, commonly known as pencil squids, are an aquatic family of the order Teuthida (squid).	Loliginidae	family
taxon rank	Camissoniopsis hirtella is a species of evening primrose known by the common name Santa Cruz Island suncup.	Camissoniopsis hirtella	species
taxon rank	Amoria praetexta, common name the pretext volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Amoria praetexta	species
taxon rank	Chaetocnema is a genus of leaf beetles.	Chaetocnema	genus
taxon rank	Nephelomys keaysi, also known as Keays's oryzomys or Keays's rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae.	Nephelomys keaysi	species
taxon rank	Cymbulioidea is a taxonomic superfamily of pelagic ``sea butterflies'', one group of swimming sea snails.	Cymbulioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Gladiolus crassifolius is a species of Gladiolus found in Africa.	Gladiolus crassifolius	species
taxon rank	Hackelia mundula is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name pink stickseed.	Hackelia mundula	species
taxon rank	Leptospermum turbinatum, commonly known as Shiny Tea-tree, is a shrub species that is endemic to the Grampians and nearby ranges in Victoria, Australia.	Leptospermum turbinatum	species
taxon rank	Synodontis batesii is a species of upside-down catfish native to rivers of Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.	Synodontis batesii	species
taxon rank	Chicoreus brunneus, common name the adusta murex, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails.	Chicoreus brunneus	species
taxon rank	Grammoxyla hieroglyphica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Grammoxyla.	Grammoxyla hieroglyphica	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena carvalhoi, also known as Carvalho's worm lizard, is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena carvalhoi	species
taxon rank	Euonyma laeocochlis is a species of an air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Euonyma laeocochlis	species
taxon rank	Prosopocera is a genus of flat-faced longhorn beetles in the subfamily Lamiinae.	Prosopocera	genus
taxon rank	Dolomena variabilis, common name : the Variable Conch, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Dolomena variabilis	species
taxon rank	Calamagrostis montanensis is a species of grass known by the common names plains reedgrass and prairie reedgrass.	Calamagrostis montanensis	species
taxon rank	Paleomattea is an extinct genus of prawn, containing the single species Paleomattea deliciosa.	Paleomattea	genus
taxon rank	Goodyera oblongifolia is a species of orchid known by the common names western rattlesnake plantain and giant rattlesnake plantain.	Goodyera oblongifolia	species
taxon rank	Proboscidoidea is a suborder of cnidarians in the order Leptothecata.	Proboscidoidea	suborder
taxon rank	Mindanaona mindanaonis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mindanaona.	Mindanaona mindanaonis	species
taxon rank	Polistes bischoffi is a species of paper wasps belonging to the family Vespidae.	Polistes bischoffi	species
taxon rank	Amylocorticiales is an order of fungi in the class Agaricomycetes.	Amylocorticiales	order
taxon rank	The Gulf Coast jaguarundi (Puma yagouaroundi cacomitli) is one of four subspecies of jaguarundi.	Gulf Coast jaguarundi	subspecies
taxon rank	Conus spurius, common name the alphabet cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus spurius	species
taxon rank	Sahelanthropus tchadensis is an extinct hominine species that is dated to about 7 million years ago, possibly very close to the time of the chimpanzee--human divergence.	Sahelanthropus	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria messanensis is a European species of flowering plant in the lily family, native to southeastern Europe:	Fritillaria messanensis	species
taxon rank	Crocus malyi is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, endemic to Croatia.	Crocus malyi	species
taxon rank	The hymenopteran family Platygastridae (sometimes incorrectly spelled Platygasteridae) is a large group (over 1100 species) of exclusively parasitoid wasps, mostly very small (1-2 mm), black, and shining, with elbowed antennae that have an eight-segmented flagellum.	Platygastridae	family
taxon rank	The Hoplitidae is a family of Cretaceous ammonites that lived during the middle of the period from the late Aptian to the Cenomanian.	Hoplitidae	family
taxon rank	Geastrum australe is an inedible species of mushroom belonging to the genus Geastrum, or earthstar fungi.	Geastrum australe	species
taxon rank	Ochyraea tatrensis is a species of moss in the Hypnobartlettiaceae family endemic to Slovakia.	Ochyraea tatrensis	species
taxon rank	Ancistrini is a tribe of catfishes of the family Loricariidae.	Ancistrini	tribe
taxon rank	Eburia caymanensis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found on the Cayman Islands.	Eburia caymanensis	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea xytriophora is a species of orchid found from southern Peru to Bolivia.	Stanhopea xytriophora	species
taxon rank	Brachinus pecoudi is a species of ground beetle from the Brachininae subfamily that is endemic to Spain.	Brachinus pecoudi	species
taxon rank	The Bismarck hanging parrot or green-fronted hanging parrot (Loriculus tener) is a small species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.	Bismarck hanging parrot	species
taxon rank	Archicebus is a genus of fossil primates that lived in the early Eocene forests (~55 million years ago) of what is now Jingzhou in the Hubei Province in central China, discovered in 2003.	Archicebus	genus
taxon rank	Coenodomus schausi is a species of snout moth in the genus Coenodomus.	Coenodomus schausi	species
taxon rank	Allocrangonyx is a genus of troglobitic amphipod crustaceans from the South Central United States.	Allocrangonyx	genus
taxon rank	Turraea adjanohounii is a species of forest tree in the Meliaceae family.	Turraea adjanohounii	species
taxon rank	Draculoides is a genus of troglobite arachnid endemic to North West Australia.	Draculoides	genus
taxon rank	The Blacktail angelfish (Centropyge eibli), also known as the Red stripe angelfish, Orangelined angelfish, or Eibl dwarf angel is a species of marine angelfish found near reefs in the Indo-Pacific.	Centropyge eibli	species
taxon rank	Orthetrum pruinosum, the crimson-tailed marsh hawk, is a species of dragonfly.	Orthetrum pruinosum	species
taxon rank	Sorbus mougeotii (Vosges whitebeam or Mougeot's whitebeam) is a species of whitebeam native to the mountains of central and western Europe from the Pyrenees east through the Alps to Austria, and north to the Vosges Mountains.	Sorbus mougeotii	species
taxon rank	Eugaster spinulosa is a species of bush-cricket from Morocco.	Eugaster spinulosa	species
taxon rank	Goniaeola foveolata is a species of picture-winged fly in the family Ulidiidae.	Goniaeola foveolata	species
taxon rank	Aneilema acuminatum is a species of herbaceous plant in the family Commelinaceae.	Aneilema acuminatum	species
taxon rank	Solenopsis solenopsidis is a species of ant in the genus Solenopsis.	Solenopsis solenopsidis	species
taxon rank	Juliomys rimofrons, also known as the cleft-headed juliomys, is a South American rodent species in the family Cricetidae.	Juliomys rimofrons	species
taxon rank	Tramitichromis trilineatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in the southeastern portion of the lake, preferring shallow waters with sandy substrates.	Tramitichromis trilineatus	species
taxon rank	Mangarinus waterousi is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of Japan, the Philippines, Indonesia, Palau and Micronesia.	Mangarinus waterousi	species
taxon rank	Anaphalis margaritacea, commonly known as the western pearly everlasting or pearly everlasting, is an Asian and North American species of flowering perennial plant in the sunflower family.	Anaphalis margaritacea	species
taxon rank	Carassius cuvieri, the Japanese crucian carp or white crucian carp, is a species in the genus Carassius.	Carassius cuvieri	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Vietorchis aurea, endemic to northern Vietnam.	Vietorchis	species
taxon rank	The genus name Norovirus is derived from Norwalk virus, the only species of the genus.	Norovirus	genus
taxon rank	Ranunculus lobbii is a species of buttercup known by the common name Lobb's buttercup, or Lobb's aquatic buttercup.	Ranunculus lobbii	species
taxon rank	Pellaea truncata is a species of fern known by the common name spiny cliffbrake.	Pellaea truncata	species
taxon rank	Kailidiscus is an extinct genus of echinoderm which existed in what is now China during the Middle Cambrian period.	Kailidiscus	genus
taxon rank	Hymenocallis littoralis or the beach spider lily is a plant species of the genus Hymenocallis, native to warmer coastal regions of Latin America and widely cultivated and naturalized in many tropical countries.	Hymenocallis littoralis	species
taxon rank	Acromantis japonica, common name Japanese boxer mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and China.	Acromantis japonica	species
taxon rank	Kondakovia longimana, also known as the giant warty squid or longarm octopus squid, is a large species of hooked squid.	Kondakovia longimana	species
taxon rank	Limax maximus (literally, ``biggest slug''), known by the common names great grey slug and leopard slug, is a species of slug in the family Limacidae, the keeled slugs.	Limax maximus	species
taxon rank	Brachydeiridae is a family of small to moderately large-sized arthrodire placoderms from the Late Devonian of Europe, restricted primarily to the Kellwasserkalk Fauna of Bad Wildungen and Adorf.	Brachydeiridae	family
taxon rank	Boophis xerophilus is a species of frog in the Mantellidae family endemic to Madagascar, known only from Kirindy Forest in central-western Madagascar and Réserve Naturelle Privée de Berenty in extreme southeastern Madagascar; it may occur more widespread including between the two known locations.	Boophis xerophilus	species
taxon rank	Chromatorida was an order of pigmented intraerythrocytic parasitic protozoa created by Jacques Euzéby in 1988.	Chromatorida	order
taxon rank	Euzophera ostricolorella, the root collar borer moth or tuliptree borer, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae.	Euzophera ostricolorella	species
taxon rank	Glochidion is a genus of flowering plants, of the family Phyllanthaceae.	Glochidion	genus
taxon rank	Necturus is a genus of aquatic salamanders endemic to the eastern United States and Canada.	Necturus	genus
taxon rank	Conolophus pallidus (the Barrington land iguana or Santa Fe land iguana) is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Conolophus pallidus	species
taxon rank	Avena brevis (Short oat) is a species of grass, and its seeds are edible.	Avena brevis	species
taxon rank	Helladia ferrugata is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in Lebanon and Syria.	Helladia ferrugata	species
taxon rank	Aphilesthes rustica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aphilesthes.	Aphilesthes rustica	species
taxon rank	Hamiltonella is a genus of Enterobacteria in the Gammaproteobacteria.	Hamiltonella	genus
taxon rank	Lithospermum officinale or Common Gromwell or European Stoneseed is a plant species of the genus Lithospermum.	Lithospermum officinale	species
taxon rank	Greigia van-hyningii is a plant species in the genus Greigia.	Greigia van-hyningii	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum diclinum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Jaynes Canyon buckwheat.	Eriogonum diclinum	species
taxon rank	Trypanosoma antiquus is an extinct species of kinetoplastid (class Kinetoplastida), a monophyletic group of unicellular parasitic flagellate protozoa.	Trypanosoma antiquus	species
taxon rank	Golofa imperialis is a species of rhinoceros beetles belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.	Golofa imperialis	species
taxon rank	Agenioideus is a genus of spider wasps from the subfamily Pompilinae, the genus occurs in Europe, where there are 21 recorded species, eastwards to Japan, in North America, South America and Australia.	Agenioideus	genus
taxon rank	Paeromopus paniculus is a species of millipede endemic to the Sierra Nevada mountains in the U.S. state of California.	Paeromopus paniculus	species
taxon rank	Deinosuchus (/ˌdaɪnəˈsjuːkəs/ DY-nə-SEW-kəs) is an extinct genus related to the alligator that lived 80 to 73 million years ago (Ma), during the late Cretaceous period.	Deinosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Aspidoglossum is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1838.	Aspidoglossum	genus
taxon rank	Conosyrphus is a genus of 2 species of Hoverfly, one (volucellinus) a unique endemic of the Caucasus region and the other characteristic of the Siberian arctic.	Conosyrphus	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon fruticiformis is a species of penstemon known by the common name Death Valley beardtongue.	Penstemon fruticiformis	species
taxon rank	The Sumatran lar gibbon (Hylobates lar vestitus), also known as the Sumatran white-handed gibbon, is a subspecies of the lar gibbon, a primate in the gibbon family, Hylobatidae.	Sumatran lar gibbon	subspecies
taxon rank	The Manchurian sika deer or Dybowski's sika deer (Cervus nippon mantchuricus or Cervus nippon dybowskii ) is a subspecies of deer, the largest of the 14 subspecies of sika deer.	Manchurian sika deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Tetramolopium remyi is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Awalua Ridge tetramolopium and Remy's tetramolopium.	Tetramolopium remyi	species
taxon rank	The Guyanan red howler (Alouatta macconnelli) is a species of howler monkey, a type of New World monkey, native to Suriname, Guyana, Trinidad, French Guiana, Venezuela and Brazil.	Guyanan red howler	species
taxon rank	Trithemis arteriosa, the red-veined dropwing, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Trithemis arteriosa	species
taxon rank	Istiblennius meleagris, the peacock rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Pacific ocean.	Istiblennius meleagris	species
taxon rank	Hackelia setosa is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name bristly stickseed.	Hackelia setosa	species
taxon rank	Commiphora angolensis, also known as sand commiphora or sand corkwood, is a shrub species in the genus Commiphora growing mainly in Angola and Namibia.	Commiphora angolensis	species
taxon rank	Rhinogobius giurinus is a species of goby native to eastern Asia where it inhabits marine, brackish and fresh waters of rivers and estuaries.	Rhinogobius giurinus	species
taxon rank	Aegle marmelos, commonly known as bael (or bili or bhel), also Bengal quince, golden apple, Japanese bitter orange, stone apple, or wood apple, is a species of tree native to India.	Aegle marmelos	species
taxon rank	The Ethiopian hare (Lepus fagani) is a species of mammal in the family Leporidae.	Ethiopian hare	species
taxon rank	The genus Carthamus, the distaff thistles, includes plants in the thistle family.	Carthamus	genus
taxon rank	Heliconius charithonia, the zebra longwing or zebra heliconian, is a species of butterfly belonging to the subfamily Heliconiinae of the Nymphalidae.	Heliconius charithonia	species
taxon rank	Pelophila borealis is a species of ground beetle in Nebriinae subfamily which was described by Gustaf von Paykull in 1790.	Pelophila borealis	species
taxon rank	Biceropsis maculata is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Biceropsis	species
taxon rank	The Veragua cross-banded tree frog, Smilisca sordida, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama.	Veragua cross-banded tree frog	species
taxon rank	Mimohoplorana puncticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimohoplorana.	Mimohoplorana puncticollis	species
taxon rank	Poa howellii is a species of grass known by the common name Howell's bluegrass.	Poa howellii	species
taxon rank	Pelargonium drummondii is a species of Pelargonium found around the southern coasts of Western Australia.	Pelargonium drummondii	species
taxon rank	The Transcaucasian sprilin (Alburnoides fasciatus) is a fish species in the Cyprinidae family.	Alburnoides fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Strychnos millepunctata is a species of shrub or small tree in the Loganiaceae family.	Strychnos millepunctata	species
taxon rank	Actinokineospora is a genus in the phylum Actinobacteria (Bacteria).	Actinokineospora	genus
taxon rank	Stylidium asymmetricum, the asymmetric triggerplant, is a flowering plant species of the genus Stylidium and is endemic to south-west Western Australia.	Stylidium asymmetricum	species
taxon rank	Menarana is an extinct genus of madtsoiid snake which existed in Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous.	Menarana	genus
taxon rank	Pione vastifica, commonly known as red boring sponge, is a species of sponge found from the Red Sea to Western Pacific.	Pione vastifica	species
taxon rank	Crossosoma californicum, known by the common name California rockflower, is one of only a few species in the flowering plant family Crossosomataceae.	Crossosoma californicum	species
taxon rank	Barbatodon is a mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous period.	Barbatodon	genus
taxon rank	Orphium is a plant genus in the Gentian family (Gentianaceae), endemic to South Africa.	Orphium	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium daleae is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil under conifers in Poland.	Penicillium daleae	species
taxon rank	Paramphistomatidae is a family of flukes which are parasitic on herbivorous mammals, and sometimes humans.	Paramphistomatidae	family
taxon rank	Boraras brigittae is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Boraras.	Boraras brigittae	species
taxon rank	The Tamaricales are an obsolete order of dicotyledons.	Tamaricales	order
taxon rank	Viola stipularis, is a species of violet that grows in southern Central America, some Caribbean islands and northern South America; from Costa Rica and Guadeloupe south to Peru.	Viola stipularis	species
taxon rank	Pyrgospira ostrearum, common name the oyster turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.	Pyrgospira ostrearum	species
taxon rank	Pseudagrilodes leonensis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pseudagrilodes.	Pseudagrilodes	genus
taxon rank	Picconia excelsa is a species of Picconia, endemic to Macaronesia, occurring on the Canary Islands (Spain) and Madeira (Portugal).	Picconia excelsa	species
taxon rank	Giant cockroaches, or blaberids (family Blaberidae) are the second-largest cockroach family.	Blaberidae	family
taxon rank	Leucosioidea is a superfamily of crabs containing the two families Leucosiidae and Iphiculidae.	Leucosioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Corumbataia veadeiros is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil, where it is found in tributaries of the Rio das Almas and the Ribeirão dos Bois, both of which are tributaries of the Rio Paranã, in the headwaters of the Rio Tocantins basin, Goiás, central Brazil.	Corumbataia veadeiros	species
taxon rank	Persicaria wallichii is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names Himalayan knotweed and cultivated knotweed.	Persicaria wallichii	species
taxon rank	Huilatherium is an extinct genus of leontiniid, a group of hoofed mammals belonging to the order Notoungulata, that comprising other South American ungulates families that evolved in parallel with some mammals of the Northern hemisphere.	Huilatherium	genus
taxon rank	Selenidioides are a genus of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexa.	Selenidioides	genus
taxon rank	Coccoderma is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Late Jurassic period, Kimmeridgian Stage.	Coccoderma	genus
taxon rank	Aesculus parviflora (bottlebrush buckeye) is a species of buckeye.	Aesculus parviflora	species
taxon rank	Guichenotia ledifolia is a small shrub species in the family Malvaceae.	Guichenotia ledifolia	species
taxon rank	Rissoa violacea, common name the violet risso, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae.	Rissoa violacea	species
taxon rank	Gideonmantellia is an extinct genus of basal ornithopod dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous (Barremian stage) of Galve, Province of Teruel, Spain.	Gideonmantellia	genus
taxon rank	Heuchera pulchella, the Sandia Mountain alumroot or Sandia Mountain coral-bells, is a plant species endemic to central New Mexico, mostly in the Manzano and Sandia Mountains, but cultivated as an ornamental elsewhere.	Heuchera pulchella	species
taxon rank	Microchilus is a neotropical genus of about 75 species belonging to the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Microchilus	genus
taxon rank	Migmacastor is an extinct member of the beaver family, Castoridae, known from a single species, Migmacastor procumbodens.	Migmacastor	species
taxon rank	Coprosma perpusilla, commonly known as Creeping Coprosma, is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae, or coffee family.	Coprosma perpusilla	species
taxon rank	Arcinella arcinella, or the Caribbean spiny jewel box clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae.	Arcinella arcinella	species
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos sinensis is an uncommon Chinese species of shrubs in the honeysuckle family.	Symphoricarpos sinensis	species
taxon rank	Rubus adenocaulisis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus adenocaulis	species
taxon rank	The genus Aulacosphinctoides has been found in Somalia, northern India, Japan, Argentina, Mexico, New Zealand, and Madagascar.	Aulacosphinctoides	genus
taxon rank	The Indus river dolphin (Platanista gangetica minor) is a subspecies of freshwater river dolphin found in the Indus river (and its Beas and Sutlej tributaries) of India and Pakistan.	Indus river dolphin	subspecies
taxon rank	Chilatherina is a genus of rainbowfishes that is endemic to freshwater in New Guinea.	Chilatherina	genus
taxon rank	Anthothoe albocincta, common name white-striped anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Sagartiidae.	Anthothoe albocincta	species
taxon rank	It is monotypic and the only species is Astroides calycularis, which is endemic to the western Mediterranean Sea.	Astroides	species
taxon rank	Echinometra lucunter, the rock boring urchin, is a species of sea urchin in the family Echinometridae.	Echinometra lucunter	species
taxon rank	Hamadasuchus is an extinct genus of sebecian crocodylomorph.	Hamadasuchus	genus
taxon rank	The Forbes's forest rail or Forbes's forest crake (Rallina forbesi) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Forbes's forest rail	species
taxon rank	Camelops is an extinct genus of camel that once roamed western North America, where it disappeared at the end of the Pleistocene about 10,000 years ago.	Camelops	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Agyrtiola niepelti, which is found in Brazil.	Agyrtiola	species
taxon rank	Mammillaria elongata (gold lace cactus, ladyfinger cactus) is a species of flowering plant in the Cactaceae family, native to central Mexico.	Mammillaria elongata	species
taxon rank	Cyathocrinites is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Early Silurian to the Late Permian in Europe and North America.	Cyathocrinites	genus
taxon rank	Schizosaccharomycetes is a class in the kingdom of fungi.	Schizosaccharomycetes	class
taxon rank	Psammoperca waigiensis, the Waigeo barramundi, is a species of marine fish in family Latidae of order Perciformes.	Psammoperca waigiensis	species
taxon rank	Squillidae is a family of mantis shrimp, the only family in the superfamily Squilloidea.	Squillidae	family
taxon rank	Bergenia stracheyi is a plant species in the genus Bergenia found in the Western Himalayas, from 2700-4700 m, Afghanistan and Tajikistan.	Bergenia stracheyi	species
taxon rank	Rapetosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived in Madagascar from 70 to 66 million years ago, at the end of the Cretaceous Period.	Rapetosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Campanulales is a valid botanic name for a plant order.	Campanulales	order
taxon rank	Saproscincus is a genus of skinks native to Australia, sometimes referred to as shade skinks.	Saproscincus	genus
taxon rank	Myxaster is a genus of deep-sea velatid sea stars containing three species.	Myxaster	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops rubrolineatus, or the Red-lined blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops rubrolineatus	species
taxon rank	Monodilepas skinneri is a species of small sea snail, a keyhole limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Monodilepas skinneri	species
taxon rank	Phacelia distans is a species of flowering plant in the borage family, Boraginaceae, known by the common names distant phacelia and distant scorpionweed.	Phacelia distans	species
taxon rank	Pseudocentruropsis flavosignata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudocentruropsis.	Pseudocentruropsis	species
taxon rank	The Napo sabrewing (Campylopterus villaviscensio) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Napo sabrewing	species
taxon rank	Colquhounia elegans (秀丽火把花, xiu li huo ba hua) is a shrub species in the genus Colquhounia found in Asia (Yunnan, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam).	Colquhounia elegans	species
taxon rank	The Tetratomidae are a small family of beetles with no vernacular common name, though recent authors have coined the name polypore fungus beetles.	Tetratomidae	family
taxon rank	Atherina lopeziana is a species of marine fish of the Atherinidae family.	Atherina lopeziana	species
taxon rank	Melanthiaceae is a family of flowering perennial herbs native to the Northern Hemisphere.	Melanthiaceae	family
taxon rank	It is monotypic, the only species being Crassadoma gigantea, the rock scallop, giant rock scallop or purple-hinge rock scallop.	Crassadoma	species
taxon rank	Paraponera dieteri is an extinct species of Miocene ant in the genus Paraponera.	Paraponera dieteri	species
taxon rank	Urocystis is a genus of smut fungi containing plant pathogens, which infect grass species and other plants.	Urocystis	genus
taxon rank	Aggregatibacter is a genus in the phylum Proteobacteria (Bacteria), which contains three species, namely:	Aggregatibacter	genus
taxon rank	Olearia suffruticosa, commonly known as Clustered Daisy-bush, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Olearia suffruticosa	species
taxon rank	Leptolalax oshanensis (Oshan metacarpal-tubercled toad or pigmy crawl frog) is a frog species in the family Megophryidae.	Leptolalax oshanensis	species
taxon rank	Saxicola (Latin: saxum, rock + incola, dwelling in), the stonechats or chats, is a genus of 15 species of small passerine birds restricted to the Old World.	Saxicola	genus
taxon rank	Trichoanoreina albomaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichoanoreina.	Trichoanoreina albomaculata	species
taxon rank	Bursa rhodostoma, common name the wine-mouth frog shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae, the frog shells.	Bursa rhodostoma	species
taxon rank	Barleeiidae (often also spelled Barleeidae) is a family of minute sea snails, micromollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Barleeiidae	family
taxon rank	Acherontisuchus is an extinct genus of dyrosaurid neosuchian from Middle to Late Paleocene deposits of Colombia.	Acherontisuchus	genus
taxon rank	The Lycidae are a family in the beetle order Coleoptera, members of which are commonly called net-winged beetles.	Lycidae	family
taxon rank	Cryptomastix devia, common name the Puget Oregonian snail, (Escargot du Puget) is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.	Cryptomastix devia	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos gabrielensis, known by the common name San Gabriel manzanita, is a species of manzanita.	Arctostaphylos gabrielensis	species
taxon rank	Hyperstrotia secta, the Black-patched Graylet Moth, is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.	Hyperstrotia secta	species
taxon rank	The Reichenow's seedeater (Crithagra reichenowi), is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Reichenow's seedeater	species
taxon rank	Boechera laevigata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name smooth rockcress.	Boechera laevigata	species
taxon rank	Macroplata (meaning ``big plate'') is an extinct genus of Early Jurassic basal plesiosaur which grew up to 4.5 metres (15 ft) in length.	Macroplata	genus
taxon rank	Mugilogobius platynotus, commonly known as the flatback mangrove goby, is a species of goby native to eastern Australia.	Mugilogobius platynotus	species
taxon rank	Hackelia nervosa is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Sierra stickseed.	Hackelia nervosa	species
taxon rank	Speothos is a genus of canid found in Central and South America.	Speothos	genus
taxon rank	The Hazar bleak (Alburnus heckeli) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Alburnus heckeli	species
taxon rank	Atractopyge is a genus of trilobite that lived in what would be Asia and Europe from the middle Ordovician to the early Devonian from 472--412.3 mya, existing for approximately 59.7 million years.	Atractopyge	genus
taxon rank	Manipontonia psamathe is a species of saltwater shrimp that was first described in 1902.	Manipontonia psamathe	species
taxon rank	Horalabiosa is a genus of cyprinid fish found only in India.	Horalabiosa	genus
taxon rank	Megalograptidae is an extinct family of eurypterids.	Megalograptidae	family
taxon rank	Triphysaria is a genus of five plants in the broomrape family which are known generally as owl's-clovers.	Triphysaria	genus
taxon rank	Ephedra altissima is a species of Ephedra that is native to the western Sahara (Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Chad, Mauritania), and also to the Canary Islands.	Ephedra altissima	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena neglecta, also known as the neglected worm lizard, is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena neglecta	species
taxon rank	Sphagnum falcatulum is a species of peat moss.	Sphagnum falcatulum	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia peltata is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to the Dominican Republic and Cuba.	Dorstenia peltata	species
taxon rank	Hookeria is a genus of mainly tropical mosses.	Hookeria	genus
taxon rank	Mycobacterium cookii is a species of the phylum actinobacteria (Gram-positive bacteria with high guanine and cytosine content, one of the dominant phyla of all bacteria), belonging to the genus mycobacterium.	Mycobacterium cookii	species
taxon rank	Antonietta luteorufa is a species of sea slug or aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae.	Antonietta luteorufa	species
taxon rank	Tropheus annectens is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika preferring a substrate consisting of large, fixed rock.	Tropheus annectens	species
taxon rank	Serapias bergonii is a species of orchid found from Italy to western and southern Turkey.	Serapias bergonii	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus virens is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that can be found in Austria, Baltic states (except for Lithuania), Bulgaria, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Moldova, Poland, Russia, Slovakia, Switzerland, Ukraine, Scandinavia, and Benelux (except for Belgium).	Orthotylus virens	species
taxon rank	Rhamnus petiolaris is a buckthorn plant species endemic to Sri Lanka.	Rhamnus petiolaris	species
taxon rank	Berthella martensi is a species of sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurobranchidae.	Berthella martensi	species
taxon rank	Calliclinus geniguttatus is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Chile and the Atlantic coast of Argentina.	Calliclinus geniguttatus	species
taxon rank	The harvest mite, Trombicula autumnalis, is a species of mite of the family Trombiculidae.	Trombicula autumnalis	species
taxon rank	Cucumerunio websteri is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Hyriidae.	Cucumerunio websteri	species
taxon rank	Polygonum parryi is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names Parry's knotweed and prickly knotweed.	Polygonum parryi	species
taxon rank	Pseudohelenoconcha spurca is an extinct species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Endodontidae.	Pseudohelenoconcha spurca	species
taxon rank	The genus contains only one species, i.e. Plectroniella armata, which is found in southern Mozambique and northeastern South Africa.	Plectroniella	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Merunympha nipha, which is found in Tanzania.	Merunympha	species
taxon rank	Ulva chaetomorphoides is a species of tropical and benthic seaweed in Ulvaceae family that can be found in Gulf of Mexico and European waters.	Ulva chaetomorphoides	species
taxon rank	Underwoodisaurus is a small genus of Australian Gekkonidae, described as thick-tailed or barking geckoes.	Underwoodisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Microcachrys tetragona (Creeping Pine or Creeping Strawberry Pine) is a species of dioecious conifer belonging to the podocarp family (Podocarpaceae).	Microcachrys	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades sclerophylla is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is native to Comoros and southeastern Madagascar.	Oeceoclades sclerophylla	species
taxon rank	Blattodea is an order of insects that contains the cockroaches and the termites.	Blattodea	order
taxon rank	Collinsia concolor is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Chinese houses.	Collinsia concolor	species
taxon rank	Philodendron cordatum (common names: philodendron angra dos reis, heart leaf philodendron) is an epiphytic and epilithic species of Philodendron endemic to southeastern Brazil.	Philodendron cordatum	species
taxon rank	Monachather, common name mulga oats, is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family.	Monachather	genus
taxon rank	Nemacladus rigidus is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name stoutstem threadplant.	Nemacladus rigidus	species
taxon rank	The Brachyceran infraorder Xylophagomorpha is a small group that consists solely of the family Xylophagidae, which presently contains subfamilies that were sometimes considered to be two small related families (Coenomyiidae and Rachiceridae).	Xylophagidae	family
taxon rank	Corynephorus is a genus of European, North African, and Middle Eastern plants in the grass family.	Corynephorus	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium variabile is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which has been isolated from permafrost deposits.Penicillium variabile produces rugulovasine A and rugulovasine B This species occurs on wheat, flour, maize, rice, barley and it is also very common in indoor environments	Penicillium variabile	species
taxon rank	Traditionally, the bird order Apodiformes contained three living families: the swifts (Apodidae), the tree swifts (Hemiprocnidae), and the hummingbirds (Trochilidae).	Apodiformes	order
taxon rank	These five species form the genus Tchagra within the bushshrike family:	Tchagra	genus
taxon rank	Alyssum spinosum, now Hormathophylla spinosa (spiny madwort) is a species of flowering subshrub in the genus Alyssum of the family Brassicaceae, native to open rocky sites in south-eastern France and southern Spain.	Alyssum spinosum	species
taxon rank	The Tineodidae or false plume moths are a family of moths with in some cases unusually modified wings:	Tineodidae	family
taxon rank	Mimosaperdopsis apiculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimosaperdopsis.	Mimosaperdopsis apiculata	species
taxon rank	Mystacidium, abbreviated as Mycdm in horticultural trade, is a genus of the Orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Mystacidium	genus
taxon rank	Pronorites is a prolecanitid genus from the middle and upper Carboniferous, upper Mississippian and Pennsylvanian.	Pronorites	genus
taxon rank	Pseudodusa is an extinct genus of prawn, containing only the species Pseudodusa frattigianii, known from the Solnhofen limestones of southern Germany.	Pseudodusa	genus
taxon rank	Carex sylvatica is a species of sedge found in deciduous woodlands across Europe.	Carex sylvatica	species
taxon rank	Stomatella auricula, common name the false ear shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Stomatella auricula	species
taxon rank	The aloe-leafed cymbidium (Cymbidium aloifolium) is a species of orchid found in Asia, especially China and southeast Asia from Burma to Sumatra.	Cymbidium aloifolium	species
taxon rank	Puntius nigronotus also called as Malabar black-backed barb is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae in Puntius genus.	Puntius nigronotus	species
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus verrucosus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae, endemic to Brunei, Indonesia (Kalimantan, Sumatra), Malaysia (peninsular Malaysia, Sabah, Sarawak).	Dipterocarpus verrucosus	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia variabilis, the leatherleaf airplant, is a species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia variabilis	species
taxon rank	One species is known, Shanweiniao cooperorum.	Shanweiniao	species
taxon rank	Murina is a genus of vesper bats.	Murina	genus
taxon rank	Glyptorhagada silveriis a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Camaenidae.	Glyptorhagada silveri	species
taxon rank	Chaerophyllum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with 35 species native to Europe, Asia, North America, and northern Africa.	Chaerophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Pimephales vigilax, also known as the bullhead minnow, is a species of freshwater demersal fish, native to the Southern United States.	Pimephales vigilax	species
taxon rank	The Barbary leopard or North African leopard from the Atlas Mountains of North Africa has initially been described as a leopard subspecies (Panthera pardus panthera) in the late 18th century.	Barbary leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Fritillaria graeca is a European plant species in the lily family native to the Balkans(Albania, Macedonia, and Greece).	Fritillaria graeca	species
taxon rank	Crommium is an extinct genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Crommium	genus
taxon rank	Masdevallia pumila is a species of orchid found from southern Colombia into central Bolivia.	Masdevallia pumila	species
taxon rank	Strophostyles helvola (sometimes spelled S. helvula) is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names amberique-bean, trailing wild bean, and trailing fuzzy-bean.	Strophostyles helvola	species
taxon rank	Keuppia is an extinct genus of octopus.	Keuppia	genus
taxon rank	The best way of distinguishing the species is the smaller hemispherical to pear shaped gumnuts of Eucalyptus sclerophylla, being 0.6 cm by 0.6 cm in size.	Eucalyptus sclerophylla	species
taxon rank	Graphephorum is a genus of North American plants in the grass family.	Graphephorum	genus
taxon rank	Hazardia brickellioides is a species of shrub in the daisy family known by the common name brickellbush goldenweed.	Hazardia brickellioides	species
taxon rank	Ortegocactus macdougallii is a species of cactus and the sole species of the genus Ortegocactus.	Ortegocactus	species
taxon rank	Niphargus tatrensis is a troglobitic species of crustacean in the family Niphargidae, living in the karst waters of Austria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia.	Niphargus tatrensis	species
taxon rank	Nyssosternus duidaensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Nyssosternus.	Nyssosternus	species
taxon rank	Petrophile linearis, commonly known as pixie mops, is a species of shrub in the plant genus Petrophile.	Petrophile linearis	species
taxon rank	Onygena equina, commonly known as the horn stalkball, is a species of fungus in the family Onygenaceae.	Onygena equina	species
taxon rank	Antlerpeton is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the Early Carboniferous of Nevada.	Antlerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Interzumia is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with a single species, Interzumia rufonigra.	Interzumia	genus
taxon rank	Boonea bisuturalis (also known as the three-toothed odostome or the two-groove odostome) is a species of minute sea snail, a pyramidellid gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Boonea bisuturalis	species
taxon rank	It is the only species in the genus Adrorhizon and one of three genera in the subtribe Adrorhizinae.	Adrorhizon	genus
taxon rank	Aenictus gracilis is a species of reddish brown army ant found in Borneo, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, and Sri Lanka.	Aenictus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Pseudotragiscus venus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudotragiscus.	Pseudotragiscus venus	species
taxon rank	Corallorhiza mertensiana was previously considered a subspecies of Corallorhiza maculata but was given species rank in 1997 by Freudenstein.	Corallorhiza mertensiana	species
taxon rank	Cystoporata is an extinct order of Paleozoic bryozoans.	Cystoporata	order
taxon rank	Gaultheria ovatifolia is a species of shrub in the heath family which is known by the common names western teaberry and Oregon spicy wintergreen.	Gaultheria ovatifolia	species
taxon rank	Brasilodontidae is an extinct family of cynodonts closely related to mammals.	Brasilodontidae	family
taxon rank	Urocoras longispinus is a funnel weaver spider species found in Central and Eastern Europe.	Urocoras longispinus	species
taxon rank	Scotinotylus sanctus is a species of sheet weaver found in Canada and the United States.	Scotinotylus sanctus	species
taxon rank	Cycadales is an order of seed plants that includes all the extant Cycads.	Cycadales	order
taxon rank	Cylindera bonina is a species of ground beetle of the subfamily Cicindelinae that is endemic to Micronesia.	Cylindera bonina	species
taxon rank	Shorea negrosensis (also called red lauan) is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea negrosensis	species
taxon rank	Athous tauricola is a species of brown-coloured click beetle from Elateridae family which can be found on Crimean peninsula and Ukraine.	Athous tauricola	species
taxon rank	The Eriopygini are a small-sized tribe of moths in the Noctuinae subfamily.	Eriopygini	tribe
taxon rank	Heterotheca monarchensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names monarch goldenaster and sequoia false goldenaster.	Heterotheca monarchensis	species
taxon rank	Ochagavia carnea, the Tresco rhodostachys, is a species in the genus Ochagavia.	Ochagavia carnea	species
taxon rank	Hyalidae is a family of amphipods, containing 12 genera in two unequal subfamilies:	Hyalidae	family
taxon rank	Brachyophidium is a monotypic genus created for the nonvenomous shield tail snake species, Brachyophidium rhodogaster, endemic to southern India.	Brachyophidium	species
taxon rank	Ophiclinops is a genus of clinids native to the coast of southern Australia.	Ophiclinops	genus
taxon rank	Craspedisia is a genus of small spiders formerly known only from Brazil and Hispaniola.	Craspedisia	genus
taxon rank	Dissorophinae is a subfamily of dissorophid temnospondyls that includes Dissorophus and Broiliellus.	Dissorophinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Kaliella hongkongensis is a species of air-breathing land snails or semi-slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.	Kaliella hongkongensis	species
taxon rank	Oecobius navus is a small cosmopolitan cribellate spider species of about 2-3mm.	Oecobius navus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Umbrinosphaeria caesariata.	Umbrinosphaeria	species
taxon rank	Tropidophis, common name wood snake or West Indian wood snake, is a genus of dwarf boas endemic to the West Indies and South America.	Tropidophis	genus
taxon rank	Terrapene ornata is a species of North American box turtle sometimes referred to as the western box turtle or ornate box turtle.	Terrapene ornata	species
taxon rank	Silphinae is a subfamily of burying beetles or carrion beetles.	Silphinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Suezichthys is a genus of wrasses native to the southeastern Atlantic Ocean through the Indian Ocean to the Pacific Ocean.	Suezichthys	genus
taxon rank	Sphenomorphus pratti is a species of skink endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Sphenomorphus pratti	species
taxon rank	Crossota millsae is a species of deep-sea jellyfish.	Crossota millsae	species
taxon rank	Scaphyglottis boliviensis is a species of orchid found from Central America to tropical South America.	Scaphyglottis boliviensis	species
taxon rank	Oecanthus fultoni, also known as the snowy tree cricket, or thermometer cricket, is a species of tree cricket from North America.	Oecanthus fultoni	species
taxon rank	Cochlicella acuta, common name the pointed snail, is a species of small but very high-spired, air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlicellidae.	Cochlicella acuta	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia dumosa, commonly known as the bamboo muhly, is a species of grass native to Arizona and California.	Muhlenbergia dumosa	species
taxon rank	Baetidae is a family of mayflies with about 900 described species distributed worldwide.	Baetidae	family
taxon rank	Musa itinerans, the Yunnan banana, is the landmark 24,200th plant species saved at Kew Gardens' Millennium Seed Bank Project.	Musa itinerans	species
taxon rank	Neotibicen dorsatus, colloquially called the bush cicada or grand western cicada is a species of large bodied annual cicada in the genus Neotibicen.	Neotibicen dorsatus	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe rectispina is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names prickly spineflower and straight-awned spineflower.	Chorizanthe rectispina	species
taxon rank	Narcissus triandrus is a species of bulbous plant native to France, Spain and Portugal.	Narcissus triandrus	species
taxon rank	The Woosnam's brush-furred rat (Lophuromys woosnami) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Woosnam's brush-furred rat	species
taxon rank	Archidium elatum is a species of moss in the family Archidiaceae.	Archidium elatum	species
taxon rank	Oraphanes binotatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Oraphanes.	Oraphanes	species
taxon rank	† Cheeneetnukiidae is an extinct family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Cheeneetnukiidae	family
taxon rank	The Semaeostomeae (literally ``flag mouths'') are an order of large jellyfish characterized by four long, frilly oral arms flanking their quadrate mouths.	Semaeostomeae	order
taxon rank	The Koepcke's screech owl (Megascops koepckeae) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Koepcke's screech owl	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops burii, commonly known as the Arabian blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops burii	species
taxon rank	Fossarina picta is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Fossarina picta	species
taxon rank	Astragalus clarianus (orth. var. A. claranus) is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names Clara Hunt's milkvetch and Napa milkvetch.	Astragalus clarianus	species
taxon rank	The Bruce's green pigeon (Treron waalia) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Bruce's green pigeon	species
taxon rank	Ternstroemia maclellandiana is a species of plant in the family Pentaphylacaceae.	Ternstroemia maclellandiana	species
taxon rank	Polinices immaculatus, common name the immaculate moonsnail, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Polinices immaculatus	species
taxon rank	Yavia cryptocarpa is a species of cactus (family Cactaceae) and the only species of the newly discovered genus Yavia.	Yavia	genus
taxon rank	Fejervarya assimilis or Rana assimilis is a species of frog described from India.	Fejervarya assimilis	species
taxon rank	Sidalcea malviflora is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family, known by the common names dwarf checkerbloom, Greek mallow and dwarf checkermallow.	Sidalcea malviflora	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis rudolfianus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Turkana.	Haplochromis rudolfianus	species
taxon rank	Hoya aldrichii , commonly known as the Christmas Island Waxvine is a species of flowering plant in the Apocynaceae or dogbane family.	Hoya aldrichii	species
taxon rank	Mentzelia reflexa is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name reflexed blazingstar.	Mentzelia reflexa	species
taxon rank	Cyprichromis is a genus of cichlids with five species.	Cyprichromis	genus
taxon rank	Jardinella colmani is a species of small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Jardinella colmani	species
taxon rank	Hakea macraeana, commonly known as the willow needlewood or Macrae's hakea, is a species of shrub native to eastern Australia.	Hakea macraeana	species
taxon rank	Yucca brevifolia is a plant species belonging to the genus Yucca.	Yucca brevifolia	species
taxon rank	Paederus baudii is a species of rove beetles belonging to the family Staphylinidae subfamily Paederinae.	Paederus baudii	species
taxon rank	Platypus australis, commonly known as the polyphagous pinhole borer, is a species of ambrosia beetle in the weevil family Curculionidae found in Australia.	Platypus australis	species
taxon rank	Wannanosaurus (meaning ``Wannan lizard'', named after the location where it was discovered) is a genus of basal pachycephalosaurian dinosaur from the Campanian-age Upper Cretaceous Xiaoyan Formation, about 80 million years ago (mya) in what is now Anhui, China.	Wannanosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Antennarius is a genus of 11 species of fish in the family Antennariidae.	Antennarius	genus
taxon rank	Cucumaria echinata is a sea cucumber species in the genus Cucumaria.	Cucumaria echinata	species
taxon rank	Platypleura haglundi is a medium-sized African cicada species, that occurs from northern South Africa to Zimbabwe, where it is found in diverse habitats.	Platypleura haglundi	species
taxon rank	It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is Foulonia peregrinus, which was originally described under the genus Ceraurinella by Dean in 1966.	Foulonia	genus
taxon rank	Sphodromantis giubana is a species of praying mantis found in Somalia.	Sphodromantis giubana	species
taxon rank	Lascelina canens is a species of snout moth in the genus Lascelina.	Lascelina canens	species
taxon rank	Myscelia orsis is a species of nymphalid butterflies native to Brazil.	Myscelia orsis	species
taxon rank	Chaerephon jobimena, commonly known as the black and red free-tailed bat, is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Chaerephon jobimena	species
taxon rank	Triphysaria pusilla is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name dwarf owl's-clover.	Triphysaria pusilla	species
taxon rank	Vriesea schultesiana is a species of the genus Vriesea.	Vriesea schultesiana	species
taxon rank	Xorides propinquus is a parasitoid wasp from ichneumonid family that parasitizes long-horned beetles of next species:	Xorides propinquus	species
taxon rank	Drepanosticta austeni is a species of damselfly in the family Platystictidae.	Drepanosticta austeni	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma scotti, common name Scott's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma scotti	species
taxon rank	Navarretia atractyloides is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name hollyleaf pincushionplant.	Navarretia atractyloides	species
taxon rank	Fromia elegans, common name Little red star, is a species of marine starfish belonging to the family Goniasteridae.	Fromia elegans	species
taxon rank	Cistanthe pygmaea, common name pygmy pussypaws, is a plant species endemic to California.	Cistanthe pygmaea	species
taxon rank	Megacephala fulgida is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Klug in 1834, and could be found everywhere in South America except for Chile, Suriname, and Guyana.	Megacephala fulgida	species
taxon rank	Manicariais a palm genus which is found in Trinidad, Central and South America.	Manicaria	genus
taxon rank	Juniperus pinchotii (Pinchot juniper or redberry juniper; syn. J. erythrocarpa Cory, J. texensis van Melle) is a species of juniper native to southwestern North America, in Mexico:	Juniperus pinchotii	species
taxon rank	Conus ammiralis, common name the admiral cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus ammiralis	species
taxon rank	Babelomurex tosanus is a species of sea snail, which is a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex or rock snails.	Babelomurex tosanus	species
taxon rank	Navanax inermis, common name the California aglaja, is a species of predatory sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aglajidae and the order Cephalaspidea, the headshield slugs and bubble snails.	Navanax inermis	species
taxon rank	Acanthotrophon carduus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae in the genus Acanthotrophon, the murex snails or rock snails.	Acanthotrophon carduus	species
taxon rank	It is the only species currently recognized in the genus Antiaris.	Antiaris	species
taxon rank	The family Micrococcaceae includes bacterial genera of Gram positive cocci that inhabit the air and skin, such as Micrococcus luteus.	Micrococcaceae	family
taxon rank	Thelodus is an extinct genus of thelodont agnathan that lived during the Silurian period.	Thelodus	genus
taxon rank	Anseranatidae, the magpie-geese, is a biological family of waterbirds.	Anseranatidae	family
taxon rank	Orobanche californica, known by the common name California broomrape, is a species of broomrape.	Orobanche californica	species
taxon rank	Carabus alajensis is a species of either black or brown coloured ground beetle from Carabidae family, that is endemic to Kyrgyzstan.	Carabus alajensis	species
taxon rank	Oedemera is a genus of beetles belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Oedemerinae.	Oedemera	genus
taxon rank	Cymindis elegans is a ground beetle species in the genus Cymindis.	Cymindis elegans	species
taxon rank	Zosne cachita is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Zosne that was discovered by Heller in 1922.	Zosne cachita	species
taxon rank	Dypsis brevicaulis is a species of dwarf palm that is found on only three sites in Madagascar, with fewer than fifty plants ever found in the wild.	Dypsis brevicaulis	species
taxon rank	Solymus pictor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Solymus.	Solymus pictor	species
taxon rank	Sea lemon is a loosely applied common name for a group of medium-sized to large shell-less colorful sea slugs or nudibranchs, specifically dorid nudibranchs in the taxonomic family Dorididae and other closely related families.	Dorididae	family
taxon rank	Paranotothenia is a genus of cod icefishes native to the Southern Ocean.	Paranotothenia	genus
taxon rank	Gastrophysa is a genus of beetles in the family Chrysomelidae.	Gastrophysa	genus
taxon rank	Dipteroides is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Devonian period.	Dipteroides	genus
taxon rank	Awaous tajasica, the sand fish or sandfish, is a species of goby native to fresh and brackish waters of Brazil in South America with reports outside of Brazil considered to be questionable.	Awaous tajasica	species
taxon rank	Bhavania is a small genus of loaches of the family Balitoridae.	Bhavania	genus
taxon rank	Lactarius alnicola, commonly known as the golden milkcap, is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius alnicola	species
taxon rank	Erigeron humilis is an arctic and alpine species of flowering plants in the daisy family known as Arctic Alpine fleabane.	Erigeron humilis	species
taxon rank	Riolama is a small genus of lizards that are endemic to the Guiana Highlands in Venezuela.	Riolama	genus
taxon rank	Dimorphinites is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil cephalopods, the ammonites which lived during the Bajocian,.	Dimorphinites	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Capricola fuscidula.	Capricola	species
taxon rank	Podocarpus spinulosus, the Dwarf Plum Pine or Spiny-leaf Podocarp, is a species of podocarp native to the warm-temperate coastal regions of New South Wales and southern Queensland.	Podocarpus spinulosus	species
taxon rank	Niebla isidiaescens is a species of fruticose lichen in the family Ramalinaceae.	Niebla isidiaescens	species
taxon rank	Grusonia grahamii is a species of cactus in the family Cactaceae.	Grusonia grahamii	species
taxon rank	The type species is Zoogenetes harpa (Say, 1824), known as the boreal top.	Zoogenetes	species
taxon rank	The Acartophthalmidae are a family of very small (1.0-2.5 mm), dark flies with pubescent arista , placed in the order Diptera.	Acartophthalmidae	family
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops koppesi, commonly known as Amaral's blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.	Leptotyphlops koppesi	species
taxon rank	Pardillana exempta is a species of Grasshopper in the genus Pardillana of the family Acrididae.	Pardillana exempta	species
taxon rank	Haematopota pluvialis, the Common Horse Fly or 'Notch-horned Cleg Fly', is a species belonging to the family Tabanidae subfamily Tabaninae.	Haematopota pluvialis	species
taxon rank	Megalocoerea recticornis is a species of plant bugs in the Miridae family, that is found throughout the U.K., the rest of Europe and North America.	Megalocoerea recticornis	species
taxon rank	The single described species Thyenillus fernandensis is endemic to Bioko.	Thyenillus	species
taxon rank	It was first named by Ge Sun, David L. Dilcher, Hongshan Wang and Zhiduan Chen in 2011 and the type species is Leefructus mirus.	Leefructus	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium brevicaudum, common name Mount Finnigan pencil orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to the Queensland, Australia.	Dendrobium brevicaudum	species
taxon rank	Colaspidea globosa is a species of beetle in the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in France, Spain, on the island of Sicily, and North Africa.	Colaspidea globosa	species
taxon rank	Senecio aphanactis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names chaparral ragwort, rayless ragwort, and California groundsel.	Senecio aphanactis	species
taxon rank	Hensmania is a genus of herbs in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, first described as a genus in 1903.	Hensmania	genus
taxon rank	Thottapalayam virus (TMPV) is single-stranded, enveloped, negative-sense RNA virus species of the genus hantavirus in the Bunyaviridae family.	Thottapalayam virus	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys arenalis, also known as the sandy colilargo or sandy pygmy rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys arenalis	species
taxon rank	The parrot subfamily Agapornithinae consists of three genera, the lovebirds (Agapornis), the hanging parrots (Loriculus) and the guaiabero (Bolbopsittacus lunulatus).	Agapornithinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Zakerana nilagirica (Nilgiris wart frog or Nilgiri frog) is a species of frog that is endemic to the Western Ghats, India.	Zakerana nilagirica	species
taxon rank	Eupholus humeridens is a species of beetle belonging to the family Curculionidae.	Eupholus humeridens	species
taxon rank	Dermocystidium is a genus of cyst forming parasitic protists of fish, which are the causative agents of dermocystidiosis.	Dermocystidium	genus
taxon rank	Laminaria hyperborea is a species of large brown alga, a kelp in the family Laminariaceae, also known by the common names of tangle and cuvie.	Laminaria hyperborea	species
taxon rank	Pseudopythina tsurumaru is a species of mollusc in the Kelliidae family.	Pseudopythina tsurumaru	species
taxon rank	Archistes is a small genus of sculpins native to the northern Pacific Ocean.	Archistes	genus
taxon rank	Urastoma cyprinae is a turbellarian that infects the gills of numerous species.	Urastoma cyprinae	species
taxon rank	Mirabilis laevis, desert wishbone-bush, is a recently redefined species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family.	Mirabilis laevis	species
taxon rank	Enneanectes carminalis, known commonly as the Carmine triplefin or the Delicate triplefin in Mexico and the United Kingdom, is a species of triplefin blenny.	Enneanectes carminalis	species
taxon rank	Conus locumtenens, common name the vice admiral cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus locumtenens	species
taxon rank	Myxine glutinosa, known as the Atlantic hagfish in North America, and often simply as the hagfish in Europe, is a species of jawless fish of the genus Myxine.	Myxine glutinosa	species
taxon rank	Encheloclarias velatus is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Indonesia.	Encheloclarias velatus	species
taxon rank	Felis chaus prateri is a subspecies of the jungle cat that inhabits western India and Sindh.	Felis chaus prateri	subspecies
taxon rank	Anacamptis is a genus from the orchid family (Orchidaceae); it is often abbreviated as Ant in horticulture.	Anacamptis	genus
taxon rank	Hainosaurus is an extinct genus of marine lizard belonging to the mosasaur family.	Hainosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Orectolobus hutchinsi, the western wobbegong, is a species of carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae.	Orectolobus hutchinsi	species
taxon rank	Polyrhachis scissa is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae, found in Sri Lanka, and southern India.	Polyrhachis scissa	species
taxon rank	Penicillium angulare is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated in north America.	Penicillium angulare	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops australis, or the Freiberg's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops australis	species
taxon rank	Hexalectris grandiflora, the largeflower crested coralroot or giant coral-root, is a species of orchid native to Mexico from Chihuahua south to Oaxaca, as well as to western and north-central Texas.	Hexalectris grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Niphoparmenoides tanganjicae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Niphoparmenoides.	Niphoparmenoides tanganjicae	species
taxon rank	The Sandpaper saucer-berry, or Snot berry, (Cordia monoica), is a species of flowering tree in the borage family, Boraginaceae, that is native to India, Sri Lanka and in African countries from Sudan, Ethiopia, Somalia, Kenya, Zimbabwe down to South Africa.	Cordia monoica	species
taxon rank	Eupterocerina conjuncta is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Eupterocerina of the family Tephritidae.	Eupterocerina conjuncta	species
taxon rank	Chortophaga is a genus of ``band-winged grasshopper'' of the family Acrididae.	Chortophaga	genus
taxon rank	Kinosternon is a genus of small aquatic turtles from the Americas known commonly as mud turtles.	Kinosternon	genus
taxon rank	Hymenoxys quinquesquamata is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names rincon rubberweed or rincon bitterweed.	Hymenoxys quinquesquamata	species
taxon rank	Siliquariidae is a family of sea snails with unusual, very loosely coiled shells.	Siliquariidae	family
taxon rank	Tylopilus nebulosus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in eastern North America.	Tylopilus nebulosus	species
taxon rank	Kalmiopsis is a small genus of flowering plants in the heath family.	Kalmiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Anoplolepis (also known as the ``common pugnacious ant'') is a genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae.	Anoplolepis	genus
taxon rank	Sturisoma barbatum is a species of armored catfish native to Argentina and Brazil where it is found in the Paraguay River basin with reports that it can also be found in the Paraná and Uruguay River basins.	Sturisoma barbatum	species
taxon rank	Poyntonophrynus grandisonae (common name: Grandison's toad or Mossamedes toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Poyntonophrynus grandisonae	species
taxon rank	Mesopsocus fuscifrons is a species of Psocoptera from Mesopsocidae family that can be found in Macedonia and Kaliningrad, Russia.	Mesopsocus fuscifrons	species
taxon rank	Itajahya galericulata is a species of fungus in the family Phallaceae.	Itajahya galericulata	species
taxon rank	Leptosuchus is an extinct genus of leptosuchomorph phytosaurid with a complex taxonomical history.	Leptosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Zhihengliuella alba is a Gram-positive, non-motile, white-pigmented, short rod actinobacterium, designated YIM 90734T, the type species of its genus.	Zhihengliuella alba	species
taxon rank	Salix atrocinerea, commonly called grey willow or large gray willow, is a species of willow.	Salix atrocinerea	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis asymetricaudalis is a species of upside-down catfish native to Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda and Tanzania where it can be found in the Rusizi and Luiche Rivers.	Chiloglanis asymetricaudalis	species
taxon rank	Kalanchoe orgyalis also known as copper spoons is a species of the succulent genus Kalanchoe, in the family Crassulaceae.	Kalanchoe orgyalis	species
taxon rank	Anaxarcha acuta is a species of praying mantis found in India.	Anaxarcha acuta	species
taxon rank	Paragalerhinus is an extinct genus of Gorgonopsia.	Paragalerhinus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudobrickellia is a genus of Brazilian plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Pseudobrickellia	genus
taxon rank	Sepia stellifera is a species of cuttlefish native to the Indian Ocean.	Sepia stellifera	species
taxon rank	Camponotus herculeanus (or Hercules Ant) is a species of ant in the genus Camponotus.	Camponotus herculeanus	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia serrata is a species of spurge known by the common names serrated spurge and sawtooth spurge.	Euphorbia serrata	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ptychographa xylographoides.	Ptychographa	species
taxon rank	Coccinia intermedia is a species of Coccinia which was first described in 2011 by Norbert Holstein.	Coccinia intermedia	species
taxon rank	Desmodium is a genus in the flowering plant family Fabaceae, sometimes called tick-trefoil, tick clover, hitch hikers or beggar lice.	Desmodium	genus
taxon rank	Pentaceros is a genus of armorheads native to the Pacific, Indian, and eastern Atlantic Oceans.	Pentaceros	genus
taxon rank	Amphineurion is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1948.	Amphineurion	genus
taxon rank	Mastigella is an amoeboid genus belonging to Amoebozoa.	Mastigella	genus
taxon rank	Serpulina hyodysenteriae, formerly known as Brachyspira hyodysenteriae and Treponema hyodysenteriae, is a species of bacteria.	Serpulina hyodysenteriae	species
taxon rank	Cyamodus (pron.: SIE-ah-MO-dus) is a genus of placodonts discovered from fossil remains in Germany in the early-to-mid-19th century and was named by Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer in 1863.	Cyamodus	genus
taxon rank	Agonum suturale is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the United States.	Agonum suturale	species
taxon rank	Thoropa megatympanum is a species of frog in the Cycloramphidae family.	Thoropa megatympanum	species
taxon rank	Calystegia pulchra is a species of morning glory known by the common name hairy bindweed.	Calystegia pulchra	species
taxon rank	The nursery web spider Pisaura mirabilis is a spider species of the family Pisauridae.	Pisaura mirabilis	species
taxon rank	The Indonesian mountain weasel (Mustela lutreolina) is a species of weasel that lives on the islands of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia at elevations over 1,000 metres (3,280 ft).	Indonesian mountain weasel	species
taxon rank	Speocarcinus is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae, containing six extant species, and one fossil species from the Late Miocene:	Speocarcinus	genus
taxon rank	Acartauchenius himalayensis is a species of sheet weaver found in Pakistan.	Acartauchenius himalayensis	species
taxon rank	Yaoshanicus is a genus of cyprinid fish found in eastern Asia with one species endemic to China and one endemic to Vietnam.	Yaoshanicus	genus
taxon rank	Chrosomus is a genus of small cyprinid fish found in freshwater habitats in the eastern half of the United States and Canada.	Chrosomus	genus
taxon rank	Glomeremus orchidophilus is a newly discovered species of raspy cricket found in the island of Réunion in the Mascarene Islands.	Glomeremus orchidophilus	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces cavourensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Italy.	Streptomyces cavourensis	species
taxon rank	Bipalium pennsylvanicum is a species of flatworm.	Bipalium pennsylvanicum	species
taxon rank	The genus comprises only one species, Kigelia africana, which occurs throughout tropical Africa from Eritrea and Chad south to northern South Africa, and west to Senegal and Namibia.	Kigelia	species
taxon rank	Acallosuchus (meaning ``ugly crocodile'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of reptile from the Triassic Chinle Formation of the southwestern United States.	Acallosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Sciota virgatella, the black-spotted leafroller moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Sciota.	Sciota virgatella	species
taxon rank	Umbraculum umbraculum, common name the ``umbrella slug'', is a species of large sea snail or limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Umbraculidae.	Umbraculum umbraculum	species
taxon rank	Sepia sokotriensis is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Indian Ocean, specifically off Sokotra Island, and probably east Africa.	Sepia sokotriensis	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia baileyi, commonly known as the reflexed airplant or Bailey's ball moss, is a species of bromeliad that is native to southern Texas in the United States and Tamaulipas in Mexico.	Tillandsia baileyi	species
taxon rank	Oenothera laciniata is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name cutleaf evening primrose.	Oenothera laciniata	species
taxon rank	Emblemariopsis bahamensis, the Blackhead blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean.	Emblemariopsis bahamensis	species
taxon rank	Siphonaria normalis, is a species of air-breathing sea snail or false limpet, a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae, the false limpets.	Siphonaria normalis	species
taxon rank	Akodon is a genus consisting of South American grass mice.	Akodon	genus
taxon rank	Pisidium personatum is a species of freshwater bivalve from the Family Sphaeriidae.	Pisidium personatum	species
taxon rank	Callicarpa cana is a species of beautyberry found in southeast Asia.	Callicarpa cana	species
taxon rank	Carcharhinus coatesi also known as the Coates's shark is a species of requiem shark found off northern Australia (from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Fraser Island in Queensland) and possibly also off the coast of New Guinea.	Carcharhinus coatesi	species
taxon rank	Falsonyctopais lamottei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsonyctopais.	Falsonyctopais lamottei	species
taxon rank	Nicotiana attenuata is a species of wild tobacco known by the common name coyote tobacco.	Nicotiana attenuata	species
taxon rank	Cominella otagoensis is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Cominella otagoensis	species
taxon rank	Titanomis is a genus of moth containing the single species Titanomis sisyrota, the Frosted Phoenix, which is only known from New Zealand.	Titanomis	genus
taxon rank	Acromantis philippina, common name Philippines Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis native to the Philippines.	Acromantis philippina	species
taxon rank	Entomoplasma is a mollicute bacteria genus.	Entomoplasma	genus
taxon rank	Adiantum pedatum (northern maidenhair fern, five-fingered fern) is a species of fern in the family Pteridaceae, native to moist forests in eastern North America.	Adiantum pedatum	species
taxon rank	Peculator porphyria is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutomitridae, the mitres.	Peculator porphyria	species
taxon rank	Rubus laciniatus, the Cutleaf Evergreen Blackberry or Evergreen Blackberry, is a species of Rubus native to northern and central Europe.	Rubus laciniatus	species
taxon rank	Carline thistle (Carlina vulgaris) is a species of the genus Carlina.	Carlina vulgaris	species
taxon rank	Malapterurus tanoensis is a species of electric catfish native to Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana where it occurs in the Ofin and Tano Rivers.	Malapterurus tanoensis	species
taxon rank	Asclepias sullivantii is a species of flowering plant in the milkweed genus, Asclepias.	Asclepias sullivantii	species
taxon rank	Glyptolithodes cristatipes, also known as the Peruvian centolla, is a species of king crab, and the only species in the genus Glyptolithodes.	Glyptolithodes	species
taxon rank	Gaylussacia tomentosa, commonly known as the hairy dangleberry or hairytwig huckleberry, is a plant species native to the coastal plains of the southeastern United States (Alabama, Georgia, Florida, the Carolinas).	Gaylussacia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	†Perdicella maniensis was a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Perdicella maniensis	species
taxon rank	Mya truncata, common name the blunt gaper or truncate softshell, is a species of edible saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Myidae.	Mya truncata	species
taxon rank	Adelia barbinervis, commonly known as Teenek, is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to southern Mexico and northern Central America.	Adelia barbinervis	species
taxon rank	Geopyxis korfii is a species of cup fungus in the family Pyronemataceae.	Geopyxis korfii	species
taxon rank	Opilioacarus is a genus of mites, containing the following species:	Opilioacarus	genus
taxon rank	Comatulidae is a family of comatulid crinoids.	Comatulidae	family
taxon rank	Rodriguez's harvest mouse (Reithrodontomys rodriguezi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Rodriguez's harvest mouse	species
taxon rank	Microloa niveopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Microloa.	Microloa niveopunctata	species
taxon rank	Ocotea pachypoda is a species of evergreen tree in the Ocotea genus belonging to the Lauraceae family.	Ocotea pachypoda	species
taxon rank	Colchicum agrippinum is a species of flowering plant in the family Colchicaceae.	Colchicum agrippinum	species
taxon rank	Heteroponera brouni is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera, endemic to the North Island of New Zealand, and the Three Kings Islands.	Heteroponera brouni	species
taxon rank	Platymantis mimula, aka the Japanese bullet frog, is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Platymantis mimula	species
taxon rank	Nebria kerzhneri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Mongolia.	Nebria kerzhneri	species
taxon rank	Aepypodius is a genus of birds in the Megapodiidae family.	Aepypodius	genus
taxon rank	Semonina is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Neotropic ecozone.	Semonina	genus
taxon rank	Lingula reevii is an inarticulated brachiopod species assigned to the family Lingulidae.	Lingula reevii	species
taxon rank	Romneya trichocalyx, the bristly Matilija poppy or hairy Matilija poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family.	Romneya trichocalyx	species
taxon rank	Avgodectes is an invalid pterosaur genus.	Avgodectes	genus
taxon rank	Malacognostis termatias is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Malacognostis.	Malacognostis termatias	species
taxon rank	Solidago lepida , the western Canada goldenrod or western goldenrod, is a North American plant species in the genus Solidago of the sunflower family.	Solidago lepida	species
taxon rank	Dromioidea is a superfamily of crabs mostly found in Madagascar.	Dromioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Arabibarbus grypus is a species of Cyprinid fish called in English and Persian or Arabic by the common names shirbot and variations shabut, shabboot or shabbout, and in local languages by several other common names.	Arabibarbus grypus	species
taxon rank	Nouelia insignis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family, and the only species in the genus Nouelia.	Nouelia	species
taxon rank	Cyclotyphlops is a monotypic genus created for the blind snake species, C. deharvengi, found in southeastern Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Cyclotyphlops	species
taxon rank	Cynoglossus acutirostris, commonly known as the Sharpnose tongue sole is a species of tonguefish.	Cynoglossus acutirostris	species
taxon rank	Luzula hitchcockii is a species of flowering plant in the rush family known by the common names smooth woodrush and Hitchcock's wood rush.	Luzula hitchcockii	species
taxon rank	Clytosemia pulchra is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Clytosemia.	Clytosemia pulchra	species
taxon rank	Micromeria pineolens (Tomillo del pinar, tomillón) is an endangered species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae native to Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands.	Micromeria pineolens	species
taxon rank	Juscelinomys is a genus of burrowing mice.	Juscelinomys	genus
taxon rank	The Mount Cameroon speirops or Cameroon speirops (Zosterops melanocephalus) is a species of bird in the disputed family Zosteropidae, which might be included in the Timaliidae.	Mount Cameroon speirops	species
taxon rank	Choaspes subcaudata is a species of butterfly belonging to the Hesperiidae family.	Choaspes subcaudata	species
taxon rank	Hochstetter's frog (Leiopelma hochstetteri) is a primitive frog native to New Zealand, one of only four extant species belonging to the taxonomic family Leiopelmatidae.	Hochstetter's frog	species
taxon rank	Cyclobatis is an extinct genus of stingray-like skate from the Upper Cretaceous of what is now Lebanon.	Cyclobatis	genus
taxon rank	Hypopleuron caninum, the whiptail cusk, is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans where it occurs at depths of from 300 to 575 metres (984 to 1,886 ft).	Hypopleuron caninum	species
taxon rank	The Ameline swiftlet (Aerodramus vanikorensis amelis), also known as the grey swiftlet, is usually considered a subspecies of the uniform swiftlet, although some taxonomists consider it a distinct species.	Ameline swiftlet	subspecies
taxon rank	Tholodus is an extinct genus of basal ichthyopterygian known from the Middle Triassic (mid-late Anisian to late Ladinian stage) of Germany, northeastern Italy and possibly China.	Tholodus	genus
taxon rank	Clathrus columnatus, commonly known as the column stinkhorn, is a saprobic species of basidiomycete fungus in the family Phallaceae.	Clathrus columnatus	species
taxon rank	Adeuomphalus ammoniformis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Adeuomphalus ammoniformis	species
taxon rank	Polistepipona is an Afrotropical genus of potter wasps.	Polistepipona	genus
taxon rank	Sparganium erectum, the simplestem bur-reed or branched bur-reed, is a perennial plant species in the genus Sparganium.	Sparganium erectum	species
taxon rank	Gleviceras is an ammonite genus (order Ammonitida) that lived during the Early Jurassic Period, found in Canada, Hungary, Mexico and the United Kingdom.	Gleviceras	genus
taxon rank	Trachelipus nodulosus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Austria, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, and in all states of former Yugoslavia (except for Republic of Macedonia and Slovenia).	Trachelipus nodulosus	species
taxon rank	Cimolesta (from Greek, literally, ``White Clay Thieves'') is an extinct order of non-placental eutherian mammals.	Cimolesta	order
taxon rank	Oxelytrum cayennense is a species of burying beetles or carrion beetles belonging to the family Silphidae.	Oxelytrum cayennense	species
taxon rank	Vietbocap thienduongensis (Vietnamese: Bọ cạp Thiên Đường, literally ``Paradise scorpion'') is a species of scorpion in the family Pseudochactidae.	Vietbocap thienduongensis	species
taxon rank	Artemisia schmidtiana, common name silvermound, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to Japan but widely cultivated as an ornamental.	Artemisia schmidtiana	species
taxon rank	Gracilibacillus is a genus of bacteria within the phylum Firmicutes.	Gracilibacillus	genus
taxon rank	Campanula scouleri is a species of bellflower known by the common names pale bellflower and Scouler's harebell.	Campanula scouleri	species
taxon rank	Gaylussacia mosieri, the hirsute huckleberry or woolly huckleberry, is a plant species native to the coastal plains of the southeastern United States (Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Florida).	Gaylussacia mosieri	species
taxon rank	Caudalejeunea grolleana is a species of liverwort in the family Lejeuneaceae.	Caudalejeunea grolleana	species
taxon rank	Dorcus nepalensis is a stag beetle species first described by Frederick William Hope in 1831.	Dorcus nepalensis	species
taxon rank	Nannophryne corynetes, the Abra Malaga toad, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is endemic to Peru and only found in the region of the type locality in the Urubamba Province.	Nannophryne corynetes	species
taxon rank	Carabus maurus maurus is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Armenia, Georgia, and Turkey.	Carabus maurus maurus	subspecies
taxon rank	Archaeodontosaurus (``ancient-toothed lizard'') is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic.	Archaeodontosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Inermomulciber schultzei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Inermomulciber.	Inermomulciber schultzei	species
taxon rank	Epilobium foliosum is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names leafy willowherb and California willowherb.	Epilobium foliosum	species
taxon rank	Itapotihyla langsdorffii (common name: ocellated treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Itapotihyla langsdorffii	species
taxon rank	Anelosimus jabaquara is a species of spider found in subtropical, humid, lowland forests in Brazil.	Anelosimus jabaquara	species
taxon rank	Squalius cephaloides is a species of cyprinid fish known only from the Armutlu Peninsula in Turkey.	Squalius cephaloides	species
taxon rank	Asylosaurus (meaning ``unharmed or sanctuary lizard'') is a genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur from the Late Triassic of England.	Asylosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Furculattus is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders), with the single species F. maxillosus.	Furculattus	species
taxon rank	Ptyctolaemus is a genus of agamid lizards from southern Asia.	Ptyctolaemus	genus
taxon rank	Amoreuxia gonzalezii is a rare species of flowering plant in the Bixaceae known by the common names Santa Rita mountain yellowshow, Santa Rita throwup weed, saiya and temaqui.	Amoreuxia gonzalezii	species
taxon rank	Amblycirrhitus is a genus of hawkfishes found on tropical reefs worldwide.	Amblycirrhitus	genus
taxon rank	Fouquieria formosa is a species of Fouquieria in the ocotillo family, native to central and southern Mexico (Chiapas, Oaxaca, Guerrero, Puebla, Morelos, Michoacán, México State, Distrito Federal, Jalisco).	Fouquieria formosa	species
taxon rank	Tersomius is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Doleserpetontidae.	Tersomius	genus
taxon rank	The Heleomyzidae are a small family of true flies in the insect order Diptera.	Heleomyzidae	family
taxon rank	Diplotaxis siettiana, known in Spanish as jaramago de Alborán, is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae.	Diplotaxis siettiana	species
taxon rank	Pomacea dolioides is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Pomacea dolioides	species
taxon rank	Pseudomasaris is a genus of pollen wasps of the family Vespidae, found in North America.	Pseudomasaris	genus
taxon rank	Sladenia shaefersi is a species of fish in the Lophiidae family.	Sladenia shaefersi	species
taxon rank	Acalypha cupricola is a species of spurge native to the copper-rich soils of Katanga Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Acalypha cupricola	species
taxon rank	Rhaphiolepis (/ˌræfiˈɒlᵻpɪs/ or /ˌræfioʊˈlɛpᵻs/;) is a genus of about fifteen species of evergreen shrubs and small trees in the family Rosaceae, native to warm temperate and subtropical eastern and southeastern Asia, from southern Japan, southern Korea and southern China south to Thailand and Vietnam.	Rhaphiolepis	genus
taxon rank	Dendrocoelidae is a family of freshwater tricladida flatworms that has an holarctic distribution.	Dendrocoelidae	family
taxon rank	Apopyllus silvestrii is a spider species in the genus Apopyllus found in Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, Argentina and Chile.	Apopyllus silvestrii	species
taxon rank	Sibara filifolia, known the common names Santa Cruz Island winged rockcress or Santa Cruz Island rockcres, is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family.	Sibara filifolia	species
taxon rank	Ambilobeia is an extinct genus of prawn which existed in Ambilobé, Madagascar during the Triassic period.	Ambilobeia	genus
taxon rank	Gymnodorididae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Polyceroidea.	Gymnodorididae	family
taxon rank	Amphilophus is a genus of cichlid fishes from Central America, ranging from southern Mexico to Panama.	Amphilophus	genus
taxon rank	Oedignathus inermis is a species of king crab found off the Pacific coasts of the United States and Canada, from California to Alaska, and disjunctly around the coasts of Japan.	Oedignathus	species
taxon rank	Climacoceras (from Greek, ``Ladder Horns'') was a genus of early Miocene artiodactyl ungulates of Africa and Europe.	Climacoceras	genus
taxon rank	Actinostrobus pyramidalis, commonly known as swamp cypress, Swan River cypress and King George's cypress pine, is a species of coniferous tree in the Cupressaceae (cypress family).	Actinostrobus pyramidalis	species
taxon rank	Hypsoblennius digueti is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Pacific ocean, around the Gulf of California.	Hypsoblennius digueti	species
taxon rank	Lepidium flavum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name yellow pepperweed.	Lepidium flavum	species
taxon rank	Anatomidae is a family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Anatomidae	family
taxon rank	Melicope reflexa (reflexed pelea, lava melicope) is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family.	Melicope reflexa	species
taxon rank	Partula microstoma was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula microstoma	species
taxon rank	Palaeonemertea is an order of primitive nemertean worm.	Palaeonemertea	order
taxon rank	Syncordulia gracilis, the yellow presba, is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.	Syncordulia gracilis	species
taxon rank	Taphrina padi, a 'tongue fungus', produces a distinctive, elongated, tongue-like growth on Bird Cherry, similar to other closely related species such as Taphrina alni on Alder (Alnus glutinosa) and Taphrina pruni on Blackthorn (Prunus spinosa).	Taphrina padi	species
taxon rank	Elysia timida is a species of sacoglossan sea slug, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk.	Elysia timida	species
taxon rank	Psilochorus pullulus is a species of spider in the Pholcidae family.	Psilochorus pullulus	species
taxon rank	The species Tombaatar sabuli is known from remains found in the Upper Cretaceous Djadokhta Formation of Ukhaa Tolgod, Mongolia.	Tombaatar	species
taxon rank	Caecilia thompsoni, commonly called Thompson's caecilian is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family.	Caecilia thompsoni	species
taxon rank	The genus Natalus of funnel-eared bats is found from Mexico to Brazil and the Caribbean islands.	Natalus	genus
taxon rank	Didymocentrotus foveatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Didymocentrotus.	Didymocentrotus foveatus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Hecatompeda pyrocephala, which is found on the Solomon Islands.	Hecatompeda	species
taxon rank	Caobangia squamata is a species of fern known only from Vietnam and from Guangxi Province in southern China.	Caobangia squamata	species
taxon rank	Hulsea brevifolia is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name shortleaf alpinegold, or shortleaf hulsea.	Hulsea brevifolia	species
taxon rank	Telmatochromis bifrenatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it can be found at depths of from 5 to 10 metres (16 to 33 ft), occasionally down to 20 metres (66 ft).	Telmatochromis bifrenatus	species
taxon rank	Triteleiopsis, common name Bajalily or blue sand lily, is a genus of one known species of flowering plant found in Sonora, Baja California and southwestern Arizona.	Triteleiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Pliocyon is genus of large amphicyonid caniformian carnivoran mammals which inhabited North America from the Early Miocene subepoch to the Middle Miocene subepoch 20.6--13.6 Ma, existing for approximately 7 million years.	Pliocyon	genus
taxon rank	Syneta adamsi is a species of beetles from the family of leaf beetles, subfamily Synetinae.	Syneta adamsi	species
taxon rank	Petrochelidon is a genus of birds known as cliff-nesting swallows.	Petrochelidon	genus
taxon rank	Discodeles bufoniformis (common name: warty webbed frog or Treasury Island webbed frog) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Discodeles bufoniformis	species
taxon rank	Lachesis muta is a venomous pit viper species found in South America (including the island of Trinidad in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago).	Lachesis muta	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis melanopterus is a species of cichlid endemic to the Tanzanian portion of Lake Victoria where it occurs in Smith Sound.	Haplochromis melanopterus	species
taxon rank	Duabanga moluccana is a species of tree native to Indonesia and surrounding areas.	Duabanga moluccana	species
taxon rank	Dallina is a genus of small to average size lampshells (maximum 35 millimetres or 1.4 inches long).	Dallina	genus
taxon rank	Castilleja rubicundula is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name cream sacs.	Castilleja rubicundula	species
taxon rank	Protanthea simplex is a species of sea anemone found in deep water off the coasts of north west Europe.	Protanthea simplex	species
taxon rank	Cattleya dowiana (literal translation: Dow's Cattleya) is a species of orchid.	Cattleya dowiana	species
taxon rank	Carabus maurus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Near East, and countries like Armenia, Georgia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Lebanon, Syria, Turkey, Turkmenistan, and on Cyprus.	Carabus maurus	species
taxon rank	Oxycera leonina, the twin-spotted major, is a European species of soldier fly.	Oxycera leonina	species
taxon rank	Hedera rhombea, or Japanese ivy or songak, is a species of ivy (genus Hedera) which is native to the coast of East Asia and some islands of east Asia.	Hedera rhombea	species
taxon rank	Hoplomyzon is a genus of banjo catfishes that are native to tropical South America.	Hoplomyzon	genus
taxon rank	Semiarundinaria fastuosa, common names Narihira bamboo, Narihira cane, and Narihiradake, is a species of flowering plant in the grass family Poaceae, native to Japan.	Semiarundinaria fastuosa	species
taxon rank	Pilophorini is a tribe of plant bug.	Pilophorini	tribe
taxon rank	Ants are eusocial insects of the family Formicidae /fɔːrˈmɪsᵻdiː/ and, along with the related wasps and bees, belong to the order Hymenoptera.	Ant	family
taxon rank	Ptereleotris hanae, the Blue hana goby, is a species of dartfish native to the western Pacific Ocean.	Ptereleotris hanae	species
taxon rank	Emarginula nordica, common name the northern emarginula, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Emarginula nordica	species
taxon rank	Diedra cockerellana, Cockerell's moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Diedra cockerellana	species
taxon rank	Kosmoceratidae is an extinct ammonite family from the Callovian (Middle Jurassic) to Early Cretaceous.	Kosmoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Agapanthia villosoviridescens, also known as the golden-bloomed grey longhorn beetle, is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, that can be found in the Caucasus, Europe, Kazakhstan, the Near East, Russia and Turkey.	Agapanthia villosoviridescens	species
taxon rank	Agrimoniinae is a subtribe of the rose family, Rosaceae.	Agrimoniinae	subtribe
taxon rank	Platymantis boulengeri (Boulenger's wrinkled ground frog or Boulenger's platymantis) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Platymantis boulengeri	species
taxon rank	Haptanthus is a monotypic genus containing the sole species Haptanthus hazlettii, a shrub or small tree known only from the locality of Matarras in the Arizona Municipality in Honduras.	Haptanthus	species
taxon rank	Tomoxia latenotata is a species of beetle in the Tomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family.	Tomoxia latenotata	species
taxon rank	Erigeron linearis is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name desert yellow fleabane or narrow leaved fleabane.	Erigeron linearis	species
taxon rank	Pachyophiidae is an extinct family of snakes which lived during the Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous.	Pachyophiidae	family
taxon rank	Breviraja spinosa is a species of ray in the Rajidae family.	Breviraja spinosa	species
taxon rank	Lupinus antoninus is a rare species of lupine known by the common name Anthony Peak lupine.	Lupinus antoninus	species
taxon rank	Iris foetidissima (Stinking iris, gladdon, Gladwin iris, roast-beef plant, stinking gladwin), is a species of iris found in open woodland, hedgebanks and sea-cliffs.	Iris foetidissima	species
taxon rank	Exotheca is a genus of African and Southeast Asian plants in the grass family.	Exotheca	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus albifrons, silver lupine, white-leaf bush lupine, or evergreen lupine, is a species of lupine (lupin).	Lupinus albifrons	species
taxon rank	Serratia entomophila is a species of bacteria that like its cogenerate species uses itaconate.	Serratia entomophila	species
taxon rank	Musa maclayi is a species of seeded banana native to Papua New Guinea and possibly the Solomon Islands.	Musa maclayi	species
taxon rank	Mylossoma aureum is a species of serrasalmid native to the Amazon and Orinoco Basins.	Mylossoma aureum	species
taxon rank	Perpolita is a subgenus (of Nesovitrea) or genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Oxychilidae.	Perpolita	genus
taxon rank	Senecio californicus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name California ragwort.	Senecio californicus	species
taxon rank	Nebria viridipennis is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Georgia and Russia.	Nebria viridipennis	species
taxon rank	Psilocarphus oregonus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Oregon woollyheads and Oregon woolly marbles.	Psilocarphus oregonus	species
taxon rank	Tagetes lemmonii, Lemmon's marigold, is a North American species wild marigolds within the daisy family (Asteraceae).	Tagetes lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Levenhookia, also known as the styleworts, is a genus of ten recognized species in the family Stylidiaceae and is endemic to Australia.	Levenhookia	genus
taxon rank	Lepidium pinnatifidum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known in English by the common name featherleaf pepperweed.	Lepidium pinnatifidum	species
taxon rank	Draba obovata is a species of plant in the Brassicaceae family.	Draba obovata	species
taxon rank	Pannychella callicera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pannychella.	Pannychella callicera	species
taxon rank	The Barrandeocerina comprise a suborder of Early Paleozoic nautiloid cephalopods, primitively coiled but later forms may be cyroconic, gyroconic, torticonic, and even breviconic, all having empty siphuncles with thin connecting rings.	Barrandeocerina	suborder
taxon rank	Diapoma is a genus of characins from tropical South America, with four described species:	Diapoma	genus
taxon rank	Holospira hamiltoni, common name Hamilton holospira, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae.	Holospira hamiltoni	species
taxon rank	Terebra cingulifera, common name the ringed auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra cingulifera	species
taxon rank	Omphalea ankaranensis is a plant species endemic to a small region in northern Madagascar.	Omphalea ankaranensis	species
taxon rank	Cystoseira baccata is a species of brown seaweed in the family Fucaceae.	Cystoseira baccata	species
taxon rank	Dinoponera australis is a species of ant notable for its lack of distinct queen caste.	Dinoponera australis	species
taxon rank	Scolypopa australis, commonly known as the passionvine hopper is a species of planthopper (Fulgoroidea) in the insect family Ricaniidae found in Australia.	Scolypopa australis	species
taxon rank	Tetraperone is a genus of flowering plants in the cosmos tribe within the daisy family.	Tetraperone	genus
taxon rank	Berosus aculeatus is a species of hydrophilid beetle native to the United States and Cuba.	Berosus aculeatus	species
taxon rank	Gymnospermium is a group of tuberous flowering plants in the barberry family described as a genus in 1839.	Gymnospermium	genus
taxon rank	Sphaerodactylus glaucus is a species of gecko known by the common name collared dwarf gecko (geco-enano collarejo in Spanish).	Sphaerodactylus glaucus	species
taxon rank	Colasposoma mutabile is a species of beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, described by Joseph Sugar Baly in 1867.	Colasposoma mutabile	species
taxon rank	Acanthoclymeniidae is a family of early, primitive, clymeniid ammonoid cephalopods that lived during the Late Devonian.	Acanthoclymeniidae	family
taxon rank	Tonicella lineata, commonly known as the lined chiton, is a species of chiton from the North Pacific.	Tonicella lineata	species
taxon rank	Ancistrochilus rothschildianus is a small species of semi-terrestrial, orchid endemic to the African tropics.	Ancistrochilus rothschildianus	species
taxon rank	Tritonia khaleesi is a species of sea slug, a dendronotid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.	Tritonia khaleesi	species
taxon rank	The Eurasian lynx is the largest lynx species, ranging in length from 80 to 130 cm (31 to 51 in) and standing about 60--75 cm (24--30 in) at the shoulder.	Eurasian lynx	species
taxon rank	Petrolisthes armatus, the green porcelain crab, is a species of small porcelain crab in the family Porcellanidae.	Petrolisthes armatus	species
taxon rank	The Hyperiidae are a family of amphipods, containing these genera:	Hyperiidae	family
taxon rank	Antennaria rosea is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name rosy pussytoes.	Antennaria rosea	species
taxon rank	Sorbus subcuneata, the Somerset whitebeam, is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Sorbus subcuneata	species
taxon rank	Zapogon evermanni, Evermann's cardinalfish, is a species of cardinalfish native to tropical reefs in the Indian and Pacific oceans and the western Atlantic Ocean.	Zapogon evermanni	species
taxon rank	Lecythis ampla is a species of woody plant in the Lecythidaceae family, which also includes the Brazil nut (Bertholletia excelsa).	Lecythis ampla	species
taxon rank	Chaenopsis stephensi is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs around Venezuela and Yucatan, Mexico, in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Chaenopsis stephensi	species
taxon rank	Agaronia acuminata, common name the pointed ancilla, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Agaronia acuminata	species
taxon rank	The Oceanospirillales are an order of Proteobacteria, with seven families.	Oceanospirillales	order
taxon rank	Botryosphaeria obtusa is a plant pathogen that causes Frogeye leaf spot, Black rot and cankers on many plant species.	Botryosphaeria obtusa	species
taxon rank	The genus contains a single species Costesia spongiosa known only from South America,	Costesia	species
taxon rank	Lysmata is a genus of shrimp in the infraorder Caridea, the caridean shrimp.	Lysmata	genus
taxon rank	Spartina spartinae is a species of grass known by the common names gulf cordgrass and sacahuista.	Spartina spartinae	species
taxon rank	Lanthanolania (meaning ``forgotten butcher'') is an extinct genus of diapsid from Middle Permian (Wordian stage, or upermost Kazanian in Eastern Europe) deposits of Arkhangel'sk Province, Russia.	Lanthanolania	genus
taxon rank	Draba incrassata is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Sweetwater Mountains draba.	Draba incrassata	species
taxon rank	Phebalium glandulosum, commonly known as glandular phebalium or desert phebalium, is a shrub species that is native to eastern Australia.	Phebalium glandulosum	species
taxon rank	Cortinarius maculobulga is a species of truffle-like fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.	Cortinarius maculobulga	species
taxon rank	Paranhammus marcipor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paranhammus.	Paranhammus marcipor	species
taxon rank	Eremiaphila zetterstedti, common name desert pebble mantis, is a species of praying mantis that ``originates from the hottest parts of Africa.	Eremiaphila zetterstedti	species
taxon rank	Geranium vulcanicola is a plant species native to central Mexico.	Geranium vulcanicola	species
taxon rank	Dasypeltis scabra, known as the common egg eater, egg-eating snake or rhombic egg eater, is a species of nonvenomous snake endemic to Africa.	Dasypeltis scabra	species
taxon rank	Liobagrus marginatoides is a species of catfish in the Amblycipitidae family (the torrent catfishes) endemic to the province of Sichuan in China.	Liobagrus marginatoides	species
taxon rank	Nephilengys papuana is a species of nephilid spider.	Nephilengys papuana	species
taxon rank	Ivesia rhypara is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name grimy mousetail, or grimy ivesia.	Ivesia rhypara	species
taxon rank	Aenictus aitkenii is a species of reddish brown army ant found in India, and Sri Lanka.	Aenictus aitkenii	species
taxon rank	Trichodes winkleri is a beetle species of checkered beetles belonging to the family Cleridae, subfamily Clerinae.	Trichodes winkleri	species
taxon rank	The Centridini are a tribe of large apid bees, many of which possess adaptations for carrying floral oils rather than (or in addition to) pollen or nectar.	Centridini	tribe
taxon rank	Salmacis bicolor is a species of sea urchin in the family Temnopleuroida found in the western Indian Ocean and the Red Sea.	Salmacis bicolor	species
taxon rank	Nereididae (formerly spelled Nereidae) are a family of polychaete worms.	Nereididae	family
taxon rank	Erythroculter hypselonotus is a species of cyprinid fish, the sole member of the genus Erythroculter.	Erythroculter	species
taxon rank	Echinosaura is a genus of lizards called the spined tegus.	Echinosaura	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Halorosellinia oceanica.	Halorosellinia	species
taxon rank	The Shansei vole (Myodes shanseius) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Shansei vole	species
taxon rank	Calyptomyrmex singalensis, is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae, which can be found in Sri Lanka.	Calyptomyrmex singalensis	species
taxon rank	Cheirophyllum is an extinct genus that existed during the Permian.	Cheirophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Mimetes chrysanthus (also called Golden Pagoda) is a species of plant in the Proteaceae family.	Mimetes chrysanthus	species
taxon rank	Vitis mustangensis, commonly known as the mustang grape, is a species of grape that is native to the southern United States.	Vitis mustangensis	species
taxon rank	Lethrinops macrochir is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers shallow waters with a sandy substrate.	Lethrinops macrochir	species
taxon rank	Delitschia is a genus of fungi in the family Delitschiaceae.	Delitschia	genus
taxon rank	Moitrelia italogallicella is a species of snout moth described by Milliere in 1882.	Moitrelia italogallicella	species
taxon rank	Dimerocrinites is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Silurian to the Early Devonian of Australia and North America.	Dimerocrinites	genus
taxon rank	Galinthias meruensis is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya, Malawi, Somalia, and Tanzania.	Galinthias meruensis	species
taxon rank	Acanthoxyla is a genus of stick insects.	Acanthoxyla	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Lipomelia subusta, which is found in India and Taiwan.	Lipomelia	species
taxon rank	The genus Bowenia includes two living and two fossil species of cycads in the family Stangeriaceae, sometimes placed in their own family Boweniaceae.	Bowenia	genus
taxon rank	Macroscelides micus (common name Etendeka round-eared sengi or Etendeka round-eared elephant shrew) is a species of elephant shrew in the family Macroscelididae.	Macroscelides micus	species
taxon rank	Pronothobranchius kiyawensis is a species of African rivuline native to western Africa where it occurs in the drainage basin of Lake Chad.	Pronothobranchius kiyawensis	species
taxon rank	Aglais is a Holarctic genus of brush-footed butterflies, containing the Tortoiseshells.	Aglais	genus
taxon rank	Herminium monorchis, the musk orchid, is a commonly occurring species of orchid.	Herminium monorchis	species
taxon rank	Eschscholzia minutiflora is a species of poppy known by the common name pygmy poppy.	Eschscholzia minutiflora	species
taxon rank	Simaethistoidea is an obscure superfamily of pyralid-like moths with two genera, whose biology and relationships among the Ditrysia is currently unknown, namely the Australian Metaprotus (2 species) and the China and North Indian Simaethistis (2 species) (Dugdale et al., 1999).	Simaethistoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Typhochlaena is a genus of rare tarantulas.	Typhochlaena	genus
taxon rank	Corylus avellana, the common hazel, is a species of hazel native to Europe and western Asia, from the British Isles south to Iberia, Greece, Turkey and Cyprus, north to central Scandinavia, and east to the central Ural Mountains, the Caucasus, and northwestern Iran.	Corylus avellana	species
taxon rank	Camponotus laevigatus or the giant carpenter ant is a species of carpenter ant native to eastern Canada, the United States, and Mexico.	Camponotus laevigatus	species
taxon rank	Tepuihyla (common names: Amazon tree frogs, Tepui tree frogs) is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family found in mountains of eastern and southeastern Venezuela and Guyana, and likely in adjacent Brazil.	Tepuihyla	genus
taxon rank	Senecio glastifolius is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names woad-leaved ragwort, holly-leaved senecio, and pink ragwort.	Senecio glastifolius	species
taxon rank	The genus Xylophilus currently comprises only the species X. ampelinus which affects grapevines.	Xylophilus	genus
taxon rank	Chiloglanis ruziziensis is a species of upside-down catfish native to Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda where it occurs in the Ruzizi River.	Chiloglanis ruziziensis	species
taxon rank	Tovaria is a genus of herbs native to Jamaica and South America.	Tovaria	genus
taxon rank	Puntius khohi is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae in Puntius genus.	Puntius khohi	species
taxon rank	Clavaria fumosa, commonly known as the smoky clavaria, is a species of coral fungus in the family Clavariaceae.	Clavaria fumosa	species
taxon rank	Hulettia is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish found in the Morrison Formation in the western United States, measuring approximately three to four inches in length.	Hulettia	genus
taxon rank	Pelicaria vermis, known as the small ostrich foot shell is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Struthiolariidae.	Pelicaria vermis	species
taxon rank	Allium delicatulum is a Eurasian species of onion native to European Russia, Western Siberia, Xinjiang, and Kazakhstan.	Allium delicatulum	species
taxon rank	Turpinia occidentalis, the muttonwood, is a tree species native to southern Mexico, Caribbean islands, Central America and northern South America.	Turpinia occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Hoita is a small genus of legumes containing three species.	Hoita	genus
taxon rank	Asteranthera is a genus of Gesneriad, native to the humid forests of Argentina and Chile, it is a species of evergreen scrambling vine.	Asteranthera	genus
taxon rank	Diplacodes lefebvrii is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the black percher.	Diplacodes lefebvrii	species
taxon rank	Allium inutile is a species of wild onion native to Honshu Island in Japan and to Anhui Province of southeastern China.	Allium inutile	species
taxon rank	Delphinium elatum is a species of Delphinium known by the common name alpine delphinium or candle larkspur.	Delphinium elatum	species
taxon rank	Agonum versutum is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that is found in most of Europe.	Agonum versutum	species
taxon rank	The African bush squirrels are a genus, Paraxerus, squirrels of the subfamily Xerinae.	African bush squirrel	genus
taxon rank	Stelis ornata is a species of orchid found from Mexico through Guatemala and El Salvador as a miniature epiphyte at elevations of 1500 to 2500 meters above sea level.	Stelis ornata	species
taxon rank	Cladanthus mixtus, commonly known as the Moroccan chamomile, is a Mediterranean species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Cladanthus mixtus	species
taxon rank	Amphianthus dohrnii, the sea fan anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Hormathiidae.	Amphianthus dohrnii	species
taxon rank	Orthogonius huananoides is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Orthogoniinae.	Orthogonius huananoides	species
taxon rank	Halogeton is a plant genus of the family Amaranthaceae.	Halogeton	genus
taxon rank	Linhevenator is a genus of short-armed troodontid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Campanian) Bayan Mandahu Formation of Bayan Mandahu, Inner Mongolia, China.	Linhevenator	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces alboflavus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which produces oxytetracycline, tetracycline and desertomycin A.	Streptomyces alboflavus	species
taxon rank	Frankenia (seaheath) is a genus in the Frankeniaceae family of flowering plants.	Frankenia	genus
taxon rank	Precis pelarga, the fashion commodore, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Precis pelarga	species
taxon rank	Balduina atropurpurea (purpledisk honeycombhead) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Balduina atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Orthops basalis is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Mirinae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Azores, Bosnia and Herzegovina Faroe Islands, Iceland and Cyprus.	Orthops basalis	species
taxon rank	Nannostomus mortenthaleri, commonly known as the coral red pencilfish, is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins.	Nannostomus mortenthaleri	species
taxon rank	Cephalomanes elegans is a fern species in the genus Cephalomanes	Cephalomanes elegans	species
taxon rank	Agyneta fusca is a species of sheet weaver found in Peru.	Agyneta fusca	species
taxon rank	Tuberothelais flavolineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tuberothelais.	Tuberothelais flavolineata	species
taxon rank	Daphnopsis hellerana is a rare species of flowering plant in the Daphnopsis genus of family Thymelaeaceae, the Daphne family.	Daphnopsis hellerana	species
taxon rank	Phasmatocottus ctenopterygius is a species of sculpin endemic to Japan where it is only known from Sendai Bay.	Phasmatocottus ctenopterygius	species
taxon rank	Erigeron sionis is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Zion fleabane.	Erigeron sionis	species
taxon rank	Prunus cocomilia is a species of plum commonly called Italian plum.	Prunus cocomilia	species
taxon rank	Lacmellea panamensis is a species of tree in the Apocynaceae family native to Costa Rica, Panama, Nicaragua, Colombia, and Ecuador.	Lacmellea panamensis	species
taxon rank	Hemiodontichthys acipenserinus is the only species of the monotypic genus Hemiodontichthys, a genus of the family Loricariidae of catfish (order Siluriformes).	Hemiodontichthys acipenserinus	species
taxon rank	Notoscyphus balticus is an extinct species of liverwort in the family Geocalycaceae.	Notoscyphus balticus	species
taxon rank	Niphargus hadzii is a species of crustacean in family Niphargidae.	Niphargus hadzii	species
taxon rank	Trichocnaeia hilarula is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichocnaeia.	Trichocnaeia hilarula	species
taxon rank	Onychomyrmex mjobergi is a species of ant in the genus Onychomyrmex.	Onychomyrmex mjobergi	species
taxon rank	Lebia turkestanica is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in southern part of Russia and Ukraine.	Lebia turkestanica	species
taxon rank	Leocereus bahiensis is a species of cactus and the only species of the genus Leocereus.	Leocereus	species
taxon rank	Aulacophora is a genus of beetles in the family Chrysomelidae; some species are agricultural pests.	Aulacophora	genus
taxon rank	Chromolaena odorata is a tropical and subtropical species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family.	Chromolaena odorata	species
taxon rank	Thelcticopis is a genus of huntsman spiders that occurs almost exclusively in the Australasian region, from India to Japan to New Guinea and Fiji.	Thelcticopis	genus
taxon rank	Altai argali (Ovis ammon ammon) is a traditional subspecies of argali, a wild sheep that roams the highlands of the Altai Mountains in Central Asia.	Altai argali	subspecies
taxon rank	Borrelia parkeri, a species of Borrelia,has been associated with relapsing fever.	Borrelia parkeri	species
taxon rank	Sideroxylon puberulum (``Manglier rouge'') is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family.	Sideroxylon puberulum	species
taxon rank	Ekemblemaria is a genus of chaenopsid blennies found in the eastern Pacific and western Atlantic oceans.	Ekemblemaria	genus
taxon rank	Ratibida columnifera, commonly known as upright prairie coneflower or Mexican hat, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family, Asteraceae, that is native to much of North America.	Ratibida columnifera	species
taxon rank	Taoniinae is a subfamily containing eleven genera of glass squids.	Taoniinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Xanthorrhoea malacophylla is a species of grasstree of the genus Xanthorrhoea.	Xanthorrhoea malacophylla	species
taxon rank	Palystes castaneus is a species of huntsman spider found in South Africa.	Palystes castaneus	species
taxon rank	Peltodoris atromaculata is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Discodorididae.	Peltodoris atromaculata	species
taxon rank	Huanghetitan (meaning ``Yellow River titan''), is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the early Cretaceous Period.	Huanghetitan	genus
taxon rank	Aspredinichthys filamentosus, the Sevenbarbed banjo, is a species of banjo catfish found in coastal brackish waters and coastal rivers in South America from Venezuela to Brazil including the island nation of Trinidad and Tobago.	Aspredinichthys filamentosus	species
taxon rank	Paralastor is a very large Australian genus of potter wasps.	Paralastor	genus
taxon rank	Pinus flexilis, the limber pine, is a species of pine tree-the family Pinaceae that occurs in the mountains of the Western United States, Mexico, and Canada.	Pinus flexilis	species
taxon rank	Cabestana tabulata, common name the shouldered triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Cabestana tabulata	species
taxon rank	Helix goderdziana is a species of large air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snail.	Helix goderdziana	species
taxon rank	Najas wrightiana, the Wright's waternymph, is a submerged aquatic plant species found in lakes and streams.	Najas wrightiana	species
taxon rank	Gonatista reticulata is a species of praying mantis from the Caribbean.	Gonatista reticulata	species
taxon rank	Boettgerilla pallens, common name the worm slug, is a European species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Boettgerillidae.	Boettgerilla pallens	species
taxon rank	Pravusuchus is an extinct genus of leptosuchomorph phytosaurid phytosaur known from the Late Triassic (Norian stage) of Arizona, USA.	Pravusuchus	genus
taxon rank	Ultrasaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur discovered by Haang Mook Kim in South Korea.	Ultrasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Amphisbaena munoai (common name: Munoa worm lizard ) is a small species of amphisbaenian in the reptilian order Squamata.	Amphisbaena munoai	species
taxon rank	The Atlantic Forest hocicudo (Oxymycterus dasytrichus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Atlantic Forest hocicudo	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron lochiae is a species of pretty looking shrub plants, one of only two recognised species of the genus found growing naturally in Australia, only in restricted mountain--top cloud forest habitats (endemic) within the tropical rainforests region of north eastern Queensland.	Rhododendron lochiae	species
taxon rank	Parodia tenuicylindrica is a species of cactus from the genus Parodia.	Parodia tenuicylindrica	species
taxon rank	The red-tailed green ratsnake (Gonyosoma oxycephalum, also known as arboreal ratsnake and red-tailed racer) is a species of snake found in Southeast Asia.	Gonyosoma oxycephalum	species
taxon rank	Metephestia simplicula is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Metephestia.	Metephestia simplicula	species
taxon rank	Centella is a genus of 2 or 3 species of flowering plants in the sub-family Mackinlayaceae.	Centella	genus
taxon rank	Mimolophia brunnea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimolophia.	Mimolophia brunnea	species
taxon rank	Eryngium maritimum, the sea holly or seaside eryngo, is a species of Eryngium in the plant family Apiaceae and native to most European coastlines.	Eryngium maritimum	species
taxon rank	Pseudananas sagenarius is a species in the genus Pseudananas.	Pseudananas sagenarius	species
taxon rank	Erigeron algidus is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name stalked fleabane.	Erigeron algidus	species
taxon rank	Erethistoides is a genus of South Asian river catfishes.	Erethistoides	genus
taxon rank	Carabus marietti bischoffi is a subspecies of ground beetle from Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.	Carabus marietti bischoffi	subspecies
taxon rank	Sowerby's beaked whale (Mesoplodon bidens), also known as the North Atlantic or North Sea beaked whale, is a species of toothed whale.	Sowerby's beaked whale	species
taxon rank	Hippobroma is a genus of flowering plants within the family Campanulaceae.	Hippobroma	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium hirayamae is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces rubrorotiorin.	Penicillium hirayamae	species
taxon rank	Apteropeda globosa is a species of flea beetle in the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Benelux, Ireland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Austria, British isles, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, northern Italy, southwestern Poland, Spain, and Western Ukraine.	Apteropeda globosa	species
taxon rank	The Golden-bow Dendrobium or Fried-egg Orchid (Dendrobium chrysotoxum) is a widely cultivated species of orchid.	Dendrobium chrysotoxum	species
taxon rank	Catalpa brevipes is a species of small tree in the Bignoniaceae family.	Catalpa brevipes	species
taxon rank	Palpada is a genus of 85 neotropical and nearctic flower flies or hoverflies	Palpada	genus
taxon rank	Coleataenia is a grass genus in the Paniceae tribe of the Poaceae.	Coleataenia	genus
taxon rank	Pelargonium laxum is a species of South African erect, branched-stem succulent plant that grows to 30 cm in height.	Pelargonium laxum	species
taxon rank	Umbilia hesitata, common name the ``umbilicate cowry'' or ``wonder cowry'' is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Umbilia hesitata	species
taxon rank	Sporomusa ovata is a species of bacteria with characteristic banana-shaped cells.	Sporomusa ovata	species
taxon rank	Eristalinus quinquelineatus is an African, European and Asian species of hoverfly.	Eristalinus quinquelineatus	species
taxon rank	Achatinella fuscobasis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod in the family Achatinellidae.	Achatinella fuscobasis	species
taxon rank	Arabis pycnocarpa, the slender rock cress, is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family.	Arabis pycnocarpa	species
taxon rank	Diadegma is a genus of Hymenoptera described by Förster in 1869.	Diadegma	genus
taxon rank	The Microlophus theresioides (common name in Spanish is Corredor de Pica) is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Chile.	Microlophus theresioides	species
taxon rank	The Lusitanian pine vole (Microtus lusitanicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Lusitanian pine vole	species
taxon rank	Kiitoksia is a genus of aquatic protozoa.	Kiitoksia	genus
taxon rank	Phalium bandatum, common name the banded bonnet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae.	Phalium bandatum	species
taxon rank	Scutigera aethiopica is a centipede species in the family Scutigeridae.	Scutigera aethiopica	species
taxon rank	The name Formica rufibarbis was first given to this ant by Lord Avebury in Britain in his 1881 work Ants, Bees and Wasps although the species had been earlier misidentified as F. cunicularia by Frederick Smith in 1851.	Formica rufibarbis	species
taxon rank	Opacuincola cervicesmadentes is a critically endangered species of fresh water snail native to New Zealand.	Opacuincola cervicesmadentes	species
taxon rank	Ptilopachus is an African genus of birds in the pheasant family.	Ptilopachus	genus
taxon rank	Larsonella pumila is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean from the coast of Africa to the western Pacific Ocean.	Larsonella pumila	species
taxon rank	Aceria anthocoptes also known as the russet mite, rust mite, thistle mite, or the Canada thistle mite is a species of mite that belongs to the family Eriophyidae.	Aceria anthocoptes	species
taxon rank	The genus Eratyrus belongs to the assassin bug subfamily Triatominae.	Eratyrus	genus
taxon rank	Heptasuchus is an extinct genus of loricatan pseudosuchian known from the Middle or Late Triassic upper Chugwater Group of Wyoming, United States.	Heptasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Munroa is a genus of New World plants in the grass family, native to North and South America.	Munroa	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Tromeropsis microtheca.	Tromeropsis	species
taxon rank	The Scaled Catasetum (Catasetum laminatum) is a species of orchid found in Mexico.	Catasetum laminatum	species
taxon rank	Astriclypeus manni is a species of sea urchin of the family Astriclypeidae.	Astriclypeus manni	species
taxon rank	Pogogyne zizyphoroides (orth. var. P. ziziphoroides) is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Sacramento mesamint and Sacramento beardstyle.	Pogogyne zizyphoroides	species
taxon rank	Conus tribblei, common name Tribble's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus tribblei	species
taxon rank	Helicarionoidea is a superfamily of air-breathing land snails and semi-slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the limacoid clade.	Helicarionoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Canthigaster tyleri, also known as Tyler's toby, is a species of marine fish in the family Tetraodontidae.	Canthigaster tyleri	species
taxon rank	Centropyge vrolikii, known commonly as the Pearlscale angelfish, or Half Black angelfish, is a species of marine fish in the family Pomacanthidae.	Centropyge vrolikii	species
taxon rank	Lissocarcinus orbicularis, common names sea cucumber crab and red-spotted white crab, is a species of crabs in the family Portunidae.	Lissocarcinus orbicularis	species
taxon rank	Holocnemus caudatus is a cellar spider species found in Spain and Sicily.	Holocnemus caudatus	species
taxon rank	Hulsea is a small genus of North American flowering plants in the sunflower family known commonly as alpinegold.	Hulsea	genus
taxon rank	Admestina wheeleri is a species of jumping spider in the genus Admestina.	Admestina wheeleri	species
taxon rank	†Mautodontha consimilis was a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.	Mautodontha consimilis	species
taxon rank	Clanculus margaritarius, common name the beautiful clanculus, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus margaritarius	species
taxon rank	Myrmothera is a genus of bird in the Grallariidae family.	Myrmothera	genus
taxon rank	Bonamia elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Bonamia.	Bonamia elegans	species
taxon rank	Chauliodes pectinicornis is a species of fishfly from North America.	Chauliodes pectinicornis	species
taxon rank	Liocarcinus zariquieyi is a species of crab that lives in the Mediterranean Sea.	Liocarcinus zariquieyi	species
taxon rank	Helianthus dissectifolius is a rare Mexican species of sunflower.	Helianthus dissectifolius	species
taxon rank	Drosera subhirtella, the sunny rainbow, is a scrambling or climbing perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera.	Drosera subhirtella	species
taxon rank	Gelasine is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae, first described in 1840.	Gelasine	genus
taxon rank	Tragopogon miscellus, the Moscow salsify, is a species native to the States of Washington and Idaho.	Tragopogon miscellus	species
taxon rank	Dorocordulia libera, the racket-tailed emerald, is a species of the dragonfly in the family Corduliidae found in North America.	Dorocordulia libera	species
taxon rank	Meromacrus is a genus of 43 neotropical and nearctic flower flies or hoverflies	Meromacrus	genus
taxon rank	Cynapes wrighti is a species of spider from the family Salticidae.	Cynapes wrighti	species
taxon rank	Leavenworthia crassa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family, Brassicaceae, known commonly as the fleshy-fruit gladecress.	Leavenworthia crassa	species
taxon rank	Omobranchus is a large genus of combtooth blennies found in the Pacific, Atlantic, and Indian oceans.	Omobranchus	genus
taxon rank	Platynematichthys notatus is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the monotypic genus Platynematichthys of the family Pimelodidae.	Platynematichthys notatus	species
taxon rank	Titoceres jaspideus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Titoceres.	Titoceres jaspideus	species
taxon rank	Vasum muricatum, common name the Caribbean vase, is a species of medium to large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.	Vasum muricatum	species
taxon rank	Alpharetrovirus is a genus of the retroviridae family.	Alpharetrovirus	genus
taxon rank	Bostrychus is a genus of sleeper gobies mostly native to eastern Asia to Australia with one species being found along the Atlantic coast of Africa.	Bostrychus	genus
taxon rank	Vanda limbata is a species of orchid native to Java, the Lesser Sunda Islands and the Philippines.	Vanda limbata	species
taxon rank	Zephyranthes rosea, commonly known as the Cuban zephyrlily, rosy rain lily, rose fairy lily, rose zephyr lily or the pink rain lily, is a species of rain lily native to Peru and Colombia.	Zephyranthes rosea	species
taxon rank	Geosaurinae is a subfamily of metriorhynchid crocodyliforms from the Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous (Bajocian - Valanginian) of Europe, North America and South America.	Geosaurinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Barbus euboicus, known as the petropsaro or the Evia barbel, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family found only in Greece.	Barbus euboicus	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron dauricum is a rhododendron species native to Eastern Siberia, Mongolia, North China, and Hokkaido, Japan, with purple flowers.	Rhododendron dauricum	species
taxon rank	Achnatherum aridum is a species of grass known by the common name Mormon needlegrass.	Achnatherum aridum	species
taxon rank	Janetogalathea californiensis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Galatheidae.	Janetogalathea	species
taxon rank	The order Trigonotarbida is an extinct group of arachnids whose fossil record extends from the late Silurian to the early Permian (c. 419 to 290 million years ago).	Trigonotarbida	order
taxon rank	Orioles are colourful Old World passerine birds in the genus Oriolus, the namesake of the corvoidean family Oriolidae.	Oriolus	genus
taxon rank	Lactobacillus paraplantarum is a rod shaped species of lactic acid bacteria first isolated from beer and human faeces.	Lactobacillus paraplantarum	species
taxon rank	Cheiridopsis is a genus that consists of 100 flowering succulent perennial plants, native to semi-arid regions in the far west of Namibia and South Africa.	Cheiridopsis	genus
taxon rank	Funtumia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1900.	Funtumia	genus
taxon rank	Turbonilla abrupta, common name the abrupt turbonilla, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Turbonilla abrupta	species
taxon rank	The Assam laughingthrush (Trochalopteron chrysopterum) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.	Assam laughingthrush	species
taxon rank	Allium kaschianum is a plant species from Central Asia (Xinjiang, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan).	Allium kaschianum	species
taxon rank	Karanisia is an extinct genus of strepsirrhine primate and is represented by two species, K. clarki and K. arenula.	Karanisia	genus
taxon rank	Platerodrilus paradoxus is a species of trilobite beetle.	Platerodrilus paradoxus	species
taxon rank	Gibbonsia metzi, the Striped kelpfish, is a species of clinid native to the Pacific coast of North America from British Columbia, Canada, to Baja California, Mexico.	Gibbonsia metzi	species
taxon rank	Sio nordenskjoldii, Nordenskjold's bigscale, is a species of ridgehead found in the southern oceans at depths of from 200 to 3,000 metres (660 to 9,840 ft).	Sio nordenskjoldii	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena fuliginosa, also known as the black-and-white worm lizard, speckled worm lizard or spotted worm lizard, is a species of amphisbaenian in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena fuliginosa	species
taxon rank	Aphidius nigripes is a species of parasitoid wasp in the subfamily Aphidiinae of the family Braconidae.	Aphidius nigripes	species
taxon rank	Lusitanisuchus is an extinct genus of mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorph.	Lusitanisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Xyliphius barbatus is a species of banjo catfish that is endemic to Argentina where it is found in the Paraguay-Paraná River system basin.	Xyliphius barbatus	species
taxon rank	Steiractinia is a genus of South American plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Steiractinia	genus
taxon rank	Beris vallata, the orange legionnaire or common orange legionnaire, is a European species of soldier fly.	Beris vallata	species
taxon rank	Ochrosia haleakalae, island yellowwoood or hōlei, is a species of plant in the Plumeria family, Apocynaceae that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.	Ochrosia haleakalae	species
taxon rank	Cyclocardia borealis, or the northern cardita, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae.	Cyclocardia borealis	species
taxon rank	Artemisia nova is a North American species of sagebrush, known by the common name black sagebrush.	Artemisia nova	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops nursii, or Nurse's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops nursii	species
taxon rank	Fusigobius signipinnis, commonly called flasher sandgoby or signal goby among various vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Fusigobius signipinnis	species
taxon rank	Oryx is a genus consisting of four large antelope species.	Oryx	genus
taxon rank	Sagittaria papillosa, the nipplebract arrowhead, is a plant species native to the south-central United States (Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Arkansas and Mississippi).	Sagittaria papillosa	species
taxon rank	Lupinoblennius nicholsi, the Highfin blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean.	Lupinoblennius nicholsi	species
taxon rank	Teyumbaita (meaning ``lizard (Teyu´) and parrot (Mbaita´)'' in the Brazilian aborigine Tupi-Guaraní language) is an extinct genus of hyperodapedontine rhynchosaur from the Upper Triassic (early Norian age) epoch of Paleorrota, Rio Grande do Sul, southern Brazil.	Teyumbaita	genus
taxon rank	Archaeotriton is an extinct genus of prehistoric salamanders.	Archaeotriton	genus
taxon rank	Meridolum gulosum is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae.	Meridolum gulosum	species
taxon rank	Pediastrum duplex is a type species of fresh water green algae in the genus pediastrum.	Pediastrum duplex	species
taxon rank	Tilesia is a genus of Cuban and South American plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Tilesia	genus
taxon rank	Pyrodictium abyssi is a species of heterotrophic marine archaeal hyperthermophile that can grow at 110 °C (230 °F).	Pyrodictium abyssi	species
taxon rank	Nebria uralensis is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found Russia and Palearctic region.	Nebria uralensis	species
taxon rank	Ergalatax crassulnata, common name : the coarse cronia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Ergalatax crassulnata	species
taxon rank	Litaneutria obscura, commonly known as the obscure ground mantis, is a species of praying mantis in North America.	Litaneutria obscura	species
taxon rank	Banksia erythrocephala var. erythrocephala is a variety of Banksia erythrocephala.	Banksia erythrocephala var. erythrocephala	variety
taxon rank	Cycas armstrongii is a species of cycad in the genus Cycas, endemic to Australia's Northern Territory.	Cycas armstrongii	species
taxon rank	Conover's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys conoveri) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Conover's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Micropristis is an extinct genus of guitarfish from the Middle Cretaceous of what is now Lebanon.	Micropristis	genus
taxon rank	Sarcococca confusa (sweet box) is a species of flowering plant in the family Buxaceae, probably native to western China.	Sarcococca confusa	species
taxon rank	Callionymus melanotopterus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters of Indonesia where it inhabits estuaries.	Callionymus melanotopterus	species
taxon rank	Hatcheria macraei is a species of pencil catfish and the only species in its genus.	Hatcheria macraei	species
taxon rank	Mycothele is a fungal genus in the family Gloeophyllaceae.	Mycothele	genus
taxon rank	The Canthyloscelidae are a small family of midges closely related to the Scatopsidae.	Canthyloscelidae	family
taxon rank	Bryobrittonia is a genus of moss in the family Encalyptaceae; it contains the single species Bryobrittonia longipes.	Bryobrittonia	species
taxon rank	Hymenaea mexicana is an extinct legume species in the family Fabaceae described from a series of isolated fossil petals, leaflets, and amber.	Hymenaea mexicana	species
taxon rank	Hypogomphia is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described in 1873.	Hypogomphia	genus
taxon rank	Pachira quinata, commonly known as Pochote, is a species of flowering tree in the mallow family, Malvaceae.	Pachira quinata	species
taxon rank	Platorchestia platensis is a species of sand flea, an amphipod crustacean that lives on beaches.	Platorchestia platensis	species
taxon rank	Lontra is a genus of otters from the American continent.	Lontra	genus
taxon rank	Falsilunatia powelli is a species of deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Falsilunatia powelli	species
taxon rank	Haworthia mucronata is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, endemic to the Little Karoo region, in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.	Haworthia mucronata	species
taxon rank	Chrysothamnus eremobius called Pintwater rabbitbrush , is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Chrysothamnus eremobius	species
taxon rank	Neottia auriculata (syn. Listera auriculata), the auricled twayblade, is a species of terrestrial orchid found in northeastern North America (Labrador, New Brunswick and Maine west to Manitoba and Minnesota.	Neottia auriculata	species
taxon rank	Pocota personata is a species of European hover fly.	Pocota personata	species
taxon rank	Discosomatidae is a family of marine cnidarians closely related to the true sea anemones (Actiniaria).	Discosomatidae	family
taxon rank	Coleonyx reticulatus is a species of small gecko native to the United States (Texas) and Mexico (Coahuila).	Coleonyx reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Houstonia rosea, the rose bluet, is a North American plant species in the coffee family.	Houstonia rosea	species
taxon rank	Belosaepiidae is a family of cephalopods known from the Eocene, and bearing close similarity to the sepiid cuttlefish, whilst retaining the remnants of a belemnite-like guard.	Belosaepiidae	family
taxon rank	Fagus mexicana, the Mexican Beech or Haya, is a species of beech endemic to northeastern and central Mexico, where it occurs from southwest Tamaulipas south to Hidalgo and Puebla.	Fagus mexicana	species
taxon rank	Arachniodes squamulosa is a species of fern in the Dryopteridaceae family.	Arachniodes squamulosa	species
taxon rank	The Cimicidae are a family of small parasitic insects that feed exclusively on the blood of warm-blooded animals.	Cimicidae	family
taxon rank	Encheloclarias prolatus is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Malaysia where it is only found in western Sarawak on the island of Borneo.	Encheloclarias prolatus	species
taxon rank	Manilkara mayarensis is a plant species in the family of Sapodillas, which grows wild only in Cuba's Oriente Province.	Manilkara mayarensis	species
taxon rank	Lycaste powellii is a species of terrestrial orchid endemic to Panama.	Lycaste powellii	species
taxon rank	Westringia glabra, commonly known as Violet Westringia, is a shrub species that is endemic to Australia.	Westringia glabra	species
taxon rank	Rhinostomus barbirostris, common name Bottlebrush Weevil or Bearded Weevil, is a species of true weevil family.	Rhinostomus barbirostris	species
taxon rank	Praepapilio is an extinct genus of swallowtail butterfly from the middle Eocene deposits of Colorado, United States, comparable to the Lutetian epoch in age.	Praepapilio	genus
taxon rank	Ptycholepiformes were an order of extinct prehistoric bony fish.	Ptycholepiformes	order
taxon rank	Maackia raphidia is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae.	Maackia raphidia	species
taxon rank	Gomphostemma is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described in 1830.	Gomphostemma	genus
taxon rank	Electotreta is an extinct genus of firefly closely resembling Ototretinae from the Eocene Epoch.	Electotreta	genus
taxon rank	Rhagonycha nigriceps is a species of soldier beetles belonging to the family Cantharidae, subfamily Cantharinae.	Rhagonycha nigriceps	species
taxon rank	Turbo cornutus, common name the horned turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo cornutus	species
taxon rank	Bathyteuthis abyssicola, also known as the deepsea squid, is a species of squid in the family Bathyteuthidae.	Bathyteuthis abyssicola	species
taxon rank	Alectryon oleifolius, commonly known as the Boonaree or inland rosewood, is a species of small tree of the soapberry family Sapindaceae, native to Australia.	Alectryon oleifolius	species
taxon rank	Charadriiformes is a diverse order of small to medium-large birds.	Charadriiformes	order
taxon rank	Chilina fulgurata is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Chilinidae.	Chilina fulgurata	species
taxon rank	Malephora is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family.	Malephora	genus
taxon rank	Corydalis (Greek korydalís ``crested lark'') is a genus of about 470 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants in the Papaveraceae family, native to the temperate Northern Hemisphere and the high mountains of tropical eastern Africa.	Corydalis	genus
taxon rank	Ecdeiocolea is a genus of grass-like plants from Western Australia.	Ecdeiocolea	genus
taxon rank	Cymbopogon commutatus, widely believed to be synonymous with Cymbopogon parkeri, is a perennial grass species, commonly known as Incense grass, Aromatic rush, Camel's hay, or Lemon grass.	Cymbopogon commutatus	species
taxon rank	Rhabdodendron is a genus comprising two or three species of tropical South American trees.	Rhabdodendron	genus
taxon rank	Rhodocollybia is a genus of Basidiomycete mushroom.	Rhodocollybia	genus
taxon rank	Machimosaurus is an extinct genus of teleosaurid crocodyliform from the Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian and Tithonian) and Early Cretaceous.	Machimosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Squalius cappadocicus, the Cappadocian chub, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Squalius cappadocicus	species
taxon rank	Cistanthe pulchella (formerly Calyptridium pulchellum) is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Mariposa pussypaws.	Cistanthe pulchella	species
taxon rank	Horkelia parryi is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Parry's horkelia.	Horkelia parryi	species
taxon rank	Coccophagus acanthosceles is a species of chalcid wasp belonging to the family Aphelinidae.	Coccophagus acanthosceles	species
taxon rank	Scuticaria strictifolia is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (São Paulo).	Scuticaria strictifolia	species
taxon rank	Bourgueticrinida is an order of crinoids that typically live deep in the ocean.	Bourgueticrinida	order
taxon rank	Rorippa sylvestris (the creeping yellowcress, keek, or yellow fieldcress; syn. Radicula sylvestris (L.) Druce ) is an invasive species of plant in the United States.	Rorippa sylvestris	species
taxon rank	Arum hygrophilum is a species of Arum that has a disjunct distribution, found in Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, Cyprus and Morocco.	Arum hygrophilum	species
taxon rank	Bolitoglossa orestes (common name: Culata mushroomtongue salamander; Spanish: salamandra meridena) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Bolitoglossa orestes	species
taxon rank	Norops rubribarbus also known as the Sagua de Tánamo anole is a species of lizard in the family Polychrotidae.	Norops rubribarbus	species
taxon rank	Mirosternus discolor is a beetle species in the family Anobiidae.	Mirosternus discolor	species
taxon rank	Crepidula depressa is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails or slipper limpets, cup-and-saucer snails, and hat snails.	Crepidula depressa	species
taxon rank	The Hoffmanniinae is an adrianitid ammonoid cephalopod subfamily established for the middle Permian genus Hoffmannia.	Hoffmanniinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Encephalartos princeps is a species of cycad that is native to Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.	Encephalartos princeps	species
taxon rank	Pristidactylus is a genus of lizards from Chile and Argentina.	Pristidactylus	genus
taxon rank	Plantago hookeriana is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names Hookers plantain, tallow weed, and California plantain.	Plantago hookeriana	species
taxon rank	Mekosuchinae was a subfamily of crocodiles from Australia and the South Pacific that have now become extinct.	Mekosuchinae	subfamily
taxon rank	The Cuban ivory-billed woodpecker or carpintero real (Campephilus principalis bairdii) is, or was, a Cuban subspecies of the ivory-billed woodpecker (Campephilus principalis).	Cuban ivory-billed woodpecker	subspecies
taxon rank	Setaria parviflora is a species of grass known by the common names marsh bristlegrass, knotroot bristle-grass, bristly foxtail and yellow bristlegrass.	Setaria parviflora	species
taxon rank	Cereatta elegans is a harvestman species in the genus Cereatta found in Cameroon.	Cereatta elegans	species
taxon rank	The Jujuy tuco-tuco (Ctenomys juris) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Jujuy tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Nemastylis, pleatleaf, is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family, first described as a genus in 1835.	Nemastylis	genus
taxon rank	Omphalomargarites sagamiensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails (not assigned to a subfamily).	Omphalomargarites sagamiensis	species
taxon rank	Wyethia helenioides is a species of flowering plants in the sunflower family commonly referred to as gray mule's ears or whitehead mule-ears.	Wyethia helenioides	species
taxon rank	Lophostoma is a genus of Central and South American bats in the family Phyllostomidae.	Lophostoma	genus
taxon rank	Mora moro, the common mora, is a deep-sea fish, the only species in the genus Mora.	Mora moro	species
taxon rank	Sedum spathulifolium is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common names broadleaf stonecrop and Colorado stonecrop.	Sedum spathulifolium	species
taxon rank	Denazinemys was a genus of baenodd turtle that lived in the Late Cretaceous of New Mexico.	Denazinemys	genus
taxon rank	Theodoxus pallasi is a species of a freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Theodoxus pallasi	species
taxon rank	Viola praemorsa is a species of violet known by the common names canary violet, Astoria violet, and yellow montane violet.	Viola praemorsa	species
taxon rank	Gymnopis syntrema is a species of caecilian in the family Dermophiidae.	Gymnopis syntrema	species
taxon rank	Phyllosiphon is a genus of parasitic green algae, specifically of the Trebouxiophyceae.	Phyllosiphon	genus
taxon rank	Pestarella tyrrhena (formerly Callianassa tyrrhena) is a species of thalassinidean crustacean (ghost shrimp or mud shrimp) which grows to a length of 70 mm (2.8 in).	Pestarella tyrrhena	species
taxon rank	Brunsvigia josephinae, commonly called Josephine's lily or candelabra lily, is a deciduous, subtropical species of Brunsvigia originating from South Africa.	Brunsvigia josephinae	species
taxon rank	Rhopalosoma is a genus of wasps in family Rhopalosomatidae.	Rhopalosoma	genus
taxon rank	Pterynotus elongatus, common name : the club murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Pterynotus elongatus	species
taxon rank	Hymenopappus scabiosaeus, the Carolina woollywhite, is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Hymenopappus scabiosaeus	species
taxon rank	Cephaloleia cyanea is a species of rolled-leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae, first found in Costa Rica, Colombia and Venezuela.	Cephaloleia cyanea	species
taxon rank	Leptacris maxima is a species of grasshopper in the Acrididae family.	Leptacris maxima	species
taxon rank	Casphalia elegans is a moth species in the genus Casphalia found in Ghana.	Casphalia elegans	species
taxon rank	Calochortus monophyllus is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family known by the common name yellow star-tulip.	Calochortus monophyllus	species
taxon rank	Cleome ornithopodioides or bird spiderflower is the type species of the genus Cleome which is part of the family Cleomaceae or Brassicaceae.	Cleome ornithopodioides	species
taxon rank	Plectolites is a coiled nautiloid cephalopod from Nevada (USA) somewhat reminiscent of the genus Plectoceras of the Barrandeocerina.	Plectolites	genus
taxon rank	Crataegus lepida is the smallest of the hawthorn species in series Lacrimatae, the ``weeping hawthorns'', of the southeastern U.S..	Crataegus lepida	species
taxon rank	Clanculus ringens, common name the ringent clanculus, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus ringens	species
taxon rank	Xerula australis is a species of gilled mushroom in the family Physalacriaceae that is found in Australia.	Xerula australis	species
taxon rank	Delphinium robustum is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Wahatoya Creek larkspur and robust larkspur.	Delphinium robustum	species
taxon rank	Pseudomyrmex pallidus is a species of ant found in the Nearctic ecozone with an extensive range throughout the southern United States to Central America.	Pseudomyrmex pallidus	species
taxon rank	Abies flinckii, commonly known as the Jalisco fir, is a species of conifer in the genus Abies.	Abies flinckii	species
taxon rank	Sarcofahrtiopsis is a genus of small flesh flies.	Sarcofahrtiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Zosterophyllum was a genus of Silurian-Devonian vascular land plant with branching axes on which kidney-shaped sporangia were arranged in lateral positions.	Zosterophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Velocisaurus (``swift lizard'') is a genus of ceratosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Cretaceous period of Argentina.	Velocisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lottia subrugosa is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae.	Lottia subrugosa	species
taxon rank	Limnonectes doriae (common name: Burmese wart frog, Doria's frog, or red stream frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family found in the Southeast Asia.	Limnonectes doriae	species
taxon rank	Euphilotes rita, the rita blue or desert buckwheat blue, is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.	Euphilotes rita	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Stanglomyces taxophilus, found in South America.	Stanglomyces	species
taxon rank	Temognatha is a genus of metallic wood-boring beetles.	Temognatha	genus
taxon rank	Thunbergia gregorii, commonly known as orange clockvine or orange trumpet vine, is a herbaceous perennial climbing plant species in the family Acanthaceae, native to East Africa and sometimes cultivated as an ornamental vine.	Thunbergia gregorii	species
taxon rank	Erythronium mesochoreum (prairie fawn lily or midland fawnlily) is a plant species in the lily family, native to the US states of Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas and Arkansas.	Erythronium mesochoreum	species
taxon rank	Prolabeo batesi is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Sierra Leone.	Prolabeo batesi	species
taxon rank	Zakerana teraiensis (Terai cricket frog or Terai wart(y) frog) is a species of frog that is found in southern Nepal, adjacent Sikkim and northeastern India, and southeastern and central Bangladesh.	Zakerana teraiensis	species
taxon rank	Semioscopis megamicrella is a species of moth of the Oecophoridae family.	Semioscopis megamicrella	species
taxon rank	Coleonyx brevis, commonly known as the Texas Banded Gecko, is a species of small gecko native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.	Coleonyx brevis	species
taxon rank	Bivibranchia is a genus of halftooths from tropical South America, with five recognized species:	Bivibranchia	genus
taxon rank	The Polycnemoideae comprise only one tribe, Tribus Polycnemeae, with four genera and 13 species:	Polycnemoideae	tribe
taxon rank	Odontobutis potamophila is a species of freshwater sleeper native to China and Vietnam.	Odontobutis potamophila	species
taxon rank	Saxifragaceae is a plant family with about 775 known species in 48 genera.	Saxifragaceae	family
taxon rank	Eremothamnus marlothianus is a species of shrub in the family Asteraceae, the only species in the genus Eremothamnus.	Eremothamnus	species
taxon rank	Haywardiamyia brevicornis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Haywardiamyia of the family Tachinidae.	Haywardiamyia brevicornis	species
taxon rank	Chrysidini is a very large tribe of cuckoo wasps (the family Chrysididae); this tribe contains more than half of all chrysidid species.	Chrysidini	tribe
taxon rank	Pinus occidentalis, or Hispaniolan pine, is a pine endemic to the island of Hispaniola, where it is the predominant species in the Hispaniolan pine forests of Haiti and the Dominican Republic.	Pinus occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Gyromitra (/ˌdʒaɪəroʊˈmaɪtrə, ˌdʒɪrə-/) is a genus of ascomycete mushrooms found in the northern hemisphere.	Gyromitra	genus
taxon rank	Polydesmidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polydesmida.	Polydesmidae	family
taxon rank	Amsinckia spectabilis is a species of fiddleneck known by the common names seaside fiddleneck and woolly breeches.	Amsinckia spectabilis	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Hestia longifolia, native to Perak in Peninsular Malaysia and to Brunei and Sarawak on the island of Borneo.	Hestia longifolia	species
taxon rank	Lupinus magnificus, commonly known as Panamint Mountain lupine, is a species of flowering plant from the order of Lamiales which is endemic to California where it can be found in the Death Valley.	Lupinus magnificus	species
taxon rank	Lithophaga aristata, or the scissor date mussel, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Lithophaga aristata	species
taxon rank	Galearctus avulsus is a species of slipper lobster that lives around New Caledonia.	Galearctus avulsus	species
taxon rank	Wakaleo oldfieldi is an extinct species of marsupial lion found in the Cenozoic deposits of South Australia.	Wakaleo oldfieldi	species
taxon rank	Eremias andersoni (commonly known as Anderson's racerunner) is a species of lizard found in Iran's Kavir National Park.	Eremias andersoni	species
taxon rank	Titanoeca is a genus of spiders that occurs mainly in Eurasia, with three species found only in North America (T. americana, T. brunnea, T. nigrella).	Titanoeca	genus
taxon rank	†Carelia kalalauensis was a species of small, air-breathing, land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Amastridae, and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia kalalauensis	species
taxon rank	Oedopa ascriptiva is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Oedopa of the family Ulidiidae.	Oedopa ascriptiva	species
taxon rank	Rickettsia africae is a species of Rickettsia.	Rickettsia africae	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis barbarae is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it may now be extinct.	Haplochromis barbarae	species
taxon rank	Cudonia confusa, commonly known as the cinnamon jellybaby, is a species of fungus in the Cudoniaceae family.	Cudonia confusa	species
taxon rank	The Cisticolidae family of small passerine birds is a group of about 110 warblers found mainly in warmer southern regions of the Old World.	Cisticolidae	family
taxon rank	Huperzia phlegmaria (commonly known as either coarse tassel fern, or common tassel fern) is an epiphytic species of tassel fern native to rainforests in Madagascar, some islands in the Indian Ocean, Asia, Australasia and many Pacific Islands.	Huperzia phlegmaria	species
taxon rank	Avicennia officinalis is a species of mangrove.	Avicennia officinalis	species
taxon rank	Ellatrivia merces is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triviidae, the trivias.	Ellatrivia merces	species
taxon rank	Cyanogaster noctivaga is a species of characin native to the Rio Negro, Brazil.	Cyanogaster noctivaga	species
taxon rank	Pinctada mazatlanica is a species of tropical marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pteriidae, the pearl oysters.	Pinctada mazatlanica	species
taxon rank	Acmella uliginosa (marsh para cress) is a species of flowering herb in the sunflower family.	Acmella uliginosa	species
taxon rank	Raja texana, the roundel skate or Texas clearnose skate, is a species of cartilaginous fish in the family Rajidae.	Raja texana	species
taxon rank	Taxandria marginata is a species of tree that grows in the south west corner of Western Australia.	Taxandria marginata	species
taxon rank	Imelcana camelina is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family which is endemic to Venezuela.	Imelcana camelina	species
taxon rank	Hypericum mutilum is a species of St. John's wort known by the common name dwarf St. John's wort.	Hypericum mutilum	species
taxon rank	Cryptobatrachus fuhrmanni (common name: Fuhrmann's backpack frog) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Cryptobatrachus fuhrmanni	species
taxon rank	Cantharidus caelatus is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top shells.	Cantharidus caelatus	species
taxon rank	Dolichancistrus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America.	Dolichancistrus	genus
taxon rank	Pareas hamptoni, also known as Hampton's slug snake, is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.	Pareas hamptoni	species
taxon rank	Phalcoboenus is a small genus of birds of prey in the family Falconidae.	Phalcoboenus	genus
taxon rank	Trifolium trichocalyx is a species of clover known by the common name Monterey clover.	Trifolium trichocalyx	species
taxon rank	Descurainia californica is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Sierra tansymustard.	Descurainia californica	species
taxon rank	Galipea ossana was a species of plant in the Rutaceae family.	Galipea ossana	species
taxon rank	Duboscia is a small plant genus, with two species, in the Malvaceae.	Duboscia	genus
taxon rank	The species name is preoccupied by Mimudea distictalis, also described by Hampson, but in 1913.	Mimudea distictalis	species
taxon rank	Agrilus coxalis is a species of jewel beetle known by the common name goldspotted oak borer.	Agrilus coxalis	species
taxon rank	Zabalius is a genus of true katydids.	Zabalius	genus
taxon rank	Scirpus longii is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name Long's bulrush.	Scirpus longii	species
taxon rank	Polystachya maculata is a species of orchid endemic to Burundi, on the island of Borneo, southeast Asia.	Polystachya maculata	species
taxon rank	Phyllodoce caerulea, known as blue heath in British English and purple mountain heather or blue mountainheath in American English, is an evergreen species of dwarf shrub that grows up to around 15 cm (6 in) tall, and bears clusters of 2--6 purple flowers.	Phyllodoce caerulea	species
taxon rank	Holonematidae is an extinct family of relatively large arthrodire placoderms from the Early to Late Devonian.	Holonematidae	family
taxon rank	Synodontis ruandae is a species of upside-down catfish native to Rwanda and Tanzania where it is found in the Kagera River system.	Synodontis ruandae	species
taxon rank	Juniperus communis, the common juniper, is a species in the genus Juniperus, in the family Cupressaceae.	Juniperus communis	species
taxon rank	Kogia is a genus of toothed whales within the superfamily Physeteroidea comprising two extant and one extinct species:	Kogia	genus
taxon rank	Conasprella viminea, common name the wickerwork cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella viminea	species
taxon rank	Channa gachua, the dwarf snakehead, is a species of snakehead.	Channa gachua	species
taxon rank	Phialophora verrucosa is a species of fungus in the genus Phialophora.	Phialophora verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Procryptocerus is a Neotropical genus of gliding ants, with the ability to ``parachute'' by steering their fall if they drop off of the tree they're on.	Procryptocerus	genus
taxon rank	Orthodera rubrocoxata is a species of praying mantis found in Australia.	Orthodera rubrocoxata	species
taxon rank	Solidago spithamaea is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Blue Ridge goldenrod.	Solidago spithamaea	species
taxon rank	Clibanarius digueti is a species of hermit crab that lives off the western coast of Mexico, and is abundant in the Gulf of California.	Clibanarius digueti	species
taxon rank	The Bembicinae comprise a large subfamily of crabronid wasps that includes over 80 genera and over 1800 species.	Bembicinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Scleraxonia is a suborder of corals, a member of the phylum Cnidaria	Scleraxonia	suborder
taxon rank	Delphinium hybridum is a plant species in the genus Delphinium.	Delphinium hybridum	species
taxon rank	Loris is the common name for the strepsirrhine primates of the subfamily Lorinae (sometimes spelled Lorisinae) in the family Lorisidae.	Loris	subfamily
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Thalespora appendiculata.	Thalespora	species
taxon rank	Houlletia tigrina is a species of orchid that occurs from Guatemala to western Ecuador.	Houlletia tigrina	species
taxon rank	For many years up to 2005, Neogastropoda was considered an order.	Neogastropoda	order
taxon rank	Eucrypta chrysanthemifolia is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common name spotted hideseed.	Eucrypta chrysanthemifolia	species
taxon rank	Strongylopus merumontanus is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family endemic to Tanzania.	Strongylopus merumontanus	species
taxon rank	Lepidocephalichthys jonklaasi, known as the Jonklaas's loach or the spotted loach, is an endemic fish species restricted to the wet zone of Sri Lanka.	Lepidocephalichthys jonklaasi	species
taxon rank	Physalis crassifolia is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names yellow nightshade groundcherry and thick-leaf ground-cherry.	Physalis crassifolia	species
taxon rank	Rangeroceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus that lived in what is now western North America during the latter part of the Early Ordovician.	Rangeroceras	genus
taxon rank	Percina burtoni, the blotchside logperch or blotchside darter, is a species of fish in the Percidae family.	Percina burtoni	species
taxon rank	Habenaria repens, commonly called the water-spider bog orchid or the floating orchid, is an orchid species widespread across Latin America from Mexico and the West Indies south to Argentina, as well as in the Southeastern United States from Texas and Oklahoma east to Florida and the Carolinas plus an isolated population in Virginia.	Habenaria repens	species
taxon rank	Camponotus sericeus is a species of carpenter ant (genus Camponotus) widely distributed in the Afrotropical and oriental regions.	Camponotus sericeus	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces stelliscabiei or is a streptomycete bacterium species that is associated with common scab in potatoes.	Streptomyces stelliscabiei	species
taxon rank	Coroicoia ligata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Coroicoia.	Coroicoia ligata	species
taxon rank	Abralia siedleckyi is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod known from its type locality in the waters off South Africa.	Abralia siedleckyi	species
taxon rank	Hesperaloe funifera (New Mexico false yucca) is a plant species native to Texas (Val Verde County) and northern Mexico (Coahuila, Sonora, San Luis Potosí, Nuevo León), but sometimes cultivated as an ornamental elsewhere.	Hesperaloe funifera	species
taxon rank	Pterostylis pyramidalis, commonly known as the Tall snail orchid or Leafy snail orchid is a species of orchid which is endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Pterostylis pyramidalis	species
taxon rank	Odontanthera is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1883.	Odontanthera	species
taxon rank	Dekeyseria niveata is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Orinoco River basin.	Dekeyseria niveata	species
taxon rank	Protosiren (taxonomic family Protosirenidae) is an extinct early genus of the order Sirenia.	Protosiren	genus
taxon rank	The Gomphidae are a family in the Odonata commonly referred to as clubtail dragonflies; the family contains about 90 genera and 900 species.	Gomphidae	family
taxon rank	Echeandia (common name craglily) is a genus of New World plants in the century plant subfamily within the asparagus family.	Echeandia	genus
taxon rank	The Blue Ridge two-lined salamander (Eurycea wilderae) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the United States.	Blue Ridge two-lined salamander	species
taxon rank	The Campylobacterales are an order of Proteobacteria which make up the epsilon subdivision, together with the small family Nautiliaceae.	Campylobacterales	order
taxon rank	Schistocerca nitens is a species of grasshopper known by several common names, including vagrant grasshopper and gray bird grasshopper.	Schistocerca nitens	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Bryodina rhypariza.	Bryodina	species
taxon rank	Recilia dorsalis is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that can be found in India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, Borneo island, Taiwan, and Henan, province of China.	Recilia dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Xanthoeme signaticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Xanthoeme.	Xanthoeme	species
taxon rank	Hyperolius argus is a common species living near water in low elevation dense, humid savanna and grassland.	Hyperolius argus	species
taxon rank	Umoonasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur belonging to the family Leptocleididae.	Umoonasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Phlomis fruticosa (Jerusalem sage) is a species of flowering plant of the Lamiaceae family, native to Albania, Cyprus, Greece, Italy, Turkey, and regions of the former Yugoslavia.	Phlomis fruticosa	species
taxon rank	Ornithopus perpusillus or little white bird's-foot, is a plant species of the genus Ornithopus.	Ornithopus perpusillus	species
taxon rank	Cyllecoris ernsti is a species of bug in Miridae family that is endemic to Crete.	Cyllecoris ernsti	species
taxon rank	Osteodontornis is an extinct seabird genus.	Osteodontornis	genus
taxon rank	Urechis unicinctus (simplified Chinese: 海肠; traditional Chinese: 海腸; pinyin: hǎicháng; Japanese: 螠虫 or ユムシ yumushi; Hangul: 개불; RR: gaebul) is a species of marine spoon worm.	Urechis unicinctus	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum wardii is a species of orchid found from southwestern Yunnan to Myanmar.	Paphiopedilum wardii	species
taxon rank	Holocentrus is a genus of squirrelfishes found in the Atlantic Ocean.	Holocentrus	genus
taxon rank	Heliomeris multiflora is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family called the Showy goldeneye.	Heliomeris multiflora	species
taxon rank	Phenacovolva rosea, also known as the Rosy spindle cowry, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.	Phenacovolva rosea	species
taxon rank	Boechera oxylobula, common name Glenwood Springs Rockcress, is a plant species referred to as Arabis demissa in many older publications.	Boechera oxylobula	species
taxon rank	Telmatochromis temporalis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they areas with rocky substrates usually at depths of from 5 to 10 metres (16 to 33 ft) though occasionally down to 20 metres (66 ft).	Telmatochromis temporalis	species
taxon rank	Anisus spirorbis is a species of small freshwater air-breathing snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Anisus spirorbis	species
taxon rank	Banksia acanthopoda is a species of shrub in the Proteaceae family.	Banksia acanthopoda	species
taxon rank	Origanum rotundifolium (round-leaved oregano) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, native to Turkey, Armenia and Georgia.	Origanum rotundifolium	species
taxon rank	Abelmoschus angulosus is a plant species in the family Malvaceae, found in the Indian Subcontinent, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam and Indonesia.	Abelmoschus angulosus	species
taxon rank	Uracentron flaviceps, the tropical thornytail iguana or Amazon thornytail iguana is an elusive species of medium sized arboreal lizard found in the tropical lowlands of the Amazon Rainforest.	Uracentron flaviceps	species
taxon rank	Calliandra humilis (common name dwarf stickpea) is a species of flowering plants of the genus Calliandra in the Fabaceae family.	Calliandra humilis	species
taxon rank	Renealmia alpinia is a flowering plant species native to the Americas, where it grows from Southern Mexico through much of South America, though not in the Southern Cone.	Renealmia alpinia	species
taxon rank	Alanqa is known only from five fragments of the front upper and lower jaws, and possibly a neck vertebra, representing the single type species Alanqa saharica.	Alanqa	species
taxon rank	Forficula scudderi is a species of earwig in the family Forficulidae.	Forficula scudderi	species
taxon rank	Rhynchotherium is an extinct genus of proboscidea endemic to North America and Central America during the Miocene through Pliocene from 13.650--3.6 Ma, living for approximately 10 million years.	Rhynchotherium	genus
taxon rank	Daceton armigerum is a Neotropical species of arboreal ants, distributed throughout northern South America.	Daceton armigerum	species
taxon rank	The Timor green pigeon (Treron psittaceus) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Timor green pigeon	species
taxon rank	Samaropsis is a form genus named by Goeppert in 1864.	Samaropsis	genus
taxon rank	Turritriton tenuiliratus, common name: the thin-lined triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Turritriton tenuiliratus	species
taxon rank	Mimon is a bat genus from South America.	Mimon	genus
taxon rank	Chrozophoreae is a tribe of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Chrozophoreae	tribe
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus counouspeus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Hotte, Haiti.	Eleutherodactylus counouspeus	species
taxon rank	Stenella canavaliae or Stenella canavaliae-roseae, formerly known as Cercospora canavaliae is a species of anamorphic fungi.	Stenella canavaliae	species
taxon rank	Veronaea is a genus of ascomycete fungi, which manifest as brownish colonies.	Veronaea	genus
taxon rank	Stenodyneriellus is an Australasian and Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.	Stenodyneriellus	genus
taxon rank	Oeceoclades perrieri is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is native to Mozambique and northwestern Madagascar.	Oeceoclades perrieri	species
taxon rank	Miodentosaurus is a genus of thalattosaurian (a type of extinct marine reptile) from the Late Triassic of China.	Miodentosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Wall spider is the common name for members of the genus Oecobius.	Wall spider	genus
taxon rank	Mycobonia is a genus of tooth fungi in the family Polyporaceae.	Mycobonia	genus
taxon rank	Pseudotropheus perspicax is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is known from Deep Bay.	Pseudotropheus perspicax	species
taxon rank	Coloradisaurus (meaning ``Colorados (from Los Colorados Formation) lizard'') is a genus of massospondylid sauropodomorph dinosaur.	Coloradisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Platanthera peramoena, the purple fringeless orchid, is a species of flowering plant in the orchid family.	Platanthera peramoena	species
taxon rank	Psammechinus is a genus of sea urchins in the family Parechinidae containing two species:	Psammechinus	genus
taxon rank	Mordellistena occidentalis is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Mordellistena occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Nematomorpha (sometimes called Gordiacea, Nematomorpha commonly known as horsehair worms or Gordian worms) are a phylum of parasitoid animals superficially similar to nematode worms in morphology, hence the name.	Nematomorpha	phylum
taxon rank	Nebria quezeli is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to northern part of Morocco.	Nebria quezeli	species
taxon rank	Tricladida (triclads) is an order of turbellarians, a group of free-living flatworms.	Tricladida	order
taxon rank	Haematopota crassicornis, the Black-horned Cleg is a species in the horse-fly family, Tabanidae.	Haematopota crassicornis	species
taxon rank	Didemnum proliferum is a rare species of sea squirt in the family Didemnidae.	Didemnum proliferum	species
taxon rank	Slimonia is a genus of Silurian eurypterid roughly similar to the genus Pterygotus.	Slimonia	genus
taxon rank	Calochortus amoenus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is commonly known as purple fairy-lantern.	Calochortus amoenus	species
taxon rank	Clitocybe glacialis is a species of mushroom in the family Tricholomataceae.	Clitocybe glacialis	species
taxon rank	Porcellio albinus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found on Canary Islands and in North Africa.	Porcellio albinus	species
taxon rank	Todaropsis eblanae, also known as the lesser flying squid, is a species of short finned squid in the monotypic genus Todaropsis of the family Ommastrephidae.	Todaropsis eblanae	species
taxon rank	The ground sloths of the extinct genus Megalocnus (``Great Sloth'') were among the largest of the Caribbean ground sloths, with individuals estimated to have weighed up to 90 kg (200 lb) when alive.	Megalocnus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudozioidea is a superfamily of crabs, formerly treated in the Eriphioidea, Carpilioidea, Xanthoidea, Pilumnoidea and Goneplacoidea.	Pseudozioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Polemonium micranthum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names annual polemonium or annual Jacob's-ladder.	Polemonium micranthum	species
taxon rank	The Ceratobatrachidae are a family of frogs found in the Malay Peninsula, Borneo, the Philippines, Palau, Fiji, New Guinea, and the Admiralty, Bismarck, and Solomon Islands.	Ceratobatrachidae	family
taxon rank	Melampus coffea, commonly known as the coffee bean snail, is a species of small air-breathing salt marsh snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.	Melampus coffea	species
taxon rank	Carpathichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Oligocene.	Carpathichthys	genus
taxon rank	Placostylus eddystonensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bothriembryontidae.	Placostylus eddystonensis	species
taxon rank	Penstemon albomarginatus is an uncommon species of penstemon known by the common name white-margined beardtongue.	Penstemon albomarginatus	species
taxon rank	Sitticus terebratus is a species of spiders from Salticidae family, that can be found in all European countries except for Belgium, Denmark, Spain, and Portugal, the Netherlands, and the Yugoslavian states.	Sitticus terebratus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium austroafricanum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium	Penicillium austroafricanum	species
taxon rank	Incara multisquamatus is a species of sleeper goby known from brackish waters along the coasts of India and Australia.	Incara multisquamatus	species
taxon rank	Foetidia is a genus of flowering plants first described as a genus in 1788.	Foetidia	genus
taxon rank	Anchusa azurea is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae, known by the common names garden anchusa and Italian bugloss (or just ``bugloss'').	Anchusa azurea	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Myriangiopsis sulphurea.	Myriangiopsis	species
taxon rank	Aulacephalodon is a genus of dicynodont from the Permian of South Africa and Zambia.	Aulacephalodon	genus
taxon rank	Hylarana macrodactyla is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Hylarana macrodactyla	species
taxon rank	A pseudoscorpion, also known as a false scorpion or book scorpion, is an arachnid belonging to the order Pseudoscorpionida, also known as Pseudoscorpiones or Chelonethida.	Pseudoscorpion	order
taxon rank	Myristica dactyloides (මලබොඩ)is a species of plant in the Myristicaceae family.	Myristica dactyloides	species
taxon rank	Lathyrus delnorticus is an uncommon species of wild pea known by the common name Del Norte pea.	Lathyrus delnorticus	species
taxon rank	Crassatellidae is a family of small saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs of the order Veneroida.	Crassatellidae	family
taxon rank	Heteropodagrion is a genus of damselflies in the family Muscidae.	Heteropodagrion	genus
taxon rank	Sternocera aequisignata is a species of beetles belonging to the Buprestidae family called 'Jeerjimbe' in Kannada language.	Sternocera aequisignata	species
taxon rank	The Monhysterida are an order in the phylum Nematoda.	Monhysterida	order
taxon rank	Psilocybe cubensis is a species of psychedelic mushroom whose principal active compounds are psilocybin and psilocin.	Psilocybe cubensis	species
taxon rank	Calochortus argillosus is a species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common name clay mariposa lily.	Calochortus argillosus	species
taxon rank	Atlantirivulus is a disputed genus of rivuline fishes endemic to Brazil.	Atlantirivulus	genus
taxon rank	Clematis orientalis is a deciduous vine or scrambling shrub of the Clematis species, that originates from Asia and Central Europe.	Clematis orientalis	species
taxon rank	Cnidoglanis macrocephalus is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Plotosidae, and is the only species of the genus Cnidoglanis.	Cnidoglanis macrocephalus	species
taxon rank	Nebaliopsididae is a family of leptostracan crustaceans.	Nebaliopsididae	family
taxon rank	Malacothrix coulteri is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name snake's head, or snake's head desertdandelion.	Malacothrix coulteri	species
taxon rank	Antennablennius adenensis, the Aden blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian Ocean, from the Red Sea to the Persian Gulf and Pakistan.	Antennablennius adenensis	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus bancroftii, commonly known as Bancroft's red gum or orange gum, is a species of tree native to eastern Australia.	Eucalyptus bancroftii	species
taxon rank	Muiria hortenseae (``Mouse-head'') is a rare dwarf species of succulent plant of the family Aizoaceae, indigenous to a very small area in the Little Karoo, Western Cape, South Africa.	Muiria	species
taxon rank	Genyorchis micropetala is a species of plant in the family Orchidaceae.	Genyorchis micropetala	species
taxon rank	Tetragonia implexicoma, commonly known as bower spinach, is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae, or ice-plant family.	Tetragonia implexicoma	species
taxon rank	Homosassa incudella is a species of snout moth in the genus Homosassa.	Homosassa incudella	species
taxon rank	Frullania nisquallensis, commonly known as Hanging millipede liverwort, is a reddish-brown species of liverwort in the Jubulaceae family.	Frullania nisquallensis	species
taxon rank	Dalmanites is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida.	Dalmanites	genus
taxon rank	Bathygobius burtoni is a species of goby native to the Atlantic shores of western Africa where it is a denizen of tide pools.	Bathygobius burtoni	species
taxon rank	Romnalda ophiopogonoides is a vulnerable species of flowering lily plants only known (endemic) in a restricted area of the Wet Tropics of Queensland.	Romnalda ophiopogonoides	species
taxon rank	Omobranchus verticalis is a species of combtooth blenny found in brackish waters in Australia.	Omobranchus verticalis	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Epimydia dialampra, which can be found in mountainous steppe areas in South Siberia, East Yakutia and Northern Mongolia.	Epimydia	species
taxon rank	Tagiades calligana is a species of spread-winged skipper butterflies in the genus Tagiades.	Tagiades calligana	species
taxon rank	Clypeomorus batillariaeformis, common name : the Necklace/Channeled Cerith, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.	Clypeomorus batillariaeformis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium jensenii is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citrinin, griseofulvin and fumagillin.	Penicillium jensenii	species
taxon rank	Tapinoma sessile is a species of ant that goes by the common names odorous house ant, stink ant, and coconut ant.	Tapinoma sessile	species
taxon rank	Passiflora arborea is a species of passion flower found in Columbia, Ecuador and Panama.	Passiflora arborea	species
taxon rank	Zanthoxylum planispinum (Bamboo-Leaf Prickly Ash, Winged Prickly Ash) is a species of plant in the Rutaceae family.	Zanthoxylum planispinum	species
taxon rank	Osteocephalus planiceps is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and possibly Brazil.	Osteocephalus planiceps	species
taxon rank	Upindauara bella is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Upindauara.	Upindauara	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria yuzhongensis is a plant species native to China (Gansu, Henan, Ningxia, Shaanxi, Shanxi).	Fritillaria yuzhongensis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Phylloporthe vernoniae.	Phylloporthe	species
taxon rank	Euthycera chaerophylli is a species of fly in the family Sciomyzidae, the marsh flies or snail-killing flies.	Euthycera chaerophylli	species
taxon rank	Sinotympana incomparabilis is a new species of cicada from southern China that was discovered among a group of unidentified specimens in the Institut Royal des Sciences Naturelles de Belgique in Brussels.	Sinotympana incomparabilis	species
taxon rank	Tolmiea is a genus of flowering plants containing two species native to western North America.	Tolmiea	genus
taxon rank	Cantharellopsis is a tan- to whitish-colored bryophilous monotypic genus in the Agaricales.	Cantharellopsis	genus
taxon rank	Rubus baileyanus, Bailey's dewberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus baileyanus	species
taxon rank	Monotropa is a genus of 5 species of herbaceous perennial plants, formerly classified in the family Monotropaceae, but now included within the Ericaceae.	Monotropa	genus
taxon rank	The Sula fruit dove (Ptilinopus mangoliensis) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Sula fruit dove	species
taxon rank	Edalorhina perezi (Perez's snouted frog) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.	Edalorhina perezi	species
taxon rank	Penicillium proteolyticum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces wortmannin.	Penicillium proteolyticum	species
taxon rank	Aromobates serranus (common name: Pefaur's rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Aromobates serranus	species
taxon rank	Baryancistrus demantoides is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela.	Baryancistrus demantoides	species
taxon rank	Musa siamensis is an Asian tropical species of plant in the banana family native to Indo-China (Thailand).	Musa siamensis	species
taxon rank	Gobiosoma is a genus of gobies native to fresh, brackish and marine waters of the Americas.	Gobiosoma	genus
taxon rank	Myrmica is a genus of ants within the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Myrmica	genus
taxon rank	Centrolene notostictum (common name: cordillera giant glass frog) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family.	Centrolene notostictum	species
taxon rank	Danio kyathit is a small, schooling species of fish in the family Cyprinidae, native to Burma.	Danio kyathit	species
taxon rank	Patriocetus is an extinct genus of toothed whale.	Patriocetus	genus
taxon rank	The Fischer's lovebird (Agapornis fischeri) is a small parrot species of the Agapornis genus.	Fischer's lovebird	species
taxon rank	Zorilispiella rufipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Zorilispiella.	Zorilispiella rufipennis	species
taxon rank	Vigna owahuensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Oahu cowpea.	Vigna owahuensis	species
taxon rank	Chromolucuma is a genus of plant in the Sapotaceae family described as a genus in 1925.	Chromolucuma	genus
taxon rank	Gastrophrynoides borneensis is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family, known commonly as the Borneo narrowmouth toad.	Gastrophrynoides borneensis	species
taxon rank	Zabrus laticollis is a species ground beetle in the Pelor subfamily that is can be found on Dodecanese islands and the Near East.	Zabrus laticollis	species
taxon rank	The single known species, Carpediemonas membranifera, is a small flagellate that was originally isolated from anaerobic intertidal sediment.	Carpediemonas	species
taxon rank	Alternanthera littoralis is an African species in the botanical family Amaranthaceae.	Alternanthera littoralis	species
taxon rank	Argyrodes flavescens, commonly called the red and silver dewdrop spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Theridiidae.	Argyrodes flavescens	species
taxon rank	Mesua kochummenia is a species of flowering plant in the family Calophyllaceae.	Mesua kochummenia	species
taxon rank	Runcinia acuminata is a species of crab spiders.	Runcinia acuminata	species
taxon rank	The longnose hawkfish, Oxycirrhites typus, is a species of hawkfish found on tropical reefs of the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean, where it can be found at depths around 10 to 100 m (33 to 328 ft).	Oxycirrhites typus	species
taxon rank	Crurifarcimen is a monotypic genus of millipedes containing the single species Crurifarcimen vagans.	Crurifarcimen	genus
taxon rank	Anochetus exstinctus is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae known from two possibly Miocene fossils found on Hispaniola.	Anochetus exstinctus	species
taxon rank	Ophisops is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae.	Ophisops	genus
taxon rank	Scaphium longiflorum is a species of plant in the family Sterculiaceae.	Scaphium longiflorum	species
taxon rank	Pachnodus velutinus was a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerastidae.	Pachnodus velutinus	species
taxon rank	Anguilla borneensis, also known as the Borneo eel is a species of the genus Anguilla found in Borneo.	Anguilla borneensis	species
taxon rank	Orcula dolium is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orculidae.	Orcula dolium	species
taxon rank	Solanum physalifolium, known as hoe nightshade, Argentine nightshade, green nightshade and hairy nightshade, is a species in the family Solanaceae (the nightshade family).	Solanum physalifolium	species
taxon rank	Coluber constrictor etheridgei, commonly known as the tan racer, is a nonvenomous colubrid snake, a subspecies of the eastern racer (Coluber constrictor).	Coluber constrictor etheridgei	subspecies
taxon rank	Clinus superciliosus, the Super klipfish' or Highfin klipfish, is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean from northern Namibia to the Kei River in South Africa where it can be found in the subtidal and intertidal zones.	Clinus superciliosus	species
taxon rank	Phycitodes gallicella is a species of snout moth which is endemic to France.	Phycitodes gallicella	species
taxon rank	The deep-sea spiny eels are a family, Notacanthidae, of fishes found worldwide below 125 m (410 ft), and as deep as 3,500 m (11,500 ft).	Notacanthidae	family
taxon rank	Dwarf sirens are eel-like salamanders of the genus Pseudobranchus.	Dwarf siren	genus
taxon rank	Cymbium olla, commonly known as the Algarve volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Cymbium olla	species
taxon rank	Adoketophyton is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Early Devonian (Pragian stage, around 410 million years ago).	Adoketophyton	genus
taxon rank	Agnostotes orientalis is a species of agnostid trilobite belonging to the genus Agnostotes.	Agnostotes orientalis	species
taxon rank	Ribes quercetorum is a species of currant known by the common names rock gooseberry, oak gooseberry and oakwoods gooseberry.	Ribes quercetorum	species
taxon rank	Lunella cinerea, common name the smooth moon turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Lunella cinerea	species
taxon rank	Chloracantha is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, containing the single species Chloracantha spinosa.	Chloracantha	genus
taxon rank	The Nihoa millerbird (Acrocephalus familiaris kingi) is a subspecies of the millerbird.	Nihoa millerbird	subspecies
taxon rank	Pleidae, the pygmy backswimmers, is a family of aquatic insects in the order Hemiptera (infraorder Nepomorpha, or ``true water bugs'').	Pleidae	family
taxon rank	Triraphis is a genus of African, Arabian, Australian, and Brazilian plants in the graass family.	Triraphis	genus
taxon rank	Titiscania is a genus of slug-like sea snails, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Neritopsoidea.	Titiscania	genus
taxon rank	Paragus tibialis, is a species of hoverfly found in many parts of Europe and North Africa.	Paragus tibialis	species
taxon rank	Brimopsis kivuensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Brimopsis.	Brimopsis kivuensis	species
taxon rank	Rhynchosaurus (beaked lizard) is a genus of rhynchosaur that lived during the Middle Triassic Period.	Rhynchosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Turbo kenwilliamsi, common name the beautiful turban, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Turbo kenwilliamsi	species
taxon rank	Salix phylicifolia, the Tea-Leaved Willow, is a species of willow native to Northern Europe including Iceland, the Faroe Islands, Scandinavia, Finland, Russia, and Western Siberia.	Salix phylicifolia	species
taxon rank	Liatris cymosa, also known as Aggie-land gayfeather or branched blazing star, is a plant species in the aster family Asteraceae and genus Liatris.	Liatris cymosa	species
taxon rank	Podoscypha petalodes is a widely distributed species of fungus in the family Meruliaceae.	Podoscypha petalodes	species
taxon rank	Woodsia is a genus of ferns in the family Woodsiaceae, order Polypodiales, and class Polypodiopsida.	Woodsia	genus
taxon rank	Cautor lutea is a species of small deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Triphoridae.	Cautor lutea	species
taxon rank	The Nillu rat (Rattus montanus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Nillu rat	species
taxon rank	Hylocereus is a genus of cacti, often referred to as night-blooming cactus (though the term is also used for many other cacti).	Hylocereus	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus onustus is a species of lupine known by the common name Plumas lupine.	Lupinus onustus	species
taxon rank	John T. Hunter described Micromyrtus grandis in 1996, after coming across a colony of Micromyrtus on a porphyritic ridge that did not correspond to any known species.	Micromyrtus grandis	species
taxon rank	Bryaninops erythrops, known commonly as the translucent coral goby or Erythrops goby , is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Bryaninops erythrops	species
taxon rank	Muschleria is a genus of African flowering plants in the ironweed tribe within the daisy family.	Muschleria	genus
taxon rank	Due to the recent decision by the RHS (the international orchid registration authority) to recognize the reduction of the Brazilian Laelias and the entire genus Sophronitis to synonymy under Cattleya, many hybrids which have previously been described as Laeliocattleyas are now classified as Cattleyas.	Laeliocattleya	genus
taxon rank	Zarafasaura was first named by Peggy Vincent, Nathalie Bardet, Xabier Pereda Suberbiola, Baâdi Bouya, Mbarek Amaghzaz and Saïd Meslouh in 2011 and the type species is Zarafasaura oceanis.	Zarafasaura	species
taxon rank	Praealticus semicrenatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western central Pacific ocean, around Indonesia.	Praealticus semicrenatus	species
taxon rank	Phelsuma astriata astriata is a subspecies of Seychelles small day gecko.	Phelsuma astriata astriata	subspecies
taxon rank	Stanhopea wardii is a species of orchid found from Nicaragua to Venezuela.	Stanhopea wardii	species
taxon rank	Diademodontidae is an extinct family of Triassic cynodonts.	Diademodontidae	family
taxon rank	Oecomys concolor, also known as the unicolored oecomys, unicolored rice rat, or unicolored arboreal rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae.	Oecomys concolor	species
taxon rank	Grigs are insects belonging to the orthopteran family Prophalangopsidae (formerly known in some classifications as Haglidae).	Prophalangopsidae	family
taxon rank	Doellingeria umbellata, known by the common names tall flat-topped white aster, parasol whitetop, or tall white-aster, is a North American plant species in the aster family.	Doellingeria umbellata	species
taxon rank	Trifolium gymnocarpon is a species of clover known by the common name hollyleaf clover.	Trifolium gymnocarpon	species
taxon rank	Synodontis arnoulti is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Volta River basin of Burkina Faso and Ghana.	Synodontis arnoulti	species
taxon rank	Xylaria is a genus of ascomycetous fungi commonly found growing on dead wood.	Xylaria	genus
taxon rank	The Australian swamp rat -- also known as the Eastern swamp rat (Rattus lutreolus) -- is a species of rat found near the coast of south and eastern Australia.	Australian swamp rat	species
taxon rank	Pinus armandii (family Pinaceae), the Armand pine or Chinese white pine, is a species of pine native to China, occurring from southern Shanxi west to southern Gansu and south to Yunnan, with outlying populations in Anhui.	Pinus armandii	species
taxon rank	Reutealis is a monotypic plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae.	Reutealis	genus
taxon rank	Sepia plana is a species of cuttlefish native to the coast of Australia, specifically the North West Shelf (12°04′S 122°59′E to 17°55.5′S 118°16.0′E).	Sepia plana	species
taxon rank	Torreyochloa erecta is a species of grass known by the common name spiked false mannagrass.	Torreyochloa erecta	species
taxon rank	Lissotesta micra, common name the tiny false top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Lissotesta micra	species
taxon rank	Nassarius albescens, common name : the whitish nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius albescens	species
taxon rank	Parkia parrii is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Fiji.	Parkia parrii	species
taxon rank	Uloceras is an early nautiloid genus named by Zhuravleva, 1974, that lived during the middle Devonian	Uloceras	genus
taxon rank	The granulated catfish (Pterodoras granulosus) is a species of thorny catfish found in the Paraná and Amazon basin as well as the coastal drainages of Suriname and Guyana.	Pterodoras granulosus	species
taxon rank	Micranthes bryophora is a species of saxifrage known by the common name bud saxifrage.	Micranthes bryophora	species
taxon rank	Bahiopsis is a genus of North American flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Bahiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Ornithodesmus (meaning ``bird link'') is a genus of small, dromaeosaurid dinosaur from the Isle of Wight in England, dating to about 125 million years ago.	Ornithodesmus	genus
taxon rank	Ceropegia sandersonii is a species of flowering plant in the genus Ceropegia (Apocynaceae), native to Mozambique, South Africa, and Swaziland.	Ceropegia sandersonii	species
taxon rank	Plagiognathops microlepis, the smallscale yellowfin, is a species of cyprinid fish found in China and Russia.	Plagiognathops microlepis	species
taxon rank	Houstonia micrantha, the southern bluet, is a plant species in the coffee family.	Houstonia micrantha	species
taxon rank	The rodent subfamily Sigmodontinae is one of the most diverse groups of mammals.	Sigmodontinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Haemaphysalis leporispalustris, the rabbit tick (occasionally known as the grouse tick), is a species of tick that is widely distributed in the Americas, stretching from Alaska to Argentina.	Haemaphysalis leporispalustris	species
taxon rank	Ptilodus is a genus of mammals from the extinct order of Multituberculata, and lived during the Paleocene in North America.	Ptilodus	genus
taxon rank	Palaeotapirus is an extinct genus of tapir from the Late Miocene of Eurasia.	Palaeotapirus	genus
taxon rank	The type species, Herrerasaurus ischigualastensis, was described by Osvaldo Reig in 1963 and is the only species assigned to the genus.	Herrerasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Polymeria calycina, also known as Slender Bindweed, is a species of prostrate herbaceous vine native to northern and Eastern Australia.	Polymeria calycina	species
taxon rank	Polistes crinitus is species of paper wasp most commonly found on Hispaniola, Jamaica and other small Caribbean islands.	Polistes crinitus	species
taxon rank	Meiosimyza rorida is a species of small flies of the family Lauxaniidae.	Meiosimyza rorida	species
taxon rank	Mikania natalensis is superficially similar in appearance to Chromolaena odorata, which is an alien invader species in the natural habitat of Mikania natalensis.	Mikania natalensis	species
taxon rank	Nebria arkansana is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Canada and in US states such as Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Wyoming.	Nebria arkansana	species
taxon rank	Arthroleptides is a small genus of frogs in the Petropedetidae family.	Arthroleptides	genus
taxon rank	Caecilia albiventris is a species of amphibian in the family Caeciliidae.	Caecilia albiventris	species
taxon rank	Podoserpula miranda is a species of fungus in the family Amylocorticiaceae.	Podoserpula miranda	species
taxon rank	The Boettger's caecilian, Siphonops paulensis, is a species of caecilian in the family Caeciliidae.	Siphonops paulensis	species
taxon rank	Putranjivaceae is a rosid family that is composed of about 210 species of evergreen tropical trees distributed into 4 genera.	Putranjivaceae	family
taxon rank	Malus glaucescens, commonly known as Dunbar crabapple, is a species in the genus Malus in the family Rosaceae.	Malus glaucescens	species
taxon rank	†Partula candida was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula candida	species
taxon rank	Sciodrepoides watsoni is a species of beetle in the Leiodidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for various European islands, Andorra, Estonia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Moldova, Monaco, Portugal, Republic of Macedonia, San Marino, and Vatican City.	Sciodrepoides watsoni	species
taxon rank	Manitherionyssus heterotarsus is a species of mite placed in its own family, Manitherionyssidae, in the order Mesostigmata.	Manitherionyssus	species
taxon rank	Nanger is a genus of antelopes, commonly called gazelles.	Nanger	genus
taxon rank	Suaeda aralocaspica is a species of plant in the family Amaranthaceae, that is restricted to the deserts of central Asia.	Suaeda aralocaspica	species
taxon rank	Halodule uninervis is a species of seagrass native to the western Pacific and Indian Oceans.	Halodule uninervis	species
taxon rank	Rana hanluica is a species of frog in the genus Rana endemic to China.	Rana hanluica	species
taxon rank	Wobbegong is the common name given to the 12 species of carpet sharks in the family Orectolobidae.	Wobbegong	family
taxon rank	Trisetum spicatum is a species of grass known by the common name spike trisetum and spike false oat.	Trisetum spicatum	species
taxon rank	Xianshou is a genus of small allotherian mammal known from the Oxfordian stage of the Jurassic period, approximately 160 million years ago.	Xianshou	genus
taxon rank	Sea cucumbers are echinoderms from the class Holothuroidea.	Sea cucumber	class
taxon rank	Nocomis is a genus of cyprinid fish native to North America.	Nocomis	genus
taxon rank	Andropogon virginicus is a species of grass known by several common names, including broomsedge bluestem, yellowsedge bluestem and (in Australia, because it was introduced to that country after being used as packaging for bottles of American whiskey) whiskey grass.	Andropogon virginicus	species
taxon rank	Barycholos (common name Chimbo frogs) is a genus of small craugastorid frogs found in southeastern Brazil and tropical lowland Ecuador.	Barycholos	genus
taxon rank	Antennaerenea niveosignata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Antennaerenea.	Antennaerenea niveosignata	species
taxon rank	Megalobrama is a genus of cyprinid fish, consisting of six species native to fresh water in China and eastern Russia.	Megalobrama	genus
taxon rank	Paragomphus sabicus, the Sabi hooktail, is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae.	Paragomphus sabicus	species
taxon rank	Carabus exiguus absconditus is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan, China.	Carabus exiguus absconditus	subspecies
taxon rank	Synodus tectus, the Tectus lizardfish, is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Indo-West Pacific.	Synodus tectus	species
taxon rank	Herina lacustris is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in France, Portugal, Spain, Morocco, and Algeria.	Herina lacustris	species
taxon rank	Maylandia mbenjii is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from Mbenji Island.	Maylandia mbenjii	species
taxon rank	Histoctopus is an octopus genus containing two species:	Histoctopus	genus
taxon rank	Caribachlamys sentis, or the Sentis scallop, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.	Caribachlamys sentis	species
taxon rank	†Mautodontha consobrina was a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae.	Mautodontha consobrina	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Hyphoradulum conspicuum, found in Europe.	Hyphoradulum	species
taxon rank	Gaillardia spathulata, western blanketflower, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gaillardia spathulata	species
taxon rank	Ronald's opossum (Monodelphis ronaldi) is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae.	Ronald's opossum	species
taxon rank	Dermatophyllum secundiflorum is a species of flowering shrub or small tree in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to the southwestern United States (Texas, New Mexico) and Mexico (Chihuahua and Coahuila south to Hidalgo, Puebla and Querétaro).	Dermatophyllum secundiflorum	species
taxon rank	Emblemariopsis signifer is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean.	Emblemariopsis signifer	species
taxon rank	Mytilaster is a genus of marine mussels.	Mytilaster	genus
taxon rank	Solanum douglasii is a species of nightshade known by the common name greenspot nightshade.	Solanum douglasii	species
taxon rank	Euchelus mysticus, common name the mysticus margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chilodontidae.	Euchelus mysticus	species
taxon rank	The Perdido Key beach mouse (Peromyscus polionotus trissyllepsis) is an endangered subspecies of the oldfield mouse.	Perdido Key beach mouse	subspecies
taxon rank	Cassida sareptana is a species of brownish beetle in the leaf beetle family, that can be found in Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Russia and Ukraine.	Cassida sareptana	species
taxon rank	Lupinus polyphyllus (large-leaved lupine, big-leaved lupine, many-leaved lupine or, primarily in cultivation, garden lupin) is a species of lupine (lupin) native to western North America from southern Alaska and British Columbia east to Quebec, and western Wyoming, and south to Utah and California.	Lupinus polyphyllus	species
taxon rank	Therea petiveriana, variously called the ``desert cockroach'', ``seven-spotted cockroach'' or ``Indian domino cockroach'', is a species of crepuscular cockroach found in southern India.	Therea petiveriana	species
taxon rank	Germanodactylus (``German finger'') is a genus of dsungaripteroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from Late Jurassic-age rocks of Germany, including the Solnhofen limestone.	Germanodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum hennisianum is a species of orchid endemic to central Philippines (Panay, Negros islands of the Visayas).	Paphiopedilum hennisianum	species
taxon rank	Allium shevockii is a rare species of wild onion known by the common name Spanish Needle onion.	Allium shevockii	species
taxon rank	Zodarion granulatum is a spider species found in Cyprus, Greece, Turkey, Lebanon and Israel.	Zodarion granulatum	species
taxon rank	Angraecum subulatum is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria and Sierra Leone.	Angraecum subulatum	species
taxon rank	Cotoneaster obovatus is a species of flowering plant in the Rosaceae family that can be found in Kangra and northeastern Punjab provinces of India.	Cotoneaster obovatus	species
taxon rank	Aguascalientia is an extinct genus of miniature camels, endemic to North America (as far south as the Panama Canal) during the Early Miocene 23.030--20.6 mya existing for approximately 2.43 million years.	Aguascalientia	genus
taxon rank	Odorrana lungshengensis (common names: Lung-shen-hsien frog, Lungshen odorous frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to China.	Odorrana lungshengensis	species
taxon rank	Tylototriton is a genus of newts known as crocodile newts or knobby newts.	Tylototriton	genus
taxon rank	Pistacia integerrima is a species of pistachio tree native to Asia, commonly called zebrawood.	Pistacia integerrima	species
taxon rank	Tuberculobasis karitiana is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae first identified in Rondônia, Brazil.	Tuberculobasis karitiana	species
taxon rank	Clathrina darwini is a species of calcareous sponge of the genus Clathrina from the Sunda Shelf.	Clathrina darwini	species
taxon rank	Zosteraceae (the seagrass family) is a family of marine perennial flowering plants found in temperate and subtropical coastal waters, with the highest diversity located around Korea and Japan.	Zosteraceae	family
taxon rank	Trichocentrum luridum is a species of orchid found from Mexico to northern South America.	Trichocentrum luridum	species
taxon rank	Aiphanes lindeniana is a species of palm that is endemic to Colombia.	Aiphanes lindeniana	species
taxon rank	Abrothrix jelskii, also known as Jelski's Altiplano Mouse, Jelski's Grass Mouse, or the Ornate Akodont, is a species of rodent in the genus Abrothrix of family Cricetidae.	Abrothrix jelskii	species
taxon rank	Kriegeriales is an order of Fungi that are mostly yeasts and can be found from a variety of places, ranging from arctic waters to tropical ferns.	Kriegeriales	order
taxon rank	Penicillium melinii is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces griseofulvin and beta-Nitropropionic acid.	Penicillium melinii	species
taxon rank	Viviparus acerosus is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae, the river snails.	Viviparus acerosus	species
taxon rank	Ethalia bellardii is a species of sea snail with a top-shaped shell, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Ethalia bellardii	species
taxon rank	Kadua parvula (formerly Hedyotis parvula) is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name rockface star-violet.	Kadua parvula	species
taxon rank	Maxwellia santarosana, common name the ``Santa Rosa murex'' is a species of small predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails.	Maxwellia santarosana	species
taxon rank	Physella acuta is a species of small, left-handed or sinistral, air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.	Physella acuta	species
taxon rank	Scopula subdecorata is the montane sister-species of Scopula vacuata.	Scopula subdecorata	species
taxon rank	Cantherhines dumerilii is a species of fish in the family Monacanthidae, the filefishes.	Cantherhines dumerilii	species
taxon rank	Cancellaria obesa, common name : the obese nutmeg, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.	Cancellaria obesa	species
taxon rank	Eburia bimaculata is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Antigua and Barbuda.	Eburia bimaculata	species
taxon rank	Dyscrasis hendeli is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Dyscrasis of the family Ulidiidae.	Dyscrasis hendeli	species
taxon rank	Hebeloma aminophilum, commonly known as the ghoul fungus, is a species of mushroom in the Hymenogastraceae family.	Hebeloma aminophilum	species
taxon rank	Iris kolpakowskiana (or 'Kolpakowski's Iris') is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus Hermodactyloides and section Monolepsis.	Iris kolpakowskiana	species
taxon rank	Leptinaria unilamellata is a species of tropical, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae.	Leptinaria unilamellata	species
taxon rank	Bidens trichosperma , the marsh beggar-ticks or marsh tickseed, is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens trichosperma	species
taxon rank	Brachyglanis is a genus of Three-barbeled catfishes native to South America.	Brachyglanis	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron pygmaeus is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pygmy fleabane, or pygmy daisy.	Erigeron pygmaeus	species
taxon rank	Mictyris guinotae is a species of soldier crab of genus Mictyris, endemic to the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.	Mictyris guinotae	species
taxon rank	Nicholsicypris is a genus of cyprinid fish containing two species, one in Vietnam and the other in China.	Nicholsicypris	genus
taxon rank	Lovoa swynnertonii (also called brown mahogany or Kilimanjaro mahogany) is a species of plant in the Meliaceae family.	Lovoa swynnertonii	species
taxon rank	The white Amur bream (Parabramis pekinensis) is a species of cyprinid freshwater fish, of the monotypic genus Parabramis.	Parabramis pekinensis	species
taxon rank	Rhodymenia cinnabarina is a species of red algae first described in 1841.	Rhodymenia cinnabarina	species
taxon rank	Parascolymia rowleyensis (Veron, 1985) is a species of large polyp stony corals.	Parascolymia rowleyensis	species
taxon rank	Anchiopsis is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now New York, U.S.A. It was described by Delo in 1935, and the type species is Anchiopsis anchiops, which was originally described as Calymene anchiops by Green in 1832.	Anchiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Nannolytoceras is an extinct genus of lytoceratid ammonite, family Lytoceratidae, with a stratigraphic range extending from the Bajocian age to Bathonian age (Medium Jurassic).	Nannolytoceras	genus
taxon rank	Cecilioides acicula, common name the ``blind snail'' or ``blind awlsnail'', is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ferussaciidae.	Cecilioides acicula	species
taxon rank	Bromeliohyla, sometimes known as the bromeliad treefrogs, is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family.	Bromeliohyla	genus
taxon rank	Wesmaelius mathewesi is an extinct species of lacewing in the neuropteran family Hemerobiidae known from an Eocene fossil found in North America	Wesmaelius mathewesi	species
taxon rank	Pederpes ('Peter's Foot') is an extinct genus of early Carboniferous tetrapod, dating from 348 - 347.6 Ma in the Tournaisian age (lower Mississippian).	Pederpes	genus
taxon rank	The genus Sactoceras was named by Hyatt (1884).	Sactoceras	genus
taxon rank	Wunderlichia is a genus of Brazilian trees in the gerbera tribe within the daisy family.	Wunderlichia	genus
taxon rank	Ardisia escallonioides, the Island marlberry, is a plant species native to the West Indies and neighboring areas.	Ardisia escallonioides	species
taxon rank	Sairostoma is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.	Sairostoma	genus
taxon rank	Ameerega ingeri, formerly Epipedobates ingeri, is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Colombia.	Ameerega ingeri	species
taxon rank	Erigeron wilkenii is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Wilken's fleabane and Dieter's erigeron.	Erigeron wilkenii	species
taxon rank	Ozyptila praticola is a species of crab spider found throughout Europe and the Middle East.	Ozyptila praticola	species
taxon rank	Lycus foliaceus is a species of beetles belonging to the Lycidae family.	Lycus foliaceus	species
taxon rank	Sesbania tomentosa, commonly known as Oahu riverhemp and ʻŌhai, is an endangered species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to the main Hawaiian Islands as well as Nihoa and Necker Island.	Sesbania tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Astragalus cremnophylax is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common names sentry milkvetch and cliff milkvetch.	Astragalus cremnophylax	species
taxon rank	Callionymus sphinx is a species of dragonet known from the waters off of the Northern Territory, Australia.	Callionymus sphinx	species
taxon rank	Astatotilapia desfontainii is a species of cichlid found in Algeria and Tunisia.	Astatotilapia desfontainii	species
taxon rank	Ramphotyphlops bituberculatus is a species of snake, also known as ``Peters's Blind Snake'', which is in the Typhlopidae family.	Ramphotyphlops bituberculatus	species
taxon rank	Spaniopappus is a genus of Cuban plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Spaniopappus	genus
taxon rank	Sphedanolestes cingulatus is a species of assassin bug belonging to the family Reduviidae, in the subfamily Harpactorinae.	Sphedanolestes cingulatus	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia bourgeana, also sometimes called the Tree Euphorbia, is a species of spurge native to La Gomera in the Canary Islands.	Euphorbia bourgeana	species
taxon rank	Hippocamelus is a genus of Cervidae, the deer family.	Hippocamelus	genus
taxon rank	Salix hastata is a species of flowering plant in the willow family, known by the common name halberd willow.	Salix hastata	species
taxon rank	Arachis repens (Portuguese common name: Grama-amendoim) is a species in the Fabaceae family native to Brazil.	Arachis repens	species
taxon rank	Luciobarbus pectoralis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Luciobarbus from the Orontes River basin (including Asi Nehri) in the Near East.	Luciobarbus pectoralis	species
taxon rank	The Manus friarbird or white-naped friarbird (Philemon albitorques) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Manus friarbird	species
taxon rank	Procambarus cometes, the Mississippi flatwoods crayfish is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus cometes	species
taxon rank	Parametaria dupontii, tre Dupont's Dove Shell or False Cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Parametaria dupontii	species
taxon rank	Marstonia ogmorhaphe, common names the royal marstonia or royal springsnail, is a minute species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Marstonia ogmorhaphe	species
taxon rank	Cuthona speciosa, common name the ``candy nudibranch'', is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tergipedidae.	Cuthona speciosa	species
taxon rank	Calathus carvalhoi is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that is endemic to the Azores.	Calathus carvalhoi	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron galactinum (乳黄叶杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to western Sichuan in China, where it grows at altitudes of 2900--3500 meters.	Rhododendron galactinum	species
taxon rank	Odorrana chapaensis (Vietnam sucker frog or Chapa torrent frog) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in southern Yunnan in China and in northern Vietnam.	Odorrana chapaensis	species
taxon rank	Epopaea acuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Epopaea.	Epopaea acuta	species
taxon rank	Tugali elegans is a species of large sea snail or limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the Family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Tugali elegans	species
taxon rank	It was long held that Darwin's fox was a subspecies of the South American gray fox (L. griseus); however, the discovery of a small population of Darwin's fox on the mainland in Nahuelbuta National Park in 1990 and subsequent genetic analysis has clarified the fox's status as a unique species.	Darwin's fox	species
taxon rank	Morelia amethistina is a non-venomous species of snake, known as the amethystine, scrub python or Sanca permata locally, found in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea and Australia.	Morelia amethistina	species
taxon rank	Phoenix canariensis is a species of flowering plant in the palm family Arecaceae, native to the Canary Islands.	Phoenix canariensis	species
taxon rank	Payena selangorica is a species of plant in the family Sapotaceae.	Payena selangorica	species
taxon rank	Ruhuhuaria is an extinct genus of owenettid procolophonoid reptile known from the Middle Triassic Manda Beds of southwestern Tanzania.	Ruhuhuaria	genus
taxon rank	The Alamos mud turtle (Kinosternon alamosae) is a species of mud turtle in the family Kinosternidae.	Alamos mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Spathopria is an extinct genus of wasp currently comprising a single species Spathopria sayrevillensis.	Spathopria	genus
taxon rank	Eucalyptus oraria, also known as Ooragmandee, is a mallee species of Eucalyptus that is native to Western Australia, occurring in coastal and near-coastal areas.	Eucalyptus oraria	species
taxon rank	Aplysina insularis, the yellow-green candle sponge or yellow tube sponge, is a species of demosponge that is found on reefs in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.	Aplysina insularis	species
taxon rank	Chromodoris annae is a species of sea slug, a very colourful nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.	Chromodoris annae	species
taxon rank	Townsend's mole is classified as Least Concern by the IUCN, however in Canada it is considered an endangered species.	Townsend's mole	species
taxon rank	Phalangium is a genus of harvestmen, that occurs mostly in the Old World.	Phalangium	genus
taxon rank	Hyocephalidae are a small family of Heteroptera which are endemic to Australia.	Hyocephalidae	family
taxon rank	Megalochelys atlas is an extinct species of cryptodiran turtle from the Miocene through to the Pleistocene periods.	Megalochelys atlas	species
taxon rank	Allium peninsulare is a North American species of wild onion.	Allium peninsulare	species
taxon rank	Bremia is a genus of water moulds in the family Peronosporaceae.	Bremia	genus
taxon rank	Leporellus is a genus of headstanders found in South America.	Leporellus	genus
taxon rank	Acromantis luzonica, common name Luzon mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in the Philippine.	Acromantis luzonica	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Anisostagma rotundatum.	Anisostagma	species
taxon rank	Schizothorax labiatus or Kunar snowtrout is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Schizothorax.	Schizothorax labiatus	species
taxon rank	Bridetherium is an extinct genus of morganucodontan from Early Jurassic deposits of southern Wales, United Kingdom.	Bridetherium	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces reticuliscabiei is a streptomycete bacterium species that is associated with netted scab in potatoes.	Streptomyces reticuliscabiei	species
taxon rank	Nebria nigerrima is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Asian countries such as Armenia, Iran, and Turkey.	Nebria nigerrima	species
taxon rank	Allobates is a genus of frogs in the Aromobatidae family.	Allobates	genus
taxon rank	Conus sponsalis, common name the sponsal cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus sponsalis	species
taxon rank	Cephalanthus glabratus is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family, Rubiaceae, that is native to South America.	Cephalanthus glabratus	species
taxon rank	Etropus is a genus of large-tooth flounders native to the coastal waters of the Americas.	Etropus	genus
taxon rank	Caumontisphinctes is an ammonoid genus from the ammonitid superfamily Perkinsonataceae that lived during the Bajocian stage of the Middle Jurassic.	Caumontisphinctes	genus
taxon rank	Baccharis wrightii is a North American species of shrubs in the aster family known by the common name Wright's baccharis or false willow.	Baccharis wrightii	species
taxon rank	Caulanthus barnebyi, the Black Rock wild cabbage, is a plant species endemic to a small region in the US State of Nevada.	Caulanthus barnebyi	species
taxon rank	Cyclophoridae is a taxonomic family of small to large tropical land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa belonging to the clade Caenogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Cyclophoridae	family
taxon rank	Mniodes is a genus of South American flowering plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the daisy family.	Mniodes	genus
taxon rank	Huperzia compacta is a species of plant in the family Lycopodiaceae.	Huperzia compacta	species
taxon rank	Podargus is a small genus of in the Podargidae (frogmouth) family.	Podargus	genus
taxon rank	Oritrophium tergoalbum is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Oritrophium tergoalbum	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma jujubinum, common name the jujube top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma jujubinum	species
taxon rank	Tryonia is a genus of freshwater snails in the family Hydrobiidae.This genus is sometimes placed in the family Cochliopidae.	Tryonia	genus
taxon rank	Pelagiellidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil marine molluscs.	Pelagiellidae	family
taxon rank	Hypna is a monotypic genus of Neotropical leafwing butterflies.	Hypna	genus
taxon rank	Trifolium pannonicum is a species of clover known by the common name Hungarian Clover.	Trifolium pannonicum	species
taxon rank	Sanvitalia abertii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Abert's creeping zinnia and Abert's sanvitalia.	Sanvitalia abertii	species
taxon rank	Corybas aconitiflorus is a species of terrestrial orchid native to eastern Australia, from south-east Queensland to Tasmania.	Corybas aconitiflorus	species
taxon rank	Blaxotes wollastoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Blaxotes.	Blaxotes wollastoni	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus calandrinioides (high alpine buttercup) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ranunculaceae, native to the Atlas Mountains of North Africa.	Ranunculus calandrinioides	species
taxon rank	Adelptes clavipalpis is a species of beetle in the Adelptes genus.	Adelptes clavipalpis	species
taxon rank	Rapisma is a genus of moth lacewings, Ithonidae.	Rapisma	genus
taxon rank	Sanvitalia procumbens with the common name of Mexican creeping zinnia is the type species of the genus Sanvitalia and a member of the family Asteraceae and tribe Heliantheae.	Sanvitalia procumbens	species
taxon rank	Linaria maroccana is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names Moroccan toadflax and annual toadflax.	Linaria maroccana	species
taxon rank	Arnica mollis is a North American species of arnica in the sunflower family, known by the common name soft arnica, or hairy arnica.	Arnica mollis	species
taxon rank	Atriplex serenana is a species of saltbush known by the common names bractscale and stinking orach.	Atriplex serenana	species
taxon rank	Menetus dilatatus is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Menetus dilatatus	species
taxon rank	Leptolalax gracilis is a frog species in the family Megophryidae.	Leptolalax gracilis	species
taxon rank	Scutiger pingwuensis is a species of toad in the family Megophryidae known commonly as the Pingwu lazy toad and the Pingwu alpine toad.	Scutiger pingwuensis	species
taxon rank	Murexsul octogonus, or the octagonal murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Murexsul octogonus	species
taxon rank	Neokochia americana (syn. Bassia americana, Kochia americana) is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family, subfamily Camphorosmoideae, known by the common name green molly.	Neokochia americana	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis modjensis is a species of upside-down catfish (Mochokidae) endemic to Ethiopia.	Chiloglanis modjensis	species
taxon rank	Daedaleopsis confragosa, commonly known as the thin walled maze polypore or the blushing bracket, is a species of polypore fungus in the family Polyporaceae.	Daedaleopsis confragosa	species
taxon rank	Nebria biseriata is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in China and Amur Oblast of Russia.	Nebria biseriata	species
taxon rank	Platyrhacidae is a family of polydesmidan millipedes distributed in Southeast Asia and tropical Central and South America.	Platyrhacidae	family
taxon rank	Cyathea atropurpurea is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon, Mindanao, Leyte and Mindanao in the Philippines, where it grows in forest at above 1000 m. The erect trunk is slender and may be up to 3 m tall.	Cyathea atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Multivalvulida is an order of myxozoan.	Multivalvulida	order
taxon rank	Pyrenaria buisanensis is a species of tea endemic to Taiwan.	Pyrenaria buisanensis	species
taxon rank	Platygillellus is a genus of sand stargazers native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas.	Platygillellus	genus
taxon rank	Ziziphus mucronata, known as the Buffalo thorn, ``blinkblaar-wag-'n-bietjie'' in Afrikaans and ``mphasamhala'' in Tsonga, is a species in the Rhamnaceae family.	Ziziphus mucronata	species
taxon rank	Palaemon affinis is a species of shrimp of the family Palaemonidae.	Palaemon affinis	species
taxon rank	Gonospira duponti is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Streptaxidae.	Gonospira duponti	species
taxon rank	Tridentea is a genus of plant in family Asclepiadaceae, first described as a genus in 1812.	Tridentea	genus
taxon rank	Acridocarpus socotranus is a species of plant in the family Malpighiaceae.	Acridocarpus socotranus	species
taxon rank	Felis chaus nilotica is a subspecies of the jungle cat.	Felis chaus nilotica	subspecies
taxon rank	Spergularia rubra, the red sandspurry or red sand-spurrey, is a plant species in the pink family.	Spergularia rubra	species
taxon rank	Emiliana is an extinct genus of planthopper in the Tropiduchidae tribe Emilianini and containing the single species Emiliana alexandri.	Emiliana alexandri	species
taxon rank	Tagarosuchus is an extinct genus of Early Cretaceous protosuchian-grade crocodyliform.	Tagarosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Angarocaris is an extinct genus of basal chelicerate.	Angarocaris	genus
taxon rank	Aphis spiraecola is a species of aphid described in 1914 by Edith Marion Patch.	Aphis spiraecola	species
taxon rank	Harpadon erythraeus is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Western Indian Ocean.	Harpadon erythraeus	species
taxon rank	Cynips quercusfolii is a gall wasp species in the genus Cynips.	Cynips quercusfolii	species
taxon rank	Solanum crispum is a species of flowering plant in the Solanaceae family, native to Chile and Peru.	Solanum crispum	species
taxon rank	Iresine heterophylla (Standley's bloodleaf) is a plant species native to the southwestern United States and also to Mexico.	Iresine heterophylla	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum eremicola is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Telescope Peak buckwheat and Wild Rose Canyon buckwheat.	Eriogonum eremicola	species
taxon rank	Eiders (/ˈaɪ.dər/) are large seaducks in the genus Somateria.	Eider	genus
taxon rank	Maytenus aquifolia, the Espinheira-santa, is an endemic tree (sometimes shrub) species from the Atlantic Forest Biome in Brazil, occurring in the regions Sudeste (in Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo states) and Sul (Paraná, Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul states).	Maytenus aquifolia	species
taxon rank	Paraclinus infrons, the Bald blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to reefs of the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea from Florida and the Bahamas over to Belize.	Paraclinus infrons	species
taxon rank	Alburnus volviticus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus, that is endemic to Greece.	Alburnus volviticus	species
taxon rank	Allium listera is a species of wild onion endemic to China.	Allium listera	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron flammeum, the piedmont azalea or Oconee azalea, is a plant species native to the US States of Georgia and South Carolina.	Rhododendron flammeum	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Discoxylaria myrmecophila.	Discoxylaria	species
taxon rank	The Bali tiger (Panthera tigris balica), harimau Bali in Indonesian, or samong in Balinese, is an extinct tiger subspecies that was native to the Indonesian island of Bali.	Bali tiger	subspecies
taxon rank	Goniurosaurus is a genus of geckos, containing 17 species.	Goniurosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Brachycerus ornatus, common name Red-spotted Lily Weevil or Moose Face Lily Weevil, is a species of Curculionidae family, Brachycerinae subfamily.	Brachycerus ornatus	species
taxon rank	Chrysomya albiceps is a species belonging to the blow fly family, Calliphoridae.	Chrysomya albiceps	species
taxon rank	Moganopterus is an extinct genus of boreopterid pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous of western Liaoning Province, China.	Moganopterus	genus
taxon rank	Vulpia is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family, native to many countries around the world and naturalized in many of the nations to which it is not native.	Vulpia	genus
taxon rank	Xylomelum occidentale, commonly known as the western woody pear, is a tree species in the family Proteaceae.	Xylomelum occidentale	species
taxon rank	Encelia californica is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name California brittlebush.	Encelia californica	species
taxon rank	Mimulus inconspicuus is an uncommon species of monkeyflower known by the common name smallflower monkeyflower.	Mimulus inconspicuus	species
taxon rank	Cotopaxia is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family, comprising two species:	Cotopaxia	genus
taxon rank	The Keroplatidae are a family of small flies known as fungus gnats.	Keroplatidae	family
taxon rank	Juncus luciensis is a species of rush known by the common name Santa Lucia dwarf rush.	Juncus luciensis	species
taxon rank	The Northeastern coyote (Canis latrans thamnos) is a subspecies of coyote native to north-central Saskatchewan east to southern Ontario, historically south to northern Indiana and west to Missouri.	Northeastern coyote	subspecies
taxon rank	Carica is a genus of flowering plants in the family Caricaceae including C. papaya, the papaya (syn. C. peltata, C. posoposa), a widely cultivated fruit tree native to the American tropics.	Carica	genus
taxon rank	The Travuniidae are a small family of harvestman with little more than ten described species, within the suborder Laniatores.	Travuniidae	family
taxon rank	Purussaurus is an extinct genus of giant caiman that lived in South America during the Miocene epoch, 8 million years ago.	Purussaurus	genus
taxon rank	Chilara taylori, the spotted cusk-eel, is a species of cusk-eel found along the eastern coast of the Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of around 280 metres (920 ft) from Washington, USA to Ecuador.	Chilara taylori	species
taxon rank	Falsoparmena malaccensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsoparmena.	Falsoparmena malaccensis	species
taxon rank	Oxycera rara, the four-barred major, is a European species of soldier fly.	Oxycera rara	species
taxon rank	Prorastomidae is a taxonomic family of extinct animals from Jamaica, related to the extant manatees and dugong.	Prorastomidae	family
taxon rank	Blancoa is a genus with a single species of perennial herb in the family Haemodoraceae, endemic to the south west of Western Australia.	Blancoa	species
taxon rank	The genus Pseudechis contains the group of elapids commonly referred to as the black snakes.	Pseudechis	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoharpya opulenta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudoharpya.	Pseudoharpya opulenta	species
taxon rank	The Recurvirostridae are a family of birds in the wader suborder Charadrii.	Recurvirostridae	family
taxon rank	Andricus quercuscalicis is a gall wasp species inducing knopper galls.	Andricus quercuscalicis	species
taxon rank	Tropidophorus grayi, the spiny waterside skink, is a species of highly secretive lizard.	Tropidophorus grayi	species
taxon rank	Cicindela columbica is a species of beetle in the tiger beetle subfamily, Cicindelinae, known commonly as the Columbia River tiger beetle.	Cicindela columbica	species
taxon rank	Oleandra hainanensis is a species of fern in the Oleandraceae family.	Oleandra hainanensis	species
taxon rank	Curiofrea curiosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Curiofrea.	Curiofrea curiosa	species
taxon rank	Frankia alni is a species of actinomycete filamentous bacterium that lives in symbiosis with actinorhizal plants in the genus Alnus.	Frankia alni	species
taxon rank	Teracotona is a genus of moths in the Arctiidae family from the Afrotropics.	Teracotona	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia mohavensis is a species of phacelia known by the common name Mojave phacelia.	Phacelia mohavensis	species
taxon rank	Neogonodactylus is a genus of mantis shrimp.	Neogonodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Compsognathus (/kɒmpˈsɒɡnəθəs/; Greek kompsos/κομψός; ``elegant'', ``refined'' or ``dainty'', and gnathos/γνάθος; ``jaw'') is a genus of small, bipedal, carnivorous theropod dinosaurs.	Compsognathus	genus
taxon rank	Formica truncorum is a species of wood ant from the genus Formica.	Formica truncorum	species
taxon rank	Paraphanis rougemonti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraphanis.	Paraphanis rougemonti	species
taxon rank	Polygala curtissii, the Curtiss' milkwort or Appalachian milkwort, is a species of flowering plant in the milkwort family.	Polygala curtissii	species
taxon rank	Thyasiridae is a family of bivalve molluscs, including the cleft clams.	Thyasiridae	family
taxon rank	Eburna is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Olividae.	Eburna	genus
taxon rank	Davaineidae is the name of a family of tapeworms that includes helminth parasites of vertebrates.	Davaineidae	family
taxon rank	Dothideomycetes is the largest and most diverse class of ascomycete fungi.	Dothideomycetes	class
taxon rank	Dasyerrus pilosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dasyerrus.	Dasyerrus pilosus	species
taxon rank	Sarcosuchus (/ˌsɑːrkoʊˈsuːkəs/; meaning ``flesh crocodile'') is an extinct genus of crocodyliform and distant relative of the crocodile that lived 112 million years ago.	Sarcosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Paraclinus integripinnis, the Reef finspot, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of North America from southern California to Baja California.	Paraclinus integripinnis	species
taxon rank	Sedecula is a genus of fungi in the order Agaricales.	Sedecula	genus
taxon rank	Sphaeralcea angustifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names copper globemallow and narrow-leaved globemallow.	Sphaeralcea angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Melica stuckertii, is a grass species in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Argentina and southern South America.	Melica stuckertii	species
taxon rank	Ancyridris is a small genus of myrmicine ants, with only two described species from New Guinea.	Ancyridris	genus
taxon rank	Sepiadarium auritum is a species of cuttlefish native to the eastern Indian Ocean off northwestern Australia.	Sepiadarium auritum	species
taxon rank	Deborrea robinsoni is a species of bagworm native to Madagascar.	Deborrea robinsoni	species
taxon rank	The genus Anatea contains only one species, Anatea formicaria, an ant-mimicking spider.	Anatea	species
taxon rank	Hoheria is a genus of six species of flowering plants in the family Malvaceae.	Hoheria	genus
taxon rank	The Podocopa are a subclass of ostracods.	Podocopa	subclass
taxon rank	Pachymenes is a small but widely distributed neotropical genus of potter wasps.	Pachymenes	genus
taxon rank	Boechera perstellata (syn. Arabis perstellata) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Braun's rockcress and Nevada rockcress.	Boechera perstellata	species
taxon rank	Pseudomonoxenus crossotoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudomonoxenus.	Pseudomonoxenus crossotoides	species
taxon rank	Tityus serrulatus, the Brazilian yellow scorpion, is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae.	Tityus serrulatus	species
taxon rank	The Prochaetodermatidae are a family of small worm-shaped (<1 cm) chaetoderm molluscs.	Prochaetodermatidae	family
taxon rank	Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens is a species of bacteria from the genus of Bradyrhizobium.	Bradyrhizobium diazoefficiens	species
taxon rank	Axia napoleona is a species of moth of the Cimeliidae family.	Axia napoleona	species
taxon rank	Caseolus calvus is a species of small air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Caseolus calvus	species
taxon rank	Anthurium bushii is a species of plant in the arum family, Araceae.	Anthurium bushii	species
taxon rank	Cardisoma carnifex is a species of terrestrial crab found in coastal regions from the east coast of Africa and the Red Sea across the Indo-Pacific to the Line Islands and the Tuamotu Archipelago.	Cardisoma carnifex	species
taxon rank	Pteris longifolia, the longleaf brake is a species of fern in the Pteridoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.	Pteris longifolia	species
taxon rank	Pantilema angustum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pantilema.	Pantilema angustum	species
taxon rank	Cephalenicodes bimaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cephalenicodes.	Cephalenicodes bimaculatus	species
taxon rank	Deroplatys philippinica, common name Philippines dead leaf mantis, is a species of dead leaf mantis from the Philippines.	Deroplatys philippinica	species
taxon rank	Vasconcellea goudotiana (also known as papayuelo) is a species of flowering plant in the Caricaceae family.	Vasconcellea goudotiana	species
taxon rank	Hybos culiciformis, common name Dance Fly, is a species of flies belonging to the family hybotid.	Hybos culiciformis	species
taxon rank	Bombus terrestris, the buff-tailed bumblebee or large earth bumblebee, is one of the most numerous bumblebee species in Europe.	Bombus terrestris	species
taxon rank	Ilex guayusa (/ˈaɪlɛks ˈɡwaɪjuːsə/ or /ˈaɪlɛks ˈwaɪjuːsə/) is a species of tree of the holly genus, native to the Amazon Rainforest.	Ilex guayusa	species
taxon rank	The species Bundibugyo ebolavirus is the taxonomic home of one virus, Bundibugyo virus (BDBV), that forms filamentous virions and is closely related to the infamous Ebola virus (EBOV).	Bundibugyo ebolavirus	species
taxon rank	Ageratina havanensis, the Havana snakeroot or white mistflower, is a species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family, native to Texas, Cuba, and northeastern and east-central Mexico (Veracruz, Tamaulipas, Coahuila, Nuevo León, Hidalgo, San Luis Potosí, Puebla, Guanajuato, Querétaro).	Ageratina havanensis	species
taxon rank	Sphagnum capillifolium, the red bogmoss or small red peat moss, is a species of peat moss native to Canada, the northern United States, Greenland and Europe.	Sphagnum capillifolium	species
taxon rank	Kunzea glabrescens is a species of Western Australian shrub known by the common name spearwood.	Kunzea glabrescens	species
taxon rank	Cetichthys is a genus of flabby whalefishes.	Cetichthys	genus
taxon rank	Sthenopis purpurascens, the four-spotted ghost moth, is a species of moth of the family Hepialidae.	Sthenopis purpurascens	species
taxon rank	Cyrtopodion baturensis is a species of gecko found in Pakistan and India.	Cyrtopodion baturensis	species
taxon rank	Syntrophaceticus schinkii is a species of anaerobic, syntrophic acetate-oxidizing bacterium, the type species of its genus.	Syntrophaceticus schinkii	species
taxon rank	Barbus magdalenae (the Bunjako barb) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Barbus magdalenae	species
taxon rank	†Partula variabilis was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula variabilis	species
taxon rank	Pachyrhynchus infernalis is a weevil species in the family Brentidae.	Pachyrhynchus infernalis	species
taxon rank	Lupinus formosus, the summer lupine or western lupine, is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Lupinus formosus	species
taxon rank	Tamandua is a genus of anteaters with two species: the southern tamandua (T. tetradactyla) and the northern tamandua (T. mexicana).	Tamandua	genus
taxon rank	Chaseella pseudohydra is a species of epiphytic orchids, of the monospecific genus Chaseella.	Chaseella	genus
taxon rank	Solenostomus, also known as ghost pipefishes, false pipefishes or tubemouth fishes, is a genus of fishes in the order Syngnathiformes.	Solenostomus	genus
taxon rank	Hecistopteris is a fern genus in the Vittarioideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.	Hecistopteris	genus
taxon rank	Catoptria margaritella, also known as Pearl-band Grass Veneer, is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.	Catoptria margaritella	species
taxon rank	Gymnodoris subflavais a species of colorful sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Gymnodorididae.	Gymnodoris subflava	species
taxon rank	Eutrombicula batatas is a species of chigger (trombiculid mite).	Eutrombicula batatas	species
taxon rank	Cyrestinae is the name of a small subfamily of nymphalid brush-footed butterflies.	Cyrestinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Cyrioides imperialis, commonly known as the banksia jewel beetle, is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae native to southeastern Australia.	Cyrioides imperialis	species
taxon rank	Aeschynomene virginica is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names Virginia jointvetch and sensitive jointvetch.	Aeschynomene virginica	species
taxon rank	Syntripsa is a genus of freshwater crabs found in Sulawesi.	Syntripsa	genus
taxon rank	Cirsium clavatum (Fish Lake thistle) is a North American species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family.	Cirsium clavatum	species
taxon rank	Kosteletzkya (pronounced Kost-el-lets-kee-uh) ) is a genus of the plant family Malvaceae that includes the seashore mallow (K. virginica).	Kosteletzkya	genus
taxon rank	Marattia is a small genus of primitive, large, fleshy eusporangiate ferns.	Marattia	genus
taxon rank	Crepidodera nitidula is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania, Andorra, Croatia, Greece, Ireland, Liechtenstein, San Marino, Spain, Vatican City, and various European islands.	Crepidodera nitidula	species
taxon rank	Harpulina arausiaca, common name the gold-banded volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Harpulina arausiaca	species
taxon rank	Aiteng mysticus is a species of sea slug in the family Aitengidae, found around Hisamatsu, Miyako-jima, Okinawa, Japan.	Aiteng mysticus	species
taxon rank	The Sierra Juarez brook frog, Duellmanohyla ignicolor, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.	Sierra Juarez brook frog	species
taxon rank	Lebia analis is a species of beetle in the family of Carabidae, Harpalinae subfamily.	Lebia analis	species
taxon rank	Davidsea attenuata is only known species of the genus Davidsea.	Davidsea	genus
taxon rank	Papilio garamas is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Panama and Costa Rica.	Papilio garamas	species
taxon rank	Choeradodis is a genus of praying mantises with common names such as shield mantis, hood mantis (or hooded mantis), and leaf mantis (or leafy mantis) because of their extended, leaf-like thoraxes.	Choeradodis	genus
taxon rank	Maratus sceletus (colloquially named skeletorus) is a species of the peacock spider genus, or more generically, a member of the Australian jumping spider family.	Maratus sceletus	species
taxon rank	Anatoma aupouria is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Anatomidae.	Anatoma aupouria	species
taxon rank	Andrena agilissima is a species of mining bee.	Andrena agilissima	species
taxon rank	The Tremex magus is a species sawfly, native to most of Europe and parts of Russia.	Tremex magus	species
taxon rank	Makinoa crispata is the only species of liverwort in the genus Makinoa and family Makinoaceae.	Makinoa	species
taxon rank	Carelia lymani was a species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia lymani	species
taxon rank	Lilium parryi, common name lemon lily, is a rare species of lily.	Lilium parryi	species
taxon rank	Physalis (/ˈfaɪsəlɪs/, sometimes /faɪˈseɪlɪs/, from physalis = bladder) is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family (Solanaceae), which grow in warm temperate and subtropical regions of the world.	Physalis	genus
taxon rank	Crayweed (Phyllospora comosa) is a species of brown algae in the Seirococcaceae family.	Phyllospora comosa	species
taxon rank	Colobometra perspinosa is a species of Echinodermata known by the common name Black feather star.	Colobometra perspinosa	species
taxon rank	Halocoryza maindroni is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae which can be found on Comoros, Madagascar, Mauritius, Mayotte, and Réunion, as well as in Djibouti, Saudi Arabia, and Somalia.	Halocoryza maindroni	species
taxon rank	Isanda murrea is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Isanda murrea	species
taxon rank	Sarcodon martioflavus is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae, found in Europe and North America.	Sarcodon martioflavus	species
taxon rank	Lactarius pubescens, commonly known as the downy milk cap, is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius pubescens	species
voice type	Adriana Ferrarese del Bene (born c. 1755 in Ferrara - died after 1804 in Venice) was an Italian operatic soprano.	Adriana Ferrarese del Bene	soprano
voice type	Marie Brema (28 February 1856 -- 22 March 1925) was an English dramatic mezzo-soprano singer in concert, operatic and oratorio work in the last decade of the 19th and the first decade of the 20th centuries.	Marie Brema	mezzo-soprano
