Anna Christie is a play in four acts by Eugene O'Neill .
A Dangerous Fortune was written by British author Ken Follett in 1993 .
If Beale Street Could Talk , James Baldwin 's fifth novel , is a love story set in Harlem in the early 1970s .
The Happy Isles of Oceania is a travel book written by writer Paul Theroux and published in 1992 .
An article on Player / Missile Graphics by De Re Atari coauthor Chris Crawford appeared in Compute ! in 1981 :
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Adolf von Baeyer ( German : ( ˈbaɪɐ ) ; October 31 , 1835 -- August 20 , 1917 ) was a German chemist who synthesized indigo , and was the 1905 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
Izaak Huru Doko ( also Izaac ; 20 November 1913 - 29 July 1985 ) is a National Hero of Indonesia .
Vasik Rajlich ( born 1971 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is an International Master in chess and the author of Rybka , previously one of the strongest chess playing programs in the world .
Bryan Westwood ( 1930 - 13 April 2000 ) was an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize twice , once for a portrait of Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating .
Dave Hardman ( born September 13 , 1960 ) is a pornographic actor and member of the AVN Hall of Fame .
Krodhi is a 1981 Indian Hindi film directed by Subhash Ghai and starring Dharmendra , Shashi Kapoor , Zeenat Aman , Pran , Premnath , Sachin , Ranjeeta and Hema Malini in an extended special appearance .
Cowgirls ' n Angels is a 2012 American family film starring Young Artist Award winner Bailee Madison , Oscar nominee James Cromwell , and Jackson Rathbone .
Beauty No . 1 is a 1965 film by Andy Warhol starring Edie Sedgwick , Kip Stagg aka Bima Stagg , and Chuck Wein .
Sci - Fighters is a 1996 action film starring Roddy Piper .
American Mary is a 2012 Canadian horror film starring Katharine Isabelle , Antonio Cupo , and Tristan Risk and written and directed by Jen and Sylvia Soska .
Wild Wild Winter is a 1966 Universal Pictures comedy film in the beach party genre , starring Gary Clarke and Chris Noel .
The Flaming Forties is a 1924 American Western silent film , the sixth of seven features which short - lived motion picture company Stellar Productions released in 1924 - -1925 as Producers Distributing Corporation vehicles for Harry Carey .
The Country Mouse is a 1914 American comedy silent film written and directed by Hobart Bosworth .
Laugh , Clown , Laugh is a 1928 silent film starring Lon Chaney and Loretta Young .
You 're Only Young Once ( 1937 ) is the second Andy Hardy movie , with Lewis Stone permanently replacing Lionel Barrymore as Judge Hardy , and Mickey Rooney appearing as his son Andy .
A Romance of the Western Hills is a 1910 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith , starring Mary Pickford and Blanche Sweet .
Rama Rama Krishna Krishna is a 2010 Telugu action drama film that stars Ram , Priya Anand and Bindu Madhavi in the lead role , whilst prominent actors Arjun Sarja , Nassar , Brahmanandam and Gracy Singh play pivotal roles .
The Youngest Profession is a 1943 film , directed by Edward Buzzell , and starring Virginia Weidler , Edward Arnold , John Carroll , Scotty Beckett , and Agnes Moorehead .
Anne Meara as Veronica Rooney ( 1979 - -1982 ) , the cook at Archie Bunker 's Place .
Hello , Mabel ( also known as On a Busy Wire ) is a 1914 American short silent comedy film produced and directed by Mack Sennett and starring Mabel Normand .
Operation Counterspy ( Italian : Asso di picche - Operazione controspionaggio , Spanish : As de pic , operación Contraespionaje , French : As de pic ) is a 1965 Italian - Spanish - French Eurospy film written and directed by Nick Nostro and starring George Ardisson .
Keeper of the City is a 1991 crime - action film directed by Bobby Roth and starring Louis Gossett Jr. , Anthony LaPaglia and Peter Coyote .
The Greeks Had a Word for Them ( 1932 ) , also known as Three Broadway Girls , is a Pre - Code comedy film directed by Lowell Sherman , produced by Samuel Goldwyn , and released by United Artists .
Let Not Man Put Asunder was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick , produced and directed by J. Stuart Blackton , and distributed by Vitagraph , a company Blackton co - founded .
The Left Handed Gun is a 1958 American western film and the film directorial debut of Arthur Penn , starring Paul Newman as Billy the Kid and John Dehner as Pat Garrett .
Sahebzaade is a Bollywood action film released in 1992 starring Sanjay Dutt and Neelam Kothari in title roles while some ensemble cast have supporting roles . The story is written by Ranbir Pushp .
Up Periscope is a 1959 World War II drama starring James Garner as a U.S. Navy Frogman fighting the Japanese .
The Agronomist is a 2003 American documentary directed by Jonathan Demme , and starring Jean Dominique .
Two - Minute Warning is a 1976 disaster film directed by Larry Peerce and starring Charlton Heston , John Cassavetes , Martin Balsam , Beau Bridges , Jack Klugman , Gena Rowlands , and David Janssen .
Prem Nazirine Kanmanilla is a 1983 Malayalam crime film starring Vijay Menon , Maniyanpilla Raju and Sreenivasan who play as kidnappers of Prem Nazir .
The Vengeance of Fu Manchu is a 1967 British film directed by Jeremy Summers starring Christopher Lee , Horst Frank , Douglas Wilmer and Tsai Chin .
Robin 's Nest is a British sitcom starring Richard O'Sullivan as Robin Tripp , one of the lead characters in the sitcom , Man About the House , which had ended on 7 April 1976 .
Women Who Flirt ( Chinese : 撒娇女人最好命 ) is a 2014 Chinese - Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Pang Ho - cheung and starring Zhou Xun , Huang Xiaoming , Xie Yilin and Sonia Sui .
The Tailor from Torzhok ( Russian : Закройщик из Торжка ) is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy film directed by Yakov Protazanov and starring Igor Ilyinsky .
The Relation of Face , Mind and Love ( Hangul : 내눈에 콩깍지 ; RR : Nae Nune Kkongkkakji ) is a 2009 South Korean - Japanese film starring Kang Ji - hwan and Lee Ji - ah .
Red Margaret , Moonshiner is a 1913 American silent short romance film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Pauline Bush and Murdock MacQuarrie , along with Lon Chaney .
Her Sport ( German : Ihr Sport ) is a 1919 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten , Georg H. Schnell and Hermann Thimig .
The Knight of the Dragon ( Spanish : El caballero del dragón ) , aka Star Knight , is a 1985 Spanish adventure film directed by Fernando Colomo and starring Klaus Kinski .
The Cat from Outer Space is a 1978 American comic science fiction film , starring Ronnie Schell , Ken Berry , Sandy Duncan , Harry Morgan , Roddy McDowall and McLean Stevenson .
The Voice of Conscience is a 1912 American silent short drama film starring Florence La Badie and Jean Darnell .
Severe Clear is a 2009 documentary film directed by American documentary maker Kristian Fraga , starring and using footage shot by First Lieutenant Mike Scotti of United States Marine Corps Bravo Company , 1st Battalion 4th Marines .
Masks and Faces is a 1917 British silent biographical film directed by Fred Paul and starring Johnston Forbes - Robertson , Irene Vanbrugh and Henry S. Irving .
When the Heart Sings ( Spanish : Cuando canta el corazón ) is a 1941 Argentine musical drama film directed by Richard Harlan and starring Hugo del Carril , Aída Luz and José Olarra .
The Feral Generation is an award winning British feature film written and directed by Welsh filmmaker Andrew Jones and starring Ray Panthaki and Brooke Kinsella in the leading roles .
Cry of the Werewolf , also known as Daughter of the Werewolf , is a 1944 film starring Nina Foch , based on a story by Griffin Jay and directed by Henry Levin .
In A Man 's Got ta Do , Eddy ( John Howard ) , lives with his wife , Yvonne ( Rebecca Frith ) , and their daughter , Chantelle ( Alyssa McClelland ) , in a new suburb in the Illawarra part , south of Sydney .
Yauwan is an Indian film from 1973 which stars Anil Dhawan , Yogeeta Bali , Sujit Kumar , and Kabir Bedi .
The Duty to Remain Silent ( German : Die Pflicht zu schweigen ) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Marcella Albani , Vivian Gibson , Angelo Ferrari .
Jewel of the Sahara is a 2001 film starring Gerard Butler , Clifford David as the old Francois Renard and Peter Franzén as the young Francois Renard .
How to Find the Ideal ( Ukrainian : Как найти идеал , Kak nayti ideal ) is a 2007 Ukrainian comedy directed by Vera Yakovenko and starring Armen Grigoryan .
Dulcie 's Adventure is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood starring Mary Miles Minter and Bessie Banks .
Television Talent is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Robert Edmunds and starring Richard Goolden , Hal Walters and Polly Ward .
Exorcismus ( Spanish : La posesión de Emma Evans ) is a 2010 Spanish - British horror film directed by Manuel Carballo and written by David Muñoz , it stars Sophie Vavasseur and Stephen Billington .
A Man 's Way is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres , starring William Garwood , Charlotte Burton and Louise Lester .
California Straight Ahead ! is a 1937 American film about truck drivers starring John Wayne and directed by Arthur Lubin .
A Climate for Killing ( also known as A Row of Crows ) is a 1991 American thriller - drama film written and directed by J. S. Cardone and starring John Beck , Katharine Ross , Steven Bauer and Mia Sara .
Double Impact is a 1991 American action film written and directed by Sheldon Lettich , and written , produced by and starring Jean - Claude Van Damme in a dual role as Chad and Alex Wagner .
Little Black Book is a 2004 satirical comedy film directed by Nick Hurran , and starring Brittany Murphy and Ron Livingston in the main roles .
No Maps for These Territories is an independent documentary film made by Mark Neale focusing on the speculative fiction author William Gibson .
Mannar Mathai Speaking is a 1995 Malayalam comedy film written by Siddique - Lal , produced and directed by Mani C. Kappan , and starring Mukesh , Saikumar , Innocent , Vani Viswanath , and Biju Menon in the main roles .
Our Blushing Brides is a 1930 American Pre - Code society comedy / romantic melodrama directed and produced by Harry Beaumont , and starring Joan Crawford , Robert Montgomery , Anita Page , and Dorothy Sebastian .
A Night in Old Mexico is a 2013 Spanish - American co - production film directed by Emilio Aragón about a man ( Robert Duvall ) and his grandson ( Jeremy Irvine ) .
Krishnan Love Story ( Kannada : ಕೃಷ್ಣನ್ ಲವ್ ಸ್ಟೋರಿ ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language action drama film written and directed by Shashank , and starring Ajay Rao , Radhika Pandit , Umashri , Achuth Kumar , Sharan , Pradeep , Harsha , Chandra .
Her Market Value is a 1925 American silent melodrama film directed by Paul Powell and starring Agnes Ayres .
God 's Angry Man is a 1981 documentary film about Gene Scott , directed by Werner Herzog .
With help of a moneylender Bawaji ( Sujit Kumar ) , Avtaar starts his own garage .
The Missing Wife ( German : Die verschwundene Frau ) is a 1929 Austrian silent film comedy crime film directed by Karl Leiter and starring Harry Halm , Iris Arlan and Mary Kid .
Art Heist is a 2004 film starring Ellen Pompeo , William Baldwin , and Spanish actor Abel Folk .
Mein Lieber Katrina Catches a Convict is a 1914 American silent comedy short starring Charlotte Burton , Harry De Vere , Perry Banks , Edith Borella , Ida Lewis , and John Steppling .
The Broken Giant is a 1998 American drama film written and directed by Estep Nagy and starring John Glover , Brooke Smith , and Will Arnett .
Fanthomas is a Norwegian 2D cartoon comedy series , written by the Norwegian comedian Anders Bye .
Mother Wore Tights is a 1947 Technicolor musical film starring Betty Grable and Dan Dailey as married vaudeville performers , directed by Walter Lang .
Bhindi Baazaar Inc. is a Hindi thriller directed by Ankush Bhatt and produced by Karan Arora , starring Kay Kay Menon , Piyush Mishra , Prashant Narayanan , Deepti Naval , Gautham K Sharma , Shilpa Shukla , Pawan Malhotra .
Finding Graceland is a 1998 American film starring Harvey Keitel , Johnathon Schaech , Bridget Fonda , and Gretchen Mol . The film features a character who claims to be an alive - and - well Elvis , years after staging his death .
For Her Father 's Sake is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Owen Nares , Isobel Elsom and James Lindsay .
Undercover Men is a 1938 American - Canadian action film directed by Sam Newfield and starring Charles Starrett , Adrienne Dore and Kenne Duncan .
A Halfway House Christmas is a 2005 film written and directed by Eric Moyer and produced by Frank Carney which starred Robert Romanus , an American actor who has starred in film and television .
Kachche Dhaage is a 1999 Hindi action thriller film directed by Milan Luthria and starring Ajay Devgan , Saif Ali Khan and Manisha Koirala .
Kelly the Second is a 1936 Hal Roach / MGM film starring Patsy Kelly , Guinn Williams , and Charley Chase .
Reuben , Reuben is a 1983 comedy - drama film starring Tom Conti , Kelly McGillis ( in her film debut ) , Roberts Blossom , Cynthia Harris , and Joel Fabiani .
Imprisoned Soul ( German : Gefangene Seele ) is a German silent drama film of 1917 directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten , Paul Bildt , and Curt Goetz .
His Faith in Humanity is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres , starring William Garwood , Louise Lester and Vivian Rich .
Our Little Girl is a 1935 drama , in which Shirley Temple and Joel McCrea play the leading roles .
The Opportunists is a 2000 British - American crime drama film , written and directed by Myles Connell , and starring Christopher Walken , Cyndi Lauper , Donal Logue , and Vera Farmiga .
Wild Texas Wind is an 1991 American made - for - television drama film distributed by Sandollar Productions , directed by Joan Tewkesbury and starring Dolly Parton , Gary Busey , and Ray Benson .
The Fighting Tailor is a 1926 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director , Benjamin Stoloff starring George Harris and Barbara Luddy .
Rathnagiri Rahasya ( Kannada : ರತ್ನಗಿರಿ ರಹಸ್ಯ ) is a 1957 Kannada language mystery - adventure - fantasy film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu and starring Udaykumar and Jamuna in the lead roles .
Delightful Story ( Czech : Rozkosný príbeh ) is a 1936 Czech operetta film directed by Vladimír Slavínský and starring Vera Ferbasová , Zita Kabátová and Frantisek Kristof - Veselý .
Sangraam is 1993 Hindi movie directed by Lawrence D'Souza and starring Ajay Devgn , Karishma Kapoor , Ayesha Jhulka , Amrish Puri .
Cherry 2000 is a 1987 science fiction cult film starring Melanie Griffith and David Andrews .
Face / Off is a 1997 American science - fiction action directed by John Woo and starring John Travolta and Nicolas Cage .
Let 's All Hate Toronto is a 2007 Canadian documentary film co - directed by independent documentarian Albert Nerenberg and Rob Spence .
A Few Days of Respite ( French : Quelques jours de répit ) is a 2011 French - Algerian drama film written and directed by Amor Hakkar .
Samourais is a 2002 martial arts film starring Cyril Mourali , Jean - François Lénogue , Mai Anh Le and Yasuaki Kurata .
I by Day , You by Night ( German : Ich bei Tag und du bei Nacht ) is a 1932 German musical comedy film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Käthe von Nagy , Willy Fritsch and Amanda Lindner .
Despite the title , he is never addressed as `` Rover Dangerfield '' Susan Boyd as Daisy , Rover 's love interest Ronnie Schell as Eddie , Rover 's loyal best friend .
Deewana Main Deewana is a 2013 Bollywood romantic comedy film starring Govinda , Priyanka Chopra , Kader Khan , Prem Chopra , Johnny Lever and Shakti Kapoor directed by K. C. Bokadia .
The Love Light is a 1921 silent drama film starring Mary Pickford .
Twenty Thousand Dollars for Seven ( Italian : Kidnapping ! Paga o uccidiamo tuo figlio , also known as 20.000 dollari sporchi di sangue ) is an Italian Spaghetti Western film starring Brett Halsey .
The Kingdom of the Fairies ( French : Le Royaume des fées ) , initially released in the United States as Fairyland , or the Kingdom of the Fairies and in Great Britain as The Wonders of the Deep , or Kingdom of the Fairies , is a 1903 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Magnum Force is a 1973 American action film and the second to feature Clint Eastwood as maverick cop Harry Callahan after the 1971 film Dirty Harry .
Black Cloud ( Eddie Spears ) , a young Navajo man , must take a journey of personal growth to prepare himself for a chance at boxing in the Olympics .
99 and 44/100 % Dead is a 1974 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Richard Harris .
Naalaiya Theerpu ( Tomorrow 's Verdict ) is a Tamil film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced and written by his wife Shoba Chandrasekhar which marked the debut of the their son Vijay in the lead role alongside Keerthana and Easwari Rao .
Wanted , a Boy is a 1924 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Sydney Fairbrother , Lionelle Howard and Pauline Johnson .
Under the Domim Tree ( Hebrew : עץ הדומים תפוס‎ ) is a 1994 Israeli film based on the 1992 book of the same name by Gila Almagor .
Parunthu ( English : Eagle ) is a 2008 Malayalam film by M. Padmakumar starring Mammootty and Jayasurya .
Girls Nite Out ( also known as The Scaremaker ) is a 1982 American slasher film written and produced by Anthony N. Gurvis , directed by Robert Deubel and stars Julia Montgomery , Suzanne Barnes , Rutanya Alda , and Hal Holbrook .
Onsdagsväninnan is a 1946 Swedish film directed by Sture Lagerwall and Alice O'Fredericks .
Winged Devils ( Italian : Forza `` G '' , literally `` G '' Force ) is a 1972 Italian adventure - comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari .
Prem Poojari ( Malayalam : പ്രേം പൂജാരി ) is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by Hariharan , starring Kunchacko Boban , Shalini and Vineeth .
The Specialist is a 1994 American action film directed by Luis Llosa , starring Sylvester Stallone , Sharon Stone and James Woods .
At War in the Diamond Fields ( German : I m Kampf um Diamantenfelder ) is a 1921 German silent adventure film directed by Hans Schomburgk and starring Oskar Marion , Meg Gehrts - Schomburgk and Willy Kaiser - Heyl .
Mindhunters is a 2004 American - British crime thriller film directed by Renny Harlin and starring Jonny Lee Miller , Kathryn Morris , LL Cool J , Patricia Velásquez , Clifton Collins , Jr. , Christian Slater and Val Kilmer .
Dadar Kirti ( Bengali : দাদার কীর্তি ) ( Deeds of my elder brother ) ( 1980 ) is a Bengali comic - romantic film starring Tapas Paul , Mahua Roychoudhury , Ayan Banerjee and Debasree Roy .
Anant Nag as Parashuram R. Rao Vanisri as Ansuya P. Rao , Parashuram 's Wife Smita Patil as Parvati Venu as Vasu Satyadev Dubey as Ramanayye Master Amrish Puri as Konduraswamy Shekhar Chatterjee as Bhairavamoorthy Sulabha Deshpande as Kanthamma
Mythili Ennai Kaathali ( Tamil : மைதிலி என்னை காதலி ) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film , directed by Vijaya T. Rajendar and produced by Usha Rajendar .
Half Past Dead 2 is a 2007 American action film directed by Art Camacho , and starring Bill Goldberg and Kurupt .
Luksang Tagumpay is a 1956 Filipino drama film by Gregorio Fernandez starring Jaime de la Rosa , Delia Razon and Rudy Fernandez .
Dr. Jack is a 1922 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd .
Mr. Gibb ( released on DVD as The Good Student ) is a 2006 American dark comedy drama film starring Tim Daly and Hayden Panettiere .
Sam ( Concepcion ) and Cheska ( Ortega ) are on their way to fulfilling their pop dreams as the most promising students in their Pop Class ( a Pop Performance Workshop Class they have religiously attended every summer since they were kids ) .
Je suis né d'une cigogne ( English : Children of the Stork ) is a 1999 French road movie directed by Tony Gatlif , starring Romain Duris , Rona Hartner , Ouassini Embarek , Christine Pignet and Marc Nouyrigat .
Repati Pourulu is a 1986 Telugu language film directed by T. Krishna and starring Rajasekhar , Vijayashanti , and Anuradha .
Hell Up in Harlem is a 1973 blaxploitation film , starring Fred Williamson and Gloria Hendry .
Shaapit is a 2010 Bollywood horror film directed by Vikram Bhatt , starring Aditya Narayan , Rahul Dev , Shweta Agarwal and Shubh Joshi in the lead roles .
Um Null Uhr schnappt die Falle zu is a 1966 German thriller film directed by Harald Philipp and starring George Nader , Horst Frank and Heinz Weiss .
Dnestrovskiye melodii ( Russian : Днестровские мелодии ) is a 1973 Soviet Moldavian musical film starring Sofia Rotaru in the main role , as well as Ion Suruceanu , Nadezhda Chepraga and Maria Cudreanu .
Something in the Wind is a 1947 American musical comedy film directed by Irving Pichel and starring Deanna Durbin , Donald O'Connor , and John Dall .
When Nature Calls is a 1985 spoof comedy written and directed by Charles Kaufman and starring Academy Award nominee David Strathairn in an early performance .
Profit and the Loss is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and Eliot Stannard and starring James Carew , Randle Ayrton and Margaret Halstan .
Fiebre , also known as Fever , is a 1971 Argentine sexploitation film directed , produced and written by Armando Bó and starring Isabel Sarli .
Hold That Co - ed is a 1938 comedy film directed by George Marshall , starring John Barrymore , George Murphy and Marjorie Weaver .
Hooked Bear is a 1956 short film in the Humphrey the Bear series .
Perdóname Todo ( English : Forgive Me Everything ) is a 1995 Mexican drama film starring José José , Alejandra Ávalos and Sergio Jiménez .
Good Fences , starring Whoopi Goldberg , Danny Glover , Ryan Michelle Bathe Ashley Archer and Mo'Nique , is a made - for - TV movie that debuted in 2003 .
El Retorno del Hombre Lobo ( Return of the Wolfman ) is a 1981 Spanish horror film that is the ninth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky , played by Paul Naschy .
Five Minutes to Love ( originally known as The Rotten Apple and It Only Takes Five Minutes ) is a 1963 American drama film directed by John Hayes and starring Rue McClanahan as Poochie , a woman who lives in a junkyard .
Aazmayish is a 1995 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra , Anjali Jathar and producer Mohan Kumar 's son Rohit Kumar in his debut .
Nervous Night is a 1986 film starring American rock band The Hooters and directed by John Charles Jopson .
Let 's Get Skase is a 2001 Australian comedy starring Lachy Hulme , Alex Dimitriades , Craig McLachlan and Bill Kerr .
The Gay Desperado ( 1936 ) is a comedy film starring Ida Lupino , Leo Carrillo , and Nino Martini and directed by Rouben Mamoulian , produced by Mary Pickford , and originally released by United Artists .
Sette note in nero stars Jennifer O'Neill , Gianni Garko and Marc Porel .
A Global Affair is a 1964 film directed by Jack Arnold , and starring Bob Hope , Michele Mercier , and Yvonne De Carlo .
Ready , Steady , Charlie ! ( Ge . Achtung , fertig , Charlie ! ) is a 2003 Swiss movie production directed by Mike Eschmann , starring newcomer Michael Koch , beauty queen Melanie Winiger and comedian Marco Rima .
It Happened Thus is a 1912 American silent short romantic drama starring Charlotte Burton and Owen Moore .
The Revenge of Roger ( French : La revanche de Roger la Honte ) is a 1946 French historical crime film directed by André Cayatte and starring Lucien Coëdel , María Casares and Paul Bernard .
Turn of the Tide ( 1935 ) is a British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring John Garrick , Geraldine Fitzgerald , and Wilfrid Lawson , and was the first feature film made by J. Arthur Rank .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a 2011 American science fiction film directed by Rupert Wyatt and starring James Franco , Freida Pinto , John Lithgow , Brian Cox , Tom Felton , David Oyelowo , and Andy Serkis .
The Jewel of the Nile is a 1985 action - adventure romantic comedy and a sequel to the 1984 film Romancing the Stone , with Michael Douglas , Kathleen Turner , and Danny DeVito reprising their roles .
Crossworlds is a 1997 science fiction film starring Rutger Hauer , Josh Charles , Andrea Roth , Stuart Wilson and Jack Black , and directed by Krishna Rao .
Mabel 's Strange Predicament is a 1914 American film starring Mabel Normand and Charles Chaplin , notable for being the first film for which Chaplin donned The Tramp costume .
Following her mother 's death , Ponette 's father ( Xavier Beauvois ) leaves the young girl with her Aunt Claire ( Claire Nebout ) , and her cousins Matiaz ( Matiaz Bureau Caton ) and Delphine ( Delphine Schiltz ) .
The Damned Do n't Cry ! is a 1950 American Film Noir drama film directed by Vincent Sherman and featuring Joan Crawford , David Brian , and Steve Cochran tells of a woman 's involvement with an organized crime boss and his subordinates .
Sooli ( voiced by Cree Summer ) - Sooli is another Cro - Magnon who got separated from her tribe and Cro and Pakka help her find her favorite horse .
Billy Jack Goes to Washington is a 1977 film starring Tom Laughlin , the fourth film in the Billy Jack series , and although the earlier films saw enormous success , this film did not .
Sensitività ( internationally released as The House by the Edge of the Lake , also known as Diabla ) is a 1979 Italian horror film directed by Enzo G. Castellari .
The Ghost and Mrs. Muir ( 1947 ) is a romantic fantasy film starring Gene Tierney and Rex Harrison .
The Pittsburgh Kid is a 1941 American sports film directed by Jack Townley and starring Billy Conn , Jean Parker and Dick Purcell .
Mazloom is a 1986 Bollywood film directed by C.P. Dixit , starring Suresh Oberoi , Anita Raj and Mandakini in lead roles .
Krishnanunni ( Dileep ) is the Kaaryasthan ( Manager ) of Puthezhathu Tharavadu and Kalidas ( Salim Kumar ) is the Kaaryasthan of Kizhakkedathu Tharavadu .
The Widow 's Investment is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring Charlotte Burton , Sydney Ayres , Jack Richardson , Perry Banks , Edith Borella , Caroline Cooke , Vivian Rich , and Harry Van Meter .
First Day High is a 2006 Philippine comedy film starring Geoff Eigenmann , Jason Abalos and Maja Salvador with Gerald Anderson and Kim Chiu in their film debut .
Drishya ( Kannada : ದೃಶ್ಯ , English : Visual ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada language drama thriller film directed by P. Vasu and starring V. Ravichandran and Navya Nair in the lead roles .
The Little Teacher is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Fatty Arbuckle , and directed by Mack Sennett .
Unsolved Mysteries is an American television program , hosted by Robert Stack from 1987 to 2002 and later by Dennis Farina starting in 2008 .
An Elephant Called Slowly is a 1969 Morning Star Productions Ltd. feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna as themselves in a story about the couple 's real - life adventures with three young African elephants while house - sitting in Kenya .
The Devil 's Messenger is a 1961 anthology horror film starring Lon Chaney Jr. In this feature version of the 1959 Swedish TV series 13 Demon Street , a 50,000-year - old woman is found frozen in an ice field , and a man 's death is foretold in dreams .
Saptapadii ( Gujarati : સપ્તપદી ) is 2013 Gujarati film produced by Amitabh Bachchan Corporation starring Manav Gohil and Swaroop Sampat in leading roles .
Major Dundee is a 1965 Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Charlton Heston , Richard Harris , Jim Hutton , and James Coburn .
Shah Rukh Khan as Ram Jaane Juhi Chawla as Bela Vivek Mushran as Murli Pankaj Kapoor as Bannu Technicolor Puneet Issar as Inspector Chewte Tinnu Anand as Sameer Sanavla Deven Verma as Daddu Uncle Gulshan Grover as Bhau
The Black Waters of Echo 's Pond is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Italo - American filmmaker Gabriel Bologna and stars Robert Patrick , Danielle Harris and James Duval .
Mr. Jealousy is a 1997 romantic comedy film written and directed by Noah Baumbach and starring Eric Stoltz and Annabella Sciorra .
The Carol Burnett Show ( also Carol Burnett and Friends in syndication ) is an American variety / sketch comedy television show starring Carol Burnett , Harvey Korman , Vicki Lawrence and Lyle Waggoner .
War Arrow is a 1953 western film directed by George Sherman based on the Seminole Scouts and starring Jeff Chandler and Maureen O'Hara .
The Soloist is a 2009 British - American drama film directed by Joe Wright , and starring Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey , Jr ..
Passions , He Had Three is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand .
Between Us Girls is a 1942 American drama film directed by Henry Koster and starring Diana Barrymore , Kay Francis , Robert Cummings , John Boles , Andy Devine , and Scotty Beckett .
Then - reigning Emperor Xuānzong allowed his son Wang Shaoding to inherit the circuit , and bestowed the posthumous honor of Taishi ( 太師 ) on Wang Yuankui .
Márcio Valadão , husband of Renata Valadão and father of Ana Paula , André and Mariana Valadão , is the senior pastor and leader of the Lagoinha Baptist Church which has more than 60,000 members .
Iotapa bore Alexander three children : two sons Gaius Julius Agrippa , Gaius Julius Alexander Berenicianus and a daughter Julia Iotapa .
Ser Petracco ( Pietro di Parenzo di Garzo ; 1267 - -1326 ) was the father to the Italian poet Francesco Petrarch .
Toussaud was the dam of five graded stakes winners , including champion sires and Grade 1 winners Chester House and Empire Maker .
Waldemar Semelka flew over 240 missions and scored 65 victories ( some sources say 75 victories ) , all over the Eastern Front .
Sergeant James McKinley Hargreaves DCM was a Scottish World War I flying ace .
The Northumberland County Division was a formation of the British Army formed in World War II on 24 February 1941 .
William Farrar Smith ( February 17 , 1824 -- February 28 , 1903 ) , known as `` Baldy '' Smith , was a Union general in the American Civil War , notable for attracting the extremes of glory and blame .
Colonel Sir Archibald David Stirling , DSO , OBE ( 15 November 1915 -- 4 November 1990 ) was a British mountaineer , World War II British Army officer , and the founder of the Special Air Service .
Spark Point , also Canto Point , is a rocky point forming the northwest side of the entrance to both Discovery Bay and Galápagos Cove , and the east side of the entrance to Jambelí Cove in the northeast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
The Krall Crags ( 77 ° 27′S 166 ° 49′E ) are two rock summits rising to over 1,400 metres ( 4,600 ft ) on the northwestern slope of Mount Erebus , Ross Island , Antarctica .
The Commonwealth Range is a north - south trending range of rugged mountains , 144 kilometres ( 89 mi ) long , located within the Queen Maud Mountains on the Dufek Coast of the continent of Antarctica .
Vietnam ( UK /ˌvjɛtˈnæm , -ˈnɑːm/ , US i/ˌviːətˈnɑːm , -ˈnæm/ ; Vietnamese : Việt Nam ( viət˨ næm˧ ) ) , officially the Socialist Republic of Vietnam ( SRV ; Vietnamese : Cộng Hòa Xã Hội Chủ Nghĩa Việt Nam ( listen ) ) , is the easternmost country on the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia .
McSaveney Spur ( 77 ° 17′S 160 ° 37′E ) is a prominent rock spur 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of Mount Bastion in the Willett Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kelley Nunatak ( 85 ° 39′S 146 ° 44′W ) is a nunatak on the north side of Leverett Glacier in Antarctica , 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) northeast of Mount Gould .
Goreme Col ( Bulgarian : Горемска седловина , `` Goremska Sedlovina '' \go-'rem - ska se - dlo - vi-'na\ ) is the col of elevation 2700 m linking Doyran Heights to the east to Mount Mohl on the northeast side of Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica .
Lizards Foot ( 77 ° 13′S 162 ° 52′E ) is a rocky spur forming the east end of the Saint Johns Range in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Frazier Islands are a group of three rocky islands - Nelly , Dewart and Charlton - in the eastern part of Vincennes Bay , East Antarctica , 15 km ( 9 mi ) west - north - west of Clark Peninsula , and 16 km offshore from Australia 's Casey Station .
McManus Glacier ( 69 ° 28′S 71 ° 27′W ) is a glacier flowing north into Palestrina Glacier , in northwestern Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Cape Monakov ( 67 ° 9′S 48 ° 41′E ) is a cape on the west coast of Sakellari Peninsula , Enderby Land , Antarctica .
Gossard Channel ( 66 ° 5′S 101 ° 13′E ) is a narrow channel extending in an east -- west direction between the Mariner Islands and Booth Peninsula in the central portion of the Highjump Archipelago , Antarctica .
Guile Island ( 65 ° 44′S 65 ° 11′W ) is an island lying 1 nautical mile ( 2 km ) southwest of Duchaylard Island , in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica .
Mount Fidjeland ( 71 ° 42′S 25 ° 36′E ) is a mountain , 1,630 metres ( 5,350 ft ) high , standing close northeast of Mehaugen Hill on the west side of the mouth of Byrdbreen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica .
Lettau Bluff ( 76 ° 57′S 167 ° 0′E ) is a rock and ice bluff that forms the central part of the western edge of Beaufort Island , and rises 200 metres ( 660 ft ) above the Ross Sea off Antarctica .
The Bermel Peninsula is a rugged , mountainous peninsula , approximately 15 mi ( 24 km ) long and 7 mi ( 11 km ) wide , located at 68 ° 27′S 65 ° 22′W between Solberg Inlet and Mobiloil Inlet on the Bowman Coast , Graham Land , Antarctica .
The Anckorn Nunataks ( 70 ° 14′S 63 ° 12′W ) are a group of nunataks and snow - covered hills , 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) long , between Mount Bailey and Mount Samsel in the eastern part of Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station ( Polish : Polska Stacja Antarktyczna i m . Henryka Arctowskiego ) is a research station on King George Island , off the coast of Antarctica .
Johnson Bluff ( 84 ° 49′S 170 ° 31′E ) is a conspicuous rock bluff 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) east - northeast of Ranfurly Point , overlooking the east side of Keltie Glacier at its confluence with Beardmore Glacier , Antarctica .
Mount Leckie ( 70 ° 26′S 66 ° 0′E ) is a roughly circular outcrop about 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of Martin Massif in the Porthos Range , Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
Vergilov Ridge ( Bulgarian : Вергилов хребет , ' Vergilov Hrebet ' \ver-'gi - lov ' hre - bet\ ) is a submarine ridge in South Bay , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Mount Freeman ( 72 ° 43′S 168 ° 21′E ) is a prominent mountain , 2,880 metres ( 9,450 ft ) high , surmounting the base of Walker Ridge , 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) northwest of Mount Lepanto , in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Grinder Island is one of the ice - covered islands in the Marshall Archipelago , located within the Sulzberger Ice Shelf off the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Hervéou Point ( 65 ° 4′S 64 ° 3′W ) is a point forming the western extremity of the rocky peninsula between Port Charcot and Salpetriere Bay , on the west side of Booth Island in the Wilhelm Archipelago , Antarctica .
Kistler Valley ( 82 ° 30′S 51 ° 30′W ) is a mostly ice - filled valley in the east - central part of Dufek Massif , Pensacola Mountains , Antarctica .
The Byrd Glacier is a major glacier in Antarctica , about 136 km long and 24 km wide , draining an extensive area of the polar plateau and flowing eastward between the Britannia Range and Churchill Mountains to discharge into the Ross Ice Shelf at Barne Inlet .
The FitzGerald Bluffs ( 74 ° 3′S 77 ° 20′W ) are prominent north - facing bluffs , 9 nautical miles ( 17 km ) long , located 30 nautical miles ( 56 km ) south of the Snow Nunataks in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
The core quality from the Dome Fuji station , East Antarctica , is excellent even in the brittle zone from 500 to 860 m deep , where the ice is fragile during the ' in situ ' core - cutting procedure .
Lower Jaw Glacier ( 78 ° 22′S 162 ° 57′E ) is the south branch of the glacier on the eastern side of the ridge running north from Shark Fin , a peak in Antarctica .
Ravda Peak ( Vrah Ravda \'vr&h ' rav - da\ ) is a rocky peak of elevation 664 m in Levski Ridge , Tangra Mountains , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Godech Nunatak ( Godechki Nunatak \go-'dech - ki ' nu - na - tak\ ) is a rocky 410 m peak in lower Huron Glacier , in the north foothills of Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island , South Shetland Islands in Antarctica .
Knuckle Reef ( 67 ° 50′S 67 ° 22′W ) is a reef lying off Beacon Head , Horseshoe Island , Antarctica .
Dobrich Knoll ( Dobrichka Mogila \'do - brich - ka mo-'gi - la\ ) rises to over 400 m in the middle of Veleka Ridge , Tangra Mountains , eastern Livingston Island in Antarctica .
The Longhorn Spurs ( 84 ° 36′S 174 ° 45′W ) form a high ridge , 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long , extending north from the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica between Massam Glacier and Barrett Glacier to the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf .
The Katanga Supergroup is a Neoproterozoic sequence of geological formations found in central Africa .
Kotrag Nunatak ( Nunatak Kotrag \'nu - na - tak ko-'trag\ ) is a conspicuous rocky peak of elevation 290 m projecting from Murgash Glacier , Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
East Stack ( 67 ° 5′S 58 ° 12′E ) is a coastal rock outcrop which rises to 60 metres ( 200 ft ) on the east side of Hoseason Glacier , 16 nautical miles ( 30 km ) southeast of Edward VIII Bay in Antarctica .
Paramun Buttress ( Bulgarian : Парамунски рид , `` Paramunski Rid '' \pa - ra-'mun - ski ' rid\ ) is the ice - covered buttress rising to 1500 m on the southeast side of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica , and situated between tributaries to Edgeworth Glacier .
Great Britain , also known as Britain i/ˈbrɪ.tən/ , is an island in the North Atlantic off the north - west coast of continental Europe .
Kubitza Glacier ( 70 ° 24′S 63 ° 11′W ) is a northern tributary glacier to the Clifford Glacier , joining it just east of Mount Samsel in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
Midgley Island ( 66 ° 20′S 110 ° 24′E ) is a rocky island , 0.8 nautical miles ( 1.5 km ) long , lying immediately south of Hollin Island in the Windmill Islands of Antarctica .
English Strait is the 10.5-mile ( 17-km ) long and 1.2-mile ( 2-km ) wide strait lying between Greenwich Island and Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Alepu Rocks ( Bulgarian : скали Алепу , `` Skali Alepu '' \ska-'li a - le-'pu\ ) is the group of rocks off the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica , situated in an area with a diameter of 380 m ( 416 yd ) .
The McCuddin Mountains is a small cluster of mountains in Antarctica consisting mainly of two large mountains , Mount Flint and Mount Petras , along with several scattered peaks and nunataks .
Palestrina Glacier ( 69 ° 21′S 71 ° 35′W ) is a glacier lying in the northern portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica , 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) long and 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) wide , flowing west from Nichols Snowfield into Lazarev Bay .
Mount Reina Sofía ( Spanish : Monte Reina Sofía ) is the mostly ice - free peak rising to 275 m on Hurd Peninsula , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica and surmounting Johnsons Glacier to the east and northeast , and the Spanish Antarctic base Juan Carlos Primero to the north - northwest .
Bishop Glacier ( 69 ° 42′S 71 ° 27′W ) is a glacier flowing southwest into the Mozart Ice Piedmont , situated in the northwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Loftus Glacier ( 77 ° 33′S 162 ° 47′E ) is a valley glacier between Mount Weyant and Mount McLennan , which flows north to join Newall Glacier in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Samuel Peak is the 540 m peak in central Vidin Heights , Livingston Island , in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Random Hills ( 74 ° 7′S 164 ° 25′E ) are a group of rugged hills in Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Kiletangen Ice Tongue ( 69 ° 57′S 26 ° 25′E ) is a narrow projection of the ice shelf on the east side of Tangekilen Bay , along the coast of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Ilarion Ridge is a partly ice - free ridge of elevation 240 m situated in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island , Antarctica .
Telefon Bay is a small bay on the north - west coast of Port Foster , Deception Island , in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica .
Marr Bay ( 60 ° 42′S 44 ° 31′W ) is a bay lying between Cape Valavielle and Fraser Point along the north coast of Laurie Island , in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica .
Viking Valley ( 71 ° 53′S 68 ° 21′W ) is a valley lying on the east side of Mars Glacier containing a braided stream which feeds into Secret Lake , situated in the southeast corner of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Byrd Subglacial Basin ( 80 ° S 115 ° W ) is a major subglacial basin of West Antarctica , extending east - west between the Crary Mountains and the Ellsworth Mountains .
Witches Cauldron ( 69 ° 56′S 69 ° 49′W ) is an ice - filled basin on the west side of the Douglas Range , immediately west of Mount Egbert in the north part of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Siebert Rock ( 64 ° 49′S 63 ° 2′W ) is a rock off the southwest point of Lemaire Island in the entrance to Lientur Channel , Danco Coast , Graham Land , Antarctica .
Mount Marsden ( 67 ° 52′S 66 ° 3′E ) is a bare rock mountain , 600 metres ( 2,000 ft ) high , lying 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) southwest of Mount Rivett in the Gustav Bull Mountains of Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica .
Depending on how it is measured , the Rio Grande is the fourth- or fifth - longest river system in North America .
Mount Rhamnus ( 68 ° 11′S 66 ° 50′W ) is a mountain in Antarctica .
Emerald Nunatak ( 69 ° 39′S 69 ° 59′W ) is a nunatak 1,250 metres ( 4,100 ft ) high on the west side of the Douglas Range near the head of Hampton Glacier in northeast Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Petroff Point ( Bulgarian : Петров нос , `` Petrov Nos '' \pe-'trov ' nos\ ) is a rocky point on the east coast of Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica projecting northeastwards 1.2 km into Hill Bay .
Gargoyle Ridge ( 82 ° 24′S 159 ° 30′E ) is a high rock ridge forming the south end of the Cobham Range in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica .
Mount Hallgren ( 73 ° 23′S 3 ° 22′W ) is a mountain , largely ice - covered , with a steep , rocky northern face , situated 27 nautical miles ( 50 km ) southwest of the Neumayer Cliffs in the Kirwan Escarpment , Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Mount Monteagle ( 73 ° 43′S 165 ° 28′E ) is a high , sharp peak , 2,780 metres ( 9,120 ft ) high , standing 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) north of Cape Sibbald in the Mountaineer Range of Victoria Land , Antarctica .
Flanagan Glacier ( 79 ° 29′S 82 ° 42′W ) is a glacier in the Pioneer Heights of the Heritage Range , Antarctica , draining east from Thompson Escarpment between the Gross Hills and the Nimbus Hills to the confluent ice at the lower end of Union Glacier .
Bifrost Ledge ( 77 ° 35′S 162 ° 11′E ) is a flat benchlike feature in Antarctica that rises to 1,750 metres ( 5,740 ft ) on the north side of Mount Holm - Hansen in the Asgard Range , McMurdo Dry Valleys .
Mascías Cove ( 64 ° 54′S 63 ° 1′W ) is a cove indenting the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica , immediately east of Mount Banck .
Lambert Nunatak ( 75 ° 25′S 137 ° 54′W ) is a rock nunatak that protrudes through the snow mantle of the southeastern Coulter Heights , near the coast of Marie Byrd Land , Antarctica .
Valična Vas ( pronounced ( ʋaˈliːtʃna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Valična vas ) is a village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Tuuri is a village in Alavus , a city of Finland .
Okrog pri Motniku ( pronounced ( ɔˈkɾoːk pɾi mɔˈtniːku ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Nir Yitzhak ( Hebrew : נִיר יִצְחָק , Yitzhak 's Meadow ) is a kibbutz in the northwestern Negev desert of Israel .
The Grande Parel ( 2,725 m ) is a mountain in the Beaufortain massif in Savoie , France .
Romagnano Sesia railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Romagnano Sesia ) is the train station serving the comune of Romagnano Sesia , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
Bonar - e Soleymani ( Persian : بنارسليماني‎ , also Romanized as Bonār - e Soleymānī ; also known as Bonār , Bonār - e Zīārat , and Bunār ) is a village in Dashti - ye Esmail Khani Rural District , Ab Pakhsh District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Barricades ( Latvian : Barikādes ) were a series of confrontations between Latvia and forces loyal to the Soviet Union in January 1991 which took place mainly in Riga .
Chol Kiri District ( Khmer : ស្រុកជលគីរី ) is a district ( srok ) in the east of Kampong Chhnang Province , in central Cambodia .
Santissima Trinità delle Monache is a large former monastery and church in central Naples , Italy ; it now serves as a military hospital .
Grivče ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾiːu̯tʃɛ ) ) is a settlement on the northern outskirts of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Parož ( pronounced ( ˈpaːɾɔʃ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the upper valley of Dobrnica Creek , a minor right tributary of the Hudinja River , in Slovenia .
The Canton of Les Riceys is one of the 17 cantons of the Aube department , in northern France .
Tall - e Siasat ( Persian : تل سياست‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Sīāsat and Tol Sīāsat ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Snaefell Mountain Course or Mountain Course is a road - racing street circuit used for the Isle of Man TT since 1911 and Manx Grand Prix races from 1923 in the Isle of Man .
The Kalutara Balika National School is a Buddhist girl 's school in Kalutara , Sri Lanka .
Hadiach ( Ukrainian : Гáдяч , Russian : Гáдяч , Polish : Hadziacz ) , sometimes spelled Hadyach , Gadyach , Gadiach , or Hadziacz , is a city of regional significance in Poltava Oblast ( province ) in the central - east part of Ukraine .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammadabad ( Persian : مزرعه محمداباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Khorrami Rural District , in the Central District of Khorrambid County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Sløsse is a small town in southern Denmark , on the island Lolland .
The river Łutownia ( Polish pronunciation : ( wuˈtɔvɲa ) ; Belarusian : Лутоўня ) , in north - eastern Poland , is a left - bank tributary of the Narewka river .
Mbini is a town in Rio Muni , Equatorial Guinea , lying at the mouth of the Benito River .
Gabrovo ( Bulgarian : Габрово ) is a city in central northern Bulgaria , the administrative centre of Gabrovo Province .
Spodnje Jablane ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈjaːblanɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia .
Kikwete Bridge is a bridge currently under construction in Tanzania across the Malagarasi River .
Beit Jinn ( Arabic : بيت جن‎ ) is a town in southern Syria , administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate , located southwest of Damascus on the foothills of Mount Hermon .
The Rocca Abbaziale ( also called the Rocca dei Borgia ) is an abbey , designed as a castle , in Subiaco , Lazio , Italy .
Wolseley Road is the most expensive residential road / street in Australia and its status stands as Australia 's ultimate address , with 16 of the top 100 most expensive houses in Sydney being located on this road .
The Australasian Post , commonly called the Aussie Post , was Australia 's longest - running weekly picture magazine .
Robati Shahzadeh ( Persian : رباطي شاهزاده‎ , also Romanized as Robāţī Shāhzādeh ) is a village in Taghenkoh - e Shomali Rural District , Taghenkoh District , Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pecaut Square is a large concrete - and granite - clad plaza located in front of Metro Hall in Toronto , Canada .
Saint George Hospital University Medical Center is the oldest Lebanese hospital founded in 1878 and one of the three leading Lebanese medical centers , located in Achrafieh , Beirut , Lebanon .
Morgonbris , full title Morgonbris : arbeterskornas tidning ( meaning `` Morning Breeze : Journal for working women '' ) , is the magazine of the Social Democratic Women in Sweden .
Qaleh Qafeh ( Persian : قلعه قافه‎ , also Romanized as Qal’eh Qafeh ) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Leylan ( Persian : ليلان‎ ; also Romanized as Leylān , Lailān , and Laylān ) is a city in and the capital of Leylan District , in Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gorzanowice ( ɡɔʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Ober Hohendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
South Wairarapa District is at the south - east tip of the North Island of New Zealand .
The Goldfields Railway is a heritage railway that operates between Waihi and Waikino in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Shizhu County Railway Station is a railway station currently being built in Chongqing City , People 's Republic of China , on the Yuli Railway operated by the Ministry of Railways of the PRC .
Hoora ( Arabic : الحورة‎ ) a district of Manama , the capital of Bahrain .
The Rio Bavispe or Bavispe River is a river in Mexico which flows briefly north then mainly south by southwest until it joins with the Aros River to become the Yaqui River , eventually joining the Gulf of California .
Littenseradiel ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the northern Netherlands .
Jakunówko ( jakuˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Jakunen , until 1938 Jakunowken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Risalewala railway station ( Urdu : رسالے والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located on Risalewala village , Faisalabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Berbérati Airport ( IATA : BBT , ICAO : FEFT ) is an airport serving Berbérati , the capital city of the Mambéré - Kadéï prefecture in the Central African Republic .
Ano Achaia ( Greek : Άνω Αχαΐα meaning Upper Achaea ) is a village in the municipality of West Achaea , Greece .
Kord Neshin ( Persian : كردنشين‎ , also Romanized as Kord Neshīn ; also known as Kord Eshin , Kord Īshīn , Kūrdashī , and Kyurdashin ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
El Ràfol d'Almúnia ( Valencian pronunciation : ( eɫ ˈrafoɫ daɫˈmunia ) , Spanish : Ráfol de Almunia ) is a municipality in the comarca of Marina Alta in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Makalu ( in Nepal officially मकालु , in China officially Makaru ; Chinese : 马卡鲁山 , Pinyin : Mǎkǎlǔ Shān ; Makalungma in Limbu ) is the fifth highest mountain in the world at 8,485 metres ( 27,838 ft ) .
Türkbükü is a coastal town in Muğla Province in southwestern Turkey , located on the Turkish Riviera on the opposite side of the Bodrum peninsula from the town of Bodrum .
Thai Rath is the oldest newspaper in the native language ( Bangkok Post , the English - language daily , is the oldest published newspaper in the country with a history of more than 60 years ) and is the best - selling newspaper in Thailand , claiming a circulation in excess of 1 million copies daily .
The University of Asia and the Pacific ( UA&P ) is a private research university in the Philippines .
Heyran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حيران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chankillo is an ancient monumental complex in the Peruvian coastal desert , found in the Casma - Sechin basin in the Ancash Department of Peru .
The Victoria Clock Tower , also known as the Diamond Jubilee Clock Tower , is a heritage - registered clock tower located in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Blekinge ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈbleːˈkɪŋə ) ) is one of the traditional provinces of Sweden ( landskap ) , situated in the south of the country .
Jurcz ( jurt͡ʂ ) ( German : Jürtsch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa , within Lubin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Store Måsvann or Store Måsvannet ( Northern Sami : Stuorra Sopmir ) is a lake in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Port of Santo Domingo is located at the mouth of the marine entrance to the City of Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
Tërbaç is a community in the Vlorë County , southwestern Albania .
Tirau is a small town in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand , 50 kilometres southeast of Hamilton .
Yongdu - dong is a dong , legal neighbourhood of Dongdaemun - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Vələçola ( also , Vela - Chela and Velechola ) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Spodnje Pirniče ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈpiːɾnitʃɛ ) ) is a village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ask Church ( Norwegian : Ask kirke ) is a parish church in Askøy municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Hyderabad Taluka ( rural ) ( Sindhi : حيدرآباد ٻهراڙي‎ ) is an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Stolberg Castle ( German : Schloss Stolberg ) is a palace in the town of Stolberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany .
Saint - Georges - d'Oléron is a commune on Oléron Island in the Charente - Maritime department in western France .
Sanglas motorcycles were of relatively large engine for its time , especially for Spain .
Stützengrün is a community in the district of Erzgebirgskreis , Saxony , Germany .
St. Gangolf 's church is a Roman Catholic church in Trier , Germany .
Qaleh Sareban ( Persian : قلعه ساربان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Sārebān , Qal``eh Sārbān , and Qal``eh - ye Sārebān ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District , Jolgeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 189 , in 39 families .
Yeeda Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
Åmål ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈoːmoːl ) ) is a locality and the seat of Åmål Municipality in Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 9,065 inhabitants in 2010 .
Hairanwala Kalan is a village in Wazirabad Tehsil , in the Gujranwala District of Punjab , Pakistan .
The Philadelphia Church ( Swedish : Filadelfiakyrkan ) is a church building at Rörstrandsgatan 7 in Stockholm , Sweden .
Halle - Neustadt ( popularly known as HaNeu , pronounced Ha - Noi ) was a city in the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) .
Rudolec ( until 1946 Německý Rudolec , German : Deutsch Rudoletz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Mrtvica ( Serbian : Мртвица ) is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han , Serbia .
The Frankfurt Institute for Advanced Studies ( FIAS ) is a private - public institution for basic theoretical research in various areas of science focusing on interdisciplinary research located in Frankfurt , Hessen , Germany .
Vileyka Voblast ( Belarusian : Вілейская вобласць , Russian : Вилейская область ) was a territorial unit in the Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic created out of the eastern powiats of the Wilno Voivodeship after the annexation of West Belarus ( then part of Poland ) into the BSSR in November 1939 .
Band - e Amir National Park ( Persian : بند امیر‎‎ ) is Afghanistan 's first national park , located in the Bamyan Province .
Goniądz ( ˈɡɔɲɔnt͡s ) is a town in Poland , located at the Biebrza river , ( pop . 1,915 ) in Mońki county ( Powiat of Mońki ) in Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland .
Beitang District ( simplified Chinese : 北塘区 ; traditional Chinese : 北塘區 ; pinyin : Běitáng Qū ) is one of six urban districts of Wuxi , Jiangsu Province , People 's Republic of China .
Hugo Treffner Gymnasium ( Estonian : Hugo Treffneri Gümnaasium ; abbreviated as HTG ) is a secondary school in Tartu , Estonia with special emphasis on science education .
Pacobo ( also spelled Pakobo ) is a town in southeastern Ivory Coast .
Bishapur ( Middle Persian : Bay - Šāpūr ; Persian : بیشاپور‎‎ , Bishâpûr ) was an ancient city in Iran on the ancient road between Persis and Elam .
Jérica ( in Valencian Xèrica ) is a town in the Castellón province of Valencian Community , Spain .
Atnarko is a locality on the Atnarko River , at the south end of Tweedsmuir Provincial Park in the Bella Coola Valley region of British Columbia , Canada .
Saint Anna German High School ( Russian : Главное немецкое училище Святой Анны ) , usually known as Annenschule ( Russian : Анненшуле ) , was a school in Saint Petersburg , Russia founded in 1736 for children of the German population of the city .
Bowj ( Persian : بوج‎ , also Romanized as Būj ; also known as Borj , Bowi , and Būzh ) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Krnče ( pronounced ( ˈkəɾntʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement north of the village of Sveti Gregor in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Ubombo , is a small town in northern KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa about 17 km north - east of Mkuze .
Neptune Islands Conservation Park is a protected area occupying most of the Neptune Islands in South Australia about 55 km ( 34 mi ) south - south east of Port Lincoln .
Ashton Vale is a suburb located in the Bedminster ward of Bristol , United Kingdom .
Styrum ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃtiːʁʊm ) ; sometimes spelled `` Stirum '' ) was an immediate lordship in the Holy Roman Empire , located in Mülheim an der Ruhr , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Solnitsata ( Bulgarian : Солницата , `` The Saltworks '' ) was an ancient town located in present - day Bulgaria , near the modern city of Provadia .
Sarıçoban ( also , Sarychoban ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Shizishan District ( Chinese : 獅子山區 ; pinyin : Shīzishān Qū ) is a district under the administration of Tongling City , Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China .
Tang - e Lateh ( Persian : تنگلته‎ , also Romanized as Tang Lateh ; also known as Tang - i - Laleh ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Sofla Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sébédoufla ( also spelled Sobédoufla ) is a village in central Ivory Coast .
La Candelaria is a historic neighborhood in downtown Bogotá , Colombia .
Rubirizi , sometimes spelled Rubiriizi , is a town in Rubirizi District , Ankole sub - region , Western Uganda .
Porta Settimiana is one of the gates of the Aurelian walls in Rome ( Italy ) .
Bukan County ( Persian : شهرستان بوکان‎ ) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran .
Yatzitz ( Hebrew : יָצִיץ , lit . ( He ) will Bud ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Karnut ( Armenian : Կառնուտ , also Romanized as Karrnut ; formerly , Diraklar and Dirak ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Arquà Petrarca ( arˈkwa ppeˈtrarka ) is a town and municipality ( comune ) in northeastern Italy , in the Veneto region , in the province of Padua .
Cyzicus ( /ˈsɪzɨkəs/ ; Ancient Greek : Κύζικος Kyzikos ; Ottoman Turkish : آیدینجق‎ , Aydıncıḳ ) was an ancient town of Mysia in Anatolia in the current Balıkesir Province of Turkey .
Grzechynia ( ɡʐɛˈxɨɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański , within Sucha County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Sungai Padi Road ( Thai : ถนนสุไหงปาดี , Thanon Sungai Padi ) or National highway 4056 ( Thai : ทางหลวงแผ่นดินหมายเลข 4056 ) is a major road in Narathiwat Province of Thailand .
Andaranfulbari is a big place of Tufanganj Block-1 of Tufanganj subdivision in the District of Coochbehar of West bengal , India .
Sankt Marein i m Mürztal is a municipality in the district of Bruck - Mürzzuschlag in Styria , Austria .
The Valea Lungă Mică River is a small river in Cluj County , Romania .
Cacela Island , in the Algarve region of mainland Portugal , was a peninsula up to the winter of 2010 , when the sea cut the peninsula and turned its westernmost part into an island .
The Waitomo Glowworm Caves attraction is a cave at Waitomo on the North Island of New Zealand , known for its population of glowworms , Arachnocampa luminosa .
Slieau Freoaghane ( from the Manx for mountain of the bilberry ; pronounced ( sluːfəˈraːn ) ) is a hill on the Isle of Man , and the second highest of the Island 's five Marilyns .
Kuranui College is a state coeducational secondary school located in Greytown , New Zealand .
El Agheila ( Arabic : العقيلة al-'Uqaylah‎ ) is a coastal city at the bottom of the Gulf of Sidra in far western Cyrenaica , Libya .
Diu district ( Portuguese : Distrito de Diu ) is one of the two districts of Daman and Diu , a union territory of India .
The 1991 South American Women 's Football Championship ( Campeonato Sudamericano de Fútbol Femenino 1991 ) was held in Maringá , Brazil .
The Melbourne Metro Rail Project , formally known as the Metro Rail Capacity Project , is a planned metropolitan rail infrastructure project in Melbourne , Australia .
Sanjay Van is a sprawling city forest area near Vasant Kunj and Mehrauli in Delhi , India .
Jalan Temenggong Ahmad or Jalan Parit Jawa ( Johor state route ) ( Jawi : جالن تماڠڬوڠ احمد ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia .
Beretta manufactured rifles and pistols for the Italian military until the 1943 Armistice between Italy and the Allied forces during World War II . With the Wehrmacht 's control of northern Italy , the Germans seized Beretta and continued producing arms until the 1945 German surrender in Italy .
The Baur au Lac or Bauer au Lac is a luxury hotel in Talstrasse , Zürich , Switzerland .
Punta Huete Airport ( ICAO : MNFC ) is an airport located in the municipality of San Francisco Libre in Managua , Nicaragua .
In September 2006 , 612 ABC Brisbane was `` host radio broadcaster '' for naturalist Steve Irwin 's memorial service at Australia Zoo , Beerwah .
Arboucave ( Arbocava in Gascon ) is a commune of the Landes department in Aquitaine in southwestern France .
Comilla ( Bengali : কুমিল্লা ) is a city in eastern Bangladesh , located along the Dhaka - Chittagong Highway .
The Prince Arthur Herald ( PAH ) is a bilingual online student newspaper based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Canencia ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈnenθja ) ) is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain .
Yovon District or Nohiya - i Yovon ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Ёвон , Persian : ناحیۀ یاوان‎ ) is a district in Khatlon province , Tajikistan .
Allosso is a town in south - eastern Ivory Coast .
Moedwil is a small town near Swartruggens , North West Province , South Africa .
The 1999 Belgian Grand Prix ( formally the LVII Foster 's Belgian Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on 29 August 1999 at the Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps in Spa , Belgium .
Tit Mellil is a town and municipality in Médiouna Province of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco .
Dolno Sonje is a small village south of Skopje , the capital of the country of Macedonia .
Delhi Public School Ghaziabad ( DPSG ) is a private educational institution in Ghaziabad , India , established in 1980 .
Khanewal Junction railway station ( Urdu : خانیوال جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in the city of Khanewal , Punjab province of Pakistan .
Chrámec ( Hungarian : Harmac ) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Lulin Observatory ( Chinese : 鹿林天文台 ; pinyin : Lùlín Tiānwéntái ; literally : `` Deer Forest Astronomical Observatory '' ) is an astronomical observatory operated by the Institute of Astronomy , National Central University in Taiwan .
Pęcice ( pɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mohammadqoli Qeshlaq ( Persian : محمدقلي قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadqolī Qeshlāq ; also known as Moḩammad `` Alī Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 444 , in 77 families .
Nordefjorden ( Northern Sami : Nuorttat Dáččavuotna ) is a fjord on the west side of the island of Seiland in Hammerfest Municipality , Finnmark county , Norway .
The Special Panels of the Dili District Court ( also called the East Timor Tribunal ) was the hybrid international--
Ogardzki Młyn ( ɔˈɡart͡ski ˈmwɨn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Canton of Montlieu - la - Garde is a former canton of the Charente - Maritime department , in France .
Ebdentown is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand situated about a kilometre from the Upper Hutt city centre .
Sa Kaeo ( Thai : สระแก้ว ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Thailand , about 48 kilometers from the Thai - Cambodian border .
Lemonsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Vågå in Oppland county , Norway .
Mottama ( Burmese : မုတ္တမမြို့ , pronounced : ( moʊʔtəma̰ mjo̰ ) ; Mon : မိုဟ် တၟံ , ( mùh mɔʔ ) ; formerly Martaban ) is a small town in the Thaton district of Mon State , Myanmar .
The Punakha Dzong , also known as Pungtang Dechen Photrang Dzong ( meaning `` the palace of great happiness or bliss '' ) , is the administrative centre of Punakha District in Punakha , Bhutan .
Darvish Rash ( Persian : درويش رش‎ , also Romanized as Darvīsh Rash ; also known as Darvīsheh Rash ) is a village in Karaftu Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Villeneuve - d'Aval is a commune in the Jura department in the Franche - Comté region located in the eastern portion of France , the world 's largest country .
The Board of Trade , originally the Lords of Trade or Lords of Trade and Plantations , is a committee of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom , first established as a temporary committee of inquiry in the 17th century that evolved gradually into a government department with a diverse range of functions .
Licantén is a town within the Licantén commune , administered by the Municipality of Licantén within the Curicó Province in the Maule Region of Chile .
Limoges Concert Hall ( also known as Concert Hall in Limoges ) is a concert hall designed by famous architect Bernard Tschumi . This building is located in a wooded area on the outskirts of a small city in central France called Limoges . The concert hall in Limoges can accommodate up to 8,000 spectators .
Badileyan ( Persian : بديليان‎ , also Romanized as Badīleyān and Badīlīān ; also known as Badīlī and Shahrak - e Badīlīān ) is a village in Kheybar Rural District , Choghamish District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sounds FM was a radio station in the Marlborough region of New Zealand .
Prusiek ( ˈpruɕek ) ( Ukrainian : Прусік , Prusik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Dniprorudne ( Ukrainian : Дніпрорудне ) is a city in Vasylivka Raion of Zaporizhia Oblast , Ukraine .
Sikandar Pura is a village located on the Chunian - Khudian road , 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) from Khudian and 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) from Chunian , in Kasur District , in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Protected area Pliva , Janj with Janjske Otoke reserve are protected nature areas in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tadeda Peak , also known unofficially as Tadeda Centre , is a volcanic peak in northern British Columbia , Canada , located just southeast of Coffee Crater in Mount Edziza Provincial Park .
Genavi ( Persian : گنوي‎ , also Romanized as Genāvī ; also known as Ganaveh and Gināvi ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Qazian ( Urdu : قاضياں‎ ) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Punjab , Pakistan .
Mlomp is a rural community and village in the Ziguinchor Region of Senegal in the Casamance , situated approximately 40 km ( 25 mi ) south - west of Ziguinchor .
Xewkija Heliport ( ICAO : LMMG ) , also known as Gozo Heliport , is a small heliport on the island of Gozo in Malta , near the town of Xewkija .
Velika Ilova Gora ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlika ˈiːlɔʋa ˈɡɔːɾa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Buur Heybe ( `` the mountain of the clay sand '' ) is a small village in the southern Bay province of Somalia .
Jamrag - e Shomali ( Persian : جمرگ شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Jamrag - e Shomālī ; also known as Jamrak - e Shomālī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Las Hermosas National Natural Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Natural Las Hermosas ) is a national park located in the Valle del Cauca and Tolima departments , at the highest elevation of Cordillera Central range in the Andean Region of Colombia .
School District 62 Sooke is a school district in British Columbia , Canada .
Mārsnēni parish ( Latvian : Mārsnēnu pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Priekuļi Municipality , Latvia .
Exchange Tower is a 36 storey 146 m ( 479 ft ) tower in the First Canadian Place complex of Toronto , Ontario , Canada completed in 1981 .
Manaraga is a peak in the northern Ural Mountains , within the Komi Republic of Siberia , in Russia .
Rawan Ella is a waterfall in the village of Uduhawara , in Badulla district , Sri Lanka .
After the Estates of Lower Austria built their assembly house at the Palais Niederösterreich in 1513 , the street was renamed Herrengasse .
Rodež ( pronounced ( ˈɾoːdɛʃ ) ; formerly Sveti Lenart , German : Sankt Leonardi ) is a village in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia .
Saint - Priest - des - Champs is a French commune in the Puy - de - Dôme department in the Auvergne of central France .
Guadalcanal ( indigenous name : Isatabu ) is the principal island in Guadalcanal Province of the nation of Solomon Islands in the south - western Pacific , northeast of Australia .
Tritaia ( Greek : Τριταία ) is a former municipality in Achaea , West Greece , Greece .
Hoseynabad - e Tang - e Khomar ( Persian : حسين ابادتنگ خمار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Tang - e Khomār ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District , Now Bandegan District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sabour ( Urdu صبور ) is a Union Council of Gujrat District , in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Lake Nyuk ( Russian : Нюк , Finnish : Nuokkijärvi ) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia , northwestern part of Russia .
Kjøkkelvik is a mostly residential neighborhood of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Vāne parish ( Latvian : Vānes pagasts ) was an administrative unit of the Tukums District , Latvia .
Cirta ( from Berber : KRTN or Kirthan , Phoenician : Tzirta ) was the capital city of the Berber Kingdom of Numidia in northern Africa ( modern Algeria ) .
Mulkirigala Raja Maha Vihara ( also known as Mulgirigala Raja Maha Vihara ) is an ancient and an archaeological Buddhist temple in Mulkirigala Sri Lanka .
Rott Abbey ( Kloster Rott ) was a Benedictine monastery in Rott am Inn in Bavaria , Germany .
Prestesteinsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway , with a small part of the lake crossing over into the neighboring municipality of Lom ( in Oppland county ) .
The Limpopo National Park ( Portuguese : Parque Nacional do Limpopo ) was born when the status of Coutada 16 Wildlife Utilisation Area in Gaza Province , Mozambique , was changed from a hunting concession to a protected area .
The Bellairs Research Institute , located on the Caribbean island of Barbados , was founded in 1954 as a field - station for McGill University .
The Bigadiç mine is a large boron ore mine located at Balıkesir Province in western Turkey .
The modern practice of building and maintaining Prayer Mountain facilities was birthed in South Korea , where an intense prayer culture sprang by necessity among South Korean Christians of the late 1800s .
Magoksa is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism in Gongju , South Korea .
Apenheul Primate Park is a zoo in Apeldoorn , Netherlands .
Hout Bay ( Afrikaans : Houtbaai , meaning `` Wood Bay '' ) is a town near Cape Town , South Africa situated in a valley on the Atlantic seaboard of the Cape Peninsula , twenty kilometres south of the Central Business District of Cape Town .
Mowtowr - e Musa Bamri ( Persian : موتور موسي بامري‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Mūsá Bāmrī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Jaldian Garrison ( Persian : پادگان جلديان‎ -- Pādegān - e Jaldīān ) is a village and military installation in Lahijan - e Gharbi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ramada Jarvis was a chain of 4 star and 5 star hotels mostly located throughout the mainland of the United Kingdom , with a few managed internationally .
Półrzeczki ( puu̯ˈʐɛt͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Passo d'Areia is a neighborhood ( bairro ) in the city of Porto Alegre , the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil .
The Diep River Fynbos Corridor is a nature reserve located in Cape Town , South Africa .
Khutauna is a small town in the Madhubani district in northern Bihar state , India .
Kundudo or Kondudo ( rarely spelt as Qundudo ) is a flat top mountain ( or amba ) in the Misraq ( Eastern ) Hararghe Zone of the Oromia region of Ethiopia .
The Cinema Museum of Melgaço is a museum dedicated to Cinema in Melgaço , Portugal .
The Port of Longkou is an artificial deep - water international seaport on the coast of Longkou , Yantai Prefecture , Shandong , People 's Republic of China .
Zagrepčanka is a high - rise office building located in Zagreb , Croatia .
Vilangan Hills ( Malayalam : വിലങന്‍ കുന്നു ) is a hillock located in Adat Panchayat , near Thrissur city of Kerala state in India .
Recajo is a village within Agoncillo municipality in La Rioja province in northern Spain .
Kumba is a city in Southwest Region , Western Cameroon also known as K town .
Gare de Toulon is a railway station serving the city Toulon , Var department , southeastern France .
Doonaha ( Irish : Dún Átha ) is a small village on the Loop Head peninsula in County Clare , Ireland .
Hereworth School is one of only seven independent boys ' schools in New Zealand which caters for boarding and day pupils .
Pachni ( Greek : Πάχνη , Bulgarian : Пашевик ) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece , part of the municipal unit Kotyli .
The Vimanmek Mansion ( Thai : วิมานเมฆ , rtgs : Wiman Mek ) is a former royal palace in Bangkok , Thailand .
The Jardin des Paradis ( 3000 m² ) is a private garden located on the Place du Théron , Cordes - sur - Ciel , Tarn , Midi - Pyrénées , France .
Sarapul ( Russian : Сара́пул ) is a city and a river port in the Udmurt Republic , Russia , located on the right bank of the Kama River , 66 kilometers ( 41 mi ) southeast of Izhevsk , the capital of the republic .
Alexander Street Baptist Church was a Baptist church in Toronto , Canada located on the south side of Alexander Street between Yonge and Church streets .
Tartu Town Hall ( Estonian : Tartu raekoda ) is the seat of the city government of Tartu , Estonia .
Scarlino Scalo is a town in Tuscany , central Italy , administratively a frazione of the comune of Scarlino , province of Grosseto .
Urzecze ( uˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hwadae County is a county in southern North Hamgyong province , North Korea , with an area of about 460 km² and a population of approximately 70,000 .
Hacıağabəyli ( also , Hacağabəyli , Gadzhiagabeyli , and Gadzhyagabeyli ) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Major Cineplex Group Public Co. Ltd. is the largest operator of movie theaters in Thailand .
Bellwoods was a provincial riding in Ontario , Canada in the old City of Toronto 's west - end .
The Gold Coast Broadwater , also known as Southport Broadwater , Gold Coast Harbour and The Broadwater , is a large shallow estuary of water located in the Gold Coast district of South East Queensland , Australia .
Charbatia Air Base is located approximately 10 km north of Cuttack , Odisha in eastern India .
Kruszwica ( kruʂˈfʲit͡sa ) ( German : Kruschwitz ) is a town in central Poland and is situated in the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship ( since 1999 ) , previously in Bydgoszcz Voivodeship ( 1975 - -1998 ) .
From its foundation in 1864 until 2001 the Victoria Racing Club was the responsible authority for the conduct of thoroughbred racing in the State of Victoria , Australia .
The Lombard Committee for Resolution 44 ( Comitato Lombardo per la Risoluzione 44 , CoLoR44 ) is a trans - party movement active in Lombardy , a region of Italy .
Derbent ( Russian : Дербе́нт ; Azerbaijani : Dərbənd ; Lezgian : Кьвевар ; Avar : Дербенд ) , formerly romanized as Derbend , is a city in the Republic of Dagestan , Russia , located on the Caspian Sea , north of the Azerbaijani border .
Primrose Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CFN6 ) , is located near Primrose , Alberta , Canada .
Golegã ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɡɔlɨˈɣ̞ɐ̃ ) ) is a small municipality in Santarém District in Portugal .
Bagdarin ( Russian : Багдарин ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Bauntovsky Evenkiysky District of the Republic of Buryatia , Russia , located on the Vitim Plateau .
Nevado Juncal is a mountain in located at the head of Aconcagua Valley on the border between Chile and Argentina .
Bughda Kandi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بوغداكندئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Lavelanet ( L'Avelhanet in the Languedocian dialect of Occitan ) is a commune in the Ariège department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southwestern France .
The Messe Erfurt is a convention center including an indoor arena , in Erfurt , Germany .
The Narrow gauge railway of KSM-2 factory is located in Tver , Russia .
Bani Havan ( Persian : باني هوان‎ , also Romanized as Bānī Havān ) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Canadian Union of Skilled Workers ( CUSW ) is a skilled trades union based in Canada .
Monte Cara is a mountain in the island of São Vicente , Cape Verde .
The Senator Sid Buckwold Bridge is a bridge that spans the South Saskatchewan River between west and east shore in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Kiro was a colonial post in what is now the Central Equatoria province of South Sudan on the west side of the Bahr al Jebel or White Nile river .
Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( Russian : Московский государственный институт международных отношений ( Университет ) МИД России , often abbreviated МГИМО , MGIMO ) is a university that belongs to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia .
Čušperk ( pronounced ( ˈtʃuːʃpɛɾk ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Bishan Road is a major road in Bishan , Singapore from Ang Mo Kio Avenue 1 to Braddell Road ; following the MRT track ( Bishan MRT Station and Bishan Depot ) are nearby .
Mount Labo , is a potentially active stratovolcano in the province of Camarines Norte , in Region V , on Luzon Island , in the Philippines .
St. Maria ad Gradus ( `` Our Lady of the Steps '' , also colloquially called Mariengraden in German language ) is the name of a former church located East of the Cathedral of Cologne , Germany , situated between the cathedral and the Rhine .
Currently office space at Aupark Tower is occupied by Telefónica O2 Slovakia , Eset , Procter & Gamble and AT&T.
Bornova is a metropolitan district of İzmir in İzmir Province in Turkey .
Sierra Tonante , ( Italian for `` Thundering Mountain Range '' ) , was a wooden roller coaster at Mirabilandia , Savio in Emilia - Romagna , Italy that operated between 1992 and 2007 .
Zombie Creek is a stream in East Berbice - Corentyne , Guyana .
Jaczków ( ˈjat͡ʂkuf ) ( German : Hartmannsdorf ) a village in Poland located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in wałbrzyskim say , in the village commune Czarny Bor .
Taher Deh ( Persian : طاهرده‎ , also Romanized as Ţāher Deh ) is a village in Miandorud - e Kuchak Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The West of il - Ħaġra s - Sewda to ix - Xaqqa Cliffs Important Bird Area comprises a 4 ha linear strip of cliffed coastline at Siġġiewi , on the southern coast of the main island of Malta , in the Maltese archipelago of the Mediterranean Sea .
The Carthage Paleo - Christian Museum is an archaeological museum of Christian artifacts , located in Carthage , Tunisia .
Górzyska ( ɡuˈʐɨska ) ( German : Bergdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Kiab ( Persian : كياب‎ , also Romanized as Kīāb and Kīyāb ; also known as Kīeh Āb ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Quartetto Gelato - La Danza ( Music Video ) ( 1998 ) CBC 's Canada Day 2004 :
Andfiskvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Qinar - e Olya ( Persian : قينرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Qīnar - e `` Olyā ; also known as Qīz - e Bālā ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 184 , in 30 families .
Seriana ( Arabic سريانة ) is a town in Batna Province , Algeria , at 35 ° 41′30``N 06 ° 11′11''E. In the colonial period , it was called Pasteur .
Arapuša ( Cyrillic : Арапуша ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Franconian Rezat ( German : Fränkische Rezat ) is a 63,5 km long river in southern Germany .
Radostów Pierwszy ( raˈdɔstuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The DR-7 , also known as the Santo Domingo - Samana Highway or simply Samana Highway , is the newest addition to the Dominican Republic national highway system .
In 2006 Newry topped the league of house prices increases across the whole United Kingdom over the last decade , as prices in the city had increased by 371 % since 1996 .
The 1928 Summer Olympics ( Dutch : Olympische Zomerspelen 1928 ) , officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad , was an international multi - sport event which was celebrated in 1928 in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Atapattu Walawwa is a large colonial era manor house situated in Walawwatta , Galle , Sri Lanka .
Yeni Suraxanı ( also , Imeni Kirova , Kirov Adına , Kirova , Posëlok Imeni Kirova , Rəsulzadə , and Yeni - Surakhany ) is a municipality in Baku , Azerbaijan .
Voćin is a village and municipality in western Slavonia , Croatia , located southwest of Slatina and east of Daruvar .
Nish Kish ( Persian : نيش كش‎ , also Romanized as Nīsh Kīsh ) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Many ferries moving between Finland and Sweden cross the Sea of Åland .
Kızılcasöğüt ( literally `` Red willow '' ) is a belde ( town ) in Banaz district of Uşak Province , Turkey .
Tourbillon Castle ( French : Château de Tourbillon ) is a castle in Sion in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Lesenice ( Hungarian : Leszenye ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Dioumara Koussata is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali .
In pre - Hispanic times the region of present - day Tarímbaro was inhabited by the semi - nomadic Chichimeca ( who knew the area `` place of the willows '' ) and the Purépecha people of Central Mexico .
Vietalva Parish ( Latvian : Vietalvas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District , Latvia .
Backen Church ( Swedish : Backenkyrkan ) is a church in Backen , Umeå , Sweden
Katouna is a settlement in the prefecture of Aitoloakarnania , Greece .
Alt Maestrat ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈaɫt maesˈtɾat ) , Spanish : Alto Maestrazgo ) is a comarca in the province of Castellón , Valencian Community , Spain .
Upper Cross Street ( Chinese : 克罗士街上段 ) is a street located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore .
Yanahuara District is a suburb within the city of Arequipa , Peru .
Bergen Heliport , Grønneviksøren ( ICAO : ENBG ; Norwegian : Bergen helikopterplass , Grønneviksøren ) is a heliport situated at Grønneviksøren on the shore of Store Lungegårdsvannet in Bergen , Norway .
Uitikon is a village and municipality in the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
Zouping County ( simplified Chinese : 邹平县 ; traditional Chinese : 鄒平縣 ; pinyin : Zōupíng Xiàn ) is a county of Shandong province , People 's Republic of China , located on the northern edge of the mountainous central portion of the province .
Muhajir Camp ( Urdu : مہاجر کیمپ ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Kang Sar ( Persian : كانگ سر‎ , also Romanized as Kāng Sar ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Asproula ( previously Velisti ) is a village in the Kozani regional unit , Greece .
Tehuacán Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de Tehuacán ) ( IATA : TCN , ICAO : MMHC ) is an airport serving Tehuacán , a city in the state of Puebla in Mexico .
Vinac ( Cyrillic : Винац ) is a village in the municipality of Jajce , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dasht - e Naomid ( Persian : دشت ناامید ) , also Dasht - e Namid , Dasht - e Namadī , or Dasht - e Nāomīd , is a desert in Central Asia , on the Afghanistan - Iran border .
Kaba Aye Pagoda ( Burmese : ကမ္ဘာအေးစေတီ ; pronounced : ( ɡəbà ʔé pʰəjá ) ; also spelt Gaba Aye Pagoda ; lit . World Peace Pagoda ) , formally Thiri Mingala Gaba Aye Zedidaw , သီရိမင်္ဂလာကမ္ဘာအေးစေတီတော် ) , is a pagoda located on Kaba Aye Road , Mayangon Township , Yangon , Myanmar .
Rama Krishna raju Pettai , also known as RK Pet , is a panchayat in Pallipattu taluk , Tiruvallur district , India .
Bugeat ( Occitan : Bujac ) is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France .
Vleesbaai is a seaside vacation town , situated between Mossel Bay and Gouritsmond in Western Cape , South Africa .
The County of Rochedale is a county ( a cadastral division ) in Queensland , Australia .
The Lower Glomma Region ( `` Nedre Glomma - regionen '' ) is a statistical metropolitan region in Østfold in southeastern Norway .
Johor Bahru East Coast Parkway or the stretch of roads that includes Jalan Bakar Batu , Jalan Pasir Pelangi and Jalan Stulang Baru ( Johor state route ) are the major roads located in Johor Bahru city , Johor , Malaysia .
Epfenbach is a municipality in south western Germany .
Victoriaville Airport , ( TC LID : CSR3 ) , is located near the town of Victoriaville , Quebec , Canada .
Debarca ( Macedonian : Дебарца ) is a historical region in western Republic of Macedonia , north of Ohrid and south - west of Kičevo .
Canefield is a town located on the west coast of Dominica , north of Roseau and south of Massacre , overlooking Pringle 's Bay .
Hit 104.7 ( call sign : 2ROC ) is a radio station in Canberra , Australia , jointly owned by Southern Cross Austereo and the Australian Radio Network ( ARN ) .
Nohkalikai Falls is the tallest plunge waterfall in India .
Saint - Joachim de Pointe - Claire Church ( French : Église Saint - Joachim de Pointe - Claire ) or simply Saint - Joachim Church is a Roman Catholic church in Pointe - Claire , Quebec , Canada on Montreal 's West Island .
The Rab - do and Muki - do Islands Important Bird Area comprises a group of two small islands , with a collective area of 40 ha , in the north - eastern Yellow Sea , lying close to the western coast of North Korea .
Gorenja Vas pri Leskovcu ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi lɛˈskoːu̯tsu ) ; Slovene : Gorenja vas pri Leskovcu , German : Oberdorf ) is a village southwest of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Mława ( ˈmwava ) is a town in north - central Poland with 30,957 inhabitants in 2012 .
Banica River is a river on the island of Negros in the Philippines .
Cần Thơ Stadium ( Vietnamese : Sân vận động Cần Thơ ) is a multi - use stadium located in Ninh Kiều District , Cần Thơ , Vietnam .
Fagne - Famenne is a natural region in southern Belgium and northern France .
Kakan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كاكان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Huta Głodowska ( ˈxuta ɡwɔˈdɔfska ) ( German : Lodenhütte ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Majiyohan ( also known as Majayahan , Mijayahan , Manja - Yihan or Majiyahan ) , is a town in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia .
Velika Štanga ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlika ˈʃtaːŋɡa ) ; in older sources also Sveti Anton , German : St. Anton ; also German : Stangenwald , Stangen ) is a settlement in the hills west of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Karditsa ( Greek : Καρδίτσα ) is a city in western Thessaly in mainland Greece .
Stanislavchyk ( Ukrainian : Станіславчик ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Khartoum Place is a pedestrianised city square in the Auckland CBD , New Zealand .
Wechterswinkel Abbey ( Kloster Wechterswinkel ) was a Cistercian nunnery in the small village of Wechterswinkel , a part of Bastheim in the mountainous region of the Rhön in Bavaria , Germany , in the Bishopric of Würzburg .
Krtići ( Cyrillic : Кртићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Minister for Justice and Equality ( Irish : An tAire Dlí agus Cirt agus Comhionannais ) is the senior minister at the Department of Justice and Equality in the Government of Ireland .
Vemuru mandal is one of the 57 mandals in Guntur district of the state of Andhra Pradesh in India .
Soledad Miria ( in the Kuna language Miria Ubigantupu or more recently Mirya Ubgigandub ) is a small Caribbean island of Panama with 1,014 inhabitants .
Amrollah ( Persian : امرالله‎ , also Romanized as Amrollāh ) is a village in Ujan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Laitakari beacon tower is a daymark ( navigational aid ) located on the island of Laitakari in the Gulf of Bothnia in Finland .
Pingzhena Station ( Chinese : 屏遮那車站 ; pinyin : Píngzhēnà Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Alishan Township , Chiayi County , Taiwan .
The Patagonian Desert , also known as the Patagonia Desert , Patagonian Steppe , or Magellanic Steppe , is the largest desert in Argentina and is the 7th largest desert in the world by area , occupying 673,000 square kilometers ( 260,000 mi2 ) .
The Southland Plains is a general name given to several areas of low - lying land in the South Island of New Zealand , separated by the rise of the Hokonui Hills in the north .
Ein Naqquba ( Arabic : عين نقوبا‎ , Hebrew : עֵין נַקוּבָּא ) is an Arab village in central Israel .
Puntallana is a town and a municipality on the island of La Palma , Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain .
Głazica ( ɡwaˈʑit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Port of Tubarão is a port in Brazil , near the city of Vitória in Espírito Santo .
Qez Qabri - ye Ebrahim ( Persian : قزقبري ابراهيم‎ , also Romanized as Qez Qabrī - ye Ebrāhīm and Qez Qebrī - ye Ebrāhīm ; also known as Qez Qebrī - ye Yek ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Southampton Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPF7 ) , is located 1.4 nautical miles ( 2.6 km ; 1.6 mi ) east of Southampton , Ontario , Canada .
Njeliyanparambu is a place on the outskirts of the city of Kozhikode in Kerala , India .
Sheykhian Mari ( Persian : شيخيان ماري‎ , also Romanized as Sheykhīān Mārī ; also known as Sheykheyān , Sheykhīān , and Sheykhīyan ) is a village in Kabgan Rural District , Kaki District , Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The New Castle of Ansembourg ( French : Grand Château d'Ansembourg ) , in central Luxembourg is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles .
Bezujno ( Serbian Cyrillic : Безујно ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tuszyn ( ˈtuʂɨn ) is a small town in Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , central Poland , with 7,201 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Khurdikabad ( Persian : خورديك اباد‎ , also Romanized as Khūrdīkābād and Khvordīkābād ) is a village in Palangabad Rural District , Palangabad District , Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Guincourt is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France , in the former county of Vermandois .
Khalkhaleh ( Persian : خلخله‎ ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Krzyszkowo ( kʂɨʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Faskari is a town and Local Government Area ( LGA ) in Katsina State , northern Nigeria .
Saint - Étienne - du - Mont is a church in Paris , France , located on the Montagne Sainte - Geneviève in the 5th arrondissement , near the Panthéon .
Bu Quwah ( Arabic : بو قوة , sometimes transliterated as Buquwa or Abu Quwah ) is a small village situated in north - central Bahrain .
Padew Narodowa ( ˈpadɛf narɔˈdɔva ) is a village in Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Castle of Castilnovo is located near the little village of Villafranca ( Condado de Castilnovo ) in the province of Segovia , Castile and León , in Spain .
Radiotelevisió Valenciana ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈraðioteleviziˈo valensiˈana ) ) was in charge of the broadcasting of television and radio in the Valencian Community in Spain .
Kilchreest ( Irish : Cill Chríost ) is a civil parish of County Clare , Ireland .
Korgalzhyn ( Kazakh : Қорғалжын ) is a selo in the Akmola Region , Kazakhstan .
Torre Banc de Sabadell also BancSabadell is a skyscraper in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Lorta is small village or Gram panchayat village in Balesar Tehsil , Jodhpur district , Rajasthan , India .
Číž ( Hungarian : Csiz ) is a spa village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
The Mersin Province ( Turkish : Mersin ili ) is a province in southern Turkey , on the Mediterranean coast between Antalya and Adana .
Pikru is a village in Tarvastu Parish , Viljandi County , Estonia located 24 km ( 15 miles ) southeast of the village of Viljandi , 3.9 km ( 2.4 miles ) south of the small borough of Mustla , near the western shore of Lake Võrtsjärv .
Wólka Ołudzka ( ˈvulka ɔˈwut͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Rangitoto Channel is one of several passes between the islands of the inner Hauraki Gulf , close to the mouth of the Waitemata Harbour to the east of Auckland in New Zealand .
The Circuito del Jarama ( Circuit of Jarama ) , formerly known as Circuito Permanente del Jarama ( Permanent circuit of Jarama ) is a 3.850 km ( 2.392 mi ) located north of Madrid , Spain which was home to the Spanish Grand Prix nine times between 1968 and 1981 .
The Papenoo Hydroelectric Power Station is located near the commune of Papenoo on the island Tahiti in the overseas country of France , French Polynesia .
The 1888 Barcelona Universal Exposition ( in Catalan : Exposició Universal de Barcelona and Exposición Universal de Barcelona in Spanish ) was Spain 's first International World 's Fair and ran from May 20 to December 9 , 1888 .
The Convent of Santa Isabel is a royal monastery in central Madrid , Spain .
Isep ( ˈisɛp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz , within Tarnów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Empire Theatres Limited was a movie theatre chain in Canada , a subsidiary of Empire Company Ltd. , the holding company of the Sobey family conglomerate .
Arıqıran ( also , Anygyran and Arygyran ) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tolombeh - ye Sherkat Keshavarzi ( Persian : تلمبه شركت كشاورزي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Sherkat Keshavarzī ; also known as Tolombeh - ye Sherkatābād ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Torre Annunziata ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈtorre annunˈtsjaːta ) ) is a city and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples , region of Campania in Italy .
Adamstown Oval is a suburban association football venue located in Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia .
The Lai Châu Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Black River under - construction in Nậm Hàng commune , Mường Tè District , Vietnam .
Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle ( Entertainment Software Self - Regulation Body , abbreviated USK ) is the organisation responsible for video game ratings in Germany .
The Namacpacan Church also known as the Santa Catalina de Alejandria Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Luna ( formerly Namacpacan ) , La Union , Philippines under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union .
Trondheim Kunstmuseum ( previously Trøndelag Kunstgalleri ) is an art museum located in Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Kujundžijevići ( Serbian : Кујунџијевићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Conway Reef , known since 1976 by its Fijian name Ceva - I - Ra Reef , ( pronounced ( ˈðeβaiˈra ) ) , is a coral reef of atoll type 450 km southwest of the Fiji Islands , but part of the Republic of Fiji .
Al - Thawrah ( Arabic : الثورة‎ aṯ ṯawrah ) , also known as al - Tabqah ( Arabic : الطبقة‎ aṭ ṭabqah ) , is a city located in Ar - Raqqah Governorate ( Syria ) , approximately 55 kilometres ( 34 mi ) west of ar - Raqqah .
Sayaboury Airport ( IATA : ZBY , ICAO : VLSB ) is an airport in Sainyabuli , the capital of Sainyabuli Province of Laos .
The Théâtre de verdure de Nice is an outdoor theater located in Nice , France , which was built in 1946 by architect François Aragon .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2011 , Lathom South parish had a population of 657 people living in 281 households , with a roughly even distribution between males and females .
The Canal de la Haute - Seine , also known as Upper Seine Canal is a canal in central France .
The Château de Cordès is a castle situated at an altitude of 900 m in the commune of Orcival , in the Puy - de - Dôme département of France .
The Aschentalshalbe is a ridge in the Harz Mountains of Germany that is up to 685 m above sea level ( NN ) .
Montejurra in Spanish and Jurramendi in Basque are the names of a mountain in Navarre region ( Spain ) .
Vrai changement pour Montréal ( Full name : Vrai changement pour Montréal - Groupe Mélanie Joly , English : Real change for Montreal - Mélanie Joly Group ) is a municipal political party in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Mesorrougi ( Greek : Μεσορρούγι ) is a small village and a community in the municipal unit of Akrata , Achaea , Greece .
According to the Geological Survey of India , Kamptee Coalfield has total reserves of 2,296.84 million tonnes of non - coking coal , up to a depth of 1,200 m , out of which 1,233.74 million tonnes are proved reserves and the rest being indicated or inferred .
Bad Goisern am Hallstättersee is a market town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria in the district of Gmunden .
Petrovany ( Hungarian : Tarcaszentpéter ) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Central Drug Research Institute ( CDRI ) is a multidisciplinary research laboratory in Lucknow , India , employing scientific personnel from various areas of biomedical sciences .
Ngapudaw ( Burmese : ငပုတော်မြို့ ) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south - west Burma ( Myanmar ) .
The Cobori Creek ( in Hungarian : Kóbor - patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania , Romania .
Liston College is a college in Auckland , New Zealand , for year 7 to 13 boys and offers a Catholic education to its students .
Oxbridge is a portmanteau ( blend word ) of the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom .
Sarouyeh ( سارویه ) was a large library in ancient pre - Islamic Iran .
Arrecife ( /ˌærəˈsiːfeɪ/ ; Spanish pronunciation : ( areˈsife ) ) is a city and municipality in the Canary Islands ( Spain ) situated in the centre - east of the island of Lanzarote , of which it has been the capital since 1852 .
Spa - La Sauvenière Airport ( ICAO : EBSP ) is a general aviation airfield located in Spa , a municipality of Belgium .
Irpinia ( Latin Hirpinia ) is a region of the Apennine Mountains around Avellino , a town in Campania , South Italy about 40 km east of Naples .
Žejno ( pronounced ( ˈʒeːi̯nɔ ) ) is a settlement in the hills south of Čatež ob Savi in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Gadani Beach is a beach on the Arabian Sea located near the Hub River and Cape Monze in Gadani , Lasbela District , Balochistan , Pakistan .
Dutch railway services is an index page of all the rail services operated in the Netherlands .
Ahmadabad - e Abdal ( Persian : احمدابادعبدال‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e `` Abdāl ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 153 , in 31 families .
Grønland is a neighbourhood in central Oslo , Norway .
Żywiec Lake ( Polish : Jezioro Żywieckie ) is a reservoir on the Soła river in southern Poland , near the town of Żywiec .
Mount Buke Levu is the highest mountain on Kadavu Island in Fiji .
Pazari i Ri ( English : New Pazar ) is a neighbourhood of Tirana , Albania .
University of New York Tirana ( UNYT ) is an accredited private higher education institution in Tirana , Albania .
The University of Buraimi ( UOB ) ( Arabic : جامعة البريمي‎ ) is a private university in the Al Buraimi Governorate in the Northern part of Oman .
Economic development agencies within the United Kingdom are now based at the campus of The University of Nottingham Ningbo China .
Hitra Wind Farm is a 24 turbine wind farm located in the municipality of Hitra in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway and operated by Statkraft .
Ciudad Perdida ( Spanish for `` Lost City '' ) is the archaeological site of an ancient city in Colombia 's Sierra Nevada .
Svetli Potok ( pronounced ( ˈsʋɛːtli ˈpɔːtɔk ) ; in older sources also Svetlji Potok , German : Lichtenbach , Gottscheerish : Liəmpoch ) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Bagnères - de - Luchon ( pronounced : ( baɲɛːʁ də lyʃɔ̃ ) ) ( Occitan : Banhèras de Luishon ) , also referred to as Luchon , is a French commune and spa town in the Haute - Garonne department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of south - western France .
Chaleh Tak ( Persian : چاله تاك‎ , also Romanized as Chāleh Tāḵ ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Harnham Slope , its upper slope , is now managed as a public amenity space which , from its highest point , gives fine views across Harnham to the city including Salisbury Cathedral 's highest current spire in the United Kingdom .
The Gurans Himal is a small subrange of the Himalaya in far western Nepal .
Kagnout ( also called Cagnout or Cagnut ) is a village in Casamance , Senegal .
Dr. Martin LeBoldus High School is a Catholic secondary school located in the Hillsdale neighbourhood of south Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Intiö is a neighbourhood of the city centre area of Oulu , Finland .
Machu Pitumarka ( hispanicized spelling Machu Pitumarca , Machupitumarca ) is an archaeological site with ruins of walls in Peru .
The city of Solothurn ( German : Solothurn pronounced ( ˈzoːlotʊrn ) ; French : Soleure ; Italian : Soletta ; Romansh : Soloturn ) is the capital of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland .
Ambalamedu High School ( AHS ) was a school in Kerala , India .
Riga Secondary School No . 13 ( Rīgas 13 . vidusskola in Latvian ) is one of the best - known educational establishments in Riga , Latvia .
Rutak ( Persian : روتك‎ , also Romanized as Rūtak ; also known as Rūdtak ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Badarkhali ( বদরখালী ) is a village in southeastern Bangladesh and a Union Parishad .
The Lutheran Church of the Holy Catherine ( Russia , Omsk ) is a unique religious building of the 18th century , preserved in Omsk to this day , it was built for the needs of foreign Protestants , who worked in the governance of Siberian corps and Omsk fortress .
Recklinghausen Hauptbahnhof is a railway station for the city of Recklinghausen in Germany .
Vaymand ( Persian : وايمند‎ , also Romanized as Vāymand ; also known as Wemānd ) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Žunovi ( Serbian : Жунови ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mislata ( Valencian pronunciation : ( mizˈlata ) ) is a municipality in the Valencian Community , in Spain .
Palamu division ( Hindi : पलामू प्रमण्डल ) is one of the five divisions of Jharkhand state in eastern India .
Tariat ( Mongolian : Тариат , crop ) is a sum ( district ) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia .
Mowtowr - e Amini ( Persian : موتوراميني‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Āmīnī ) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Moinhos de Vento ( literally Windmills in English ) is a neighbourhood of the city of Porto Alegre , the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil .
Rathnure ( Irish : Ráth an Iúir , meaning `` ringfort of the yew trees '' ) is a small village on the R731 regional road about 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) from the town of Enniscorthy , County Wexford , Ireland .
The Crusc de Rit ( Italian : Monte Croce ( ˈmonte ˈkroːtʃe ) ; German : Kreuzspitze ) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol , Italy .
Roquefort - la - Bédoule is a commune in the department of Bouches - du - Rhône in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
Salim Kandi ( Persian : سليم كندي‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Kandī ; also known as Tappeh Lar ) is a village in Nazluy - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Villnößer Bach ( Italian : Rio Funes ) is a stream located in South Tyrol , Italy .
Khameslu ( Persian : خامسلو‎ , also Romanized as Khāmeslū ) is a village in Ojarud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
McKenney Avenue and Bellerose Drive are arterial roads in St. Albert , Alberta , Canada .
Salamiou ( Greek : Σαλαμιού ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 6 km northeast of Kelokedara .
Uniszowice ( uniʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Termoli Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Termoli ; Cattedrale di Santa Maria della Purificazione ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Termoli , in the province of Campobasso , central Italy .
Mehrabad - e Mandegari ( Persian : مهرابادماندگاري‎ , also Romanized as Mehrābād - e Māndegārī ; also known as Mehrābād ) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Isa Ahmadi ( Persian : مزرعه عيسي احمدي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye `` Īsá Aḩamdī ) is a village in Kamin Rural District , in the Central District of Pasargad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Latsga ( Georgian : ლაცგა ) is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia .
Yagyabhumi is a town in Dhanusadham Municipality in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
Mowtowr - e Ahmad Afshar ( Persian : موتوراحمدافشار‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Aḩmad Āfshār ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
In British government , the Minister for the Civil Service is responsible for making regulations regarding Her Majesty 's Civil Service , the role of which is to assist the governments of the United Kingdom in formulating and implementing policies .
Azm - e - Nau School & College is a school and college for boys and girls in the City of Ellah Abad ( Kasur ) in Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Sillé - le - Guillaume is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays - de - la - Loire in north - western France , named after Guillaume de Sillé .
The Court of Disputed Returns in Australia is a jurisdiction established by Part XXII of the Commonwealth Electoral Act .
Pain Mahalleh - ye Qasemabad ( Persian : پايين محله قاسم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Qāsemābād ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Jedlová railway station is located in the mountainous region of Jedlová , Czech Republic .
Mazraeh - ye Karimi ( Persian : مزرعه كريمي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Karīmī ) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Vlacherna ( Greek : Βλαχέρνα ) is a village and a former municipality in the Arta regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Lolei ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទលលៃ ) is the northernmost temple of the Roluos group of three late 9th century Hindu temples at Angkor , Cambodia , the others members of which are Preah Ko and the Bakong .
Rymanów - Zdrój ( rɨˈmanuf ˈzdrui̯ ) is a village and a spa in southern Poland , in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in Krosno County .
Konaty ( kɔˈnatɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Galewice , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nyamninia is a village in the Yala division of Siaya County , Kenya .
Aleksiejówka ( alɛkɕɛˈjufka ) , ( Lithuanian : Aleksiejuvka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
The `` Marcia Reale d'Ordinanza '' or `` Fanfara Reale '' ( Royal March of Ordinance / Royal Fanfare ) was the official national anthem of the Kingdom of Italy between 1861 and 1946 .
Cheshmeh Sefid - e Shobankareh ( Persian : چشمه سفيدشبانكاره‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd - e Shobānkāreh ; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd ) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Ravansar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sänna ( Võro : Sännä , German : Sennen ) is a village in Rõuge Parish , Võru County in southeastern Estonia .
Sønder Bjert is a Danish town in the Region of Southern Denmark with a population of 1,953 ( 1 January 2014 ) .
Kujan ( ˈkujan ) ( German Kujan ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Flemlingen is a municipality in Südliche Weinstraße district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , western Germany .
Yadabad - e Sofla ( Persian : يادابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Yādābād - e Soflá ; also known as Yādābād ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bački Breg ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бачки Брег , Croatian : Bereg ) is a village located in the Sombor municipality , in the West Bačka District of Serbia .
Prvačina ( pronounced ( pəɾˈʋaːtʃina ) ; Italian : Prevacina ) is a village in the Vipava Valley in western Slovenia .
Khouzh ( pronounced as khoxh in the local language ) is a village in Pakistan , situated 130 km from Chitral town .
Liubar ( Ukrainian : Любар ) is an urban - type settlement in Liubar Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
The Kanazawa College of Art ( 金沢美術工芸大学 , Kanazawa Bijutsu Kōgei Daigaku , literally Kanazawa Art and Industrial Design University ) ( colloquially known as Bidai ) is a university in Kanazawa , Ishikawa , Japan .
Beit Arif ( Hebrew : בֵּית עָרִיף , lit . House of Cloud ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Western Autistic School , Laverton , Australia , is an educational organisation for students who have an autism spectrum disorder ( ASD ) , which was established in 1979 in a church hall with six pupils .
Sallingsund Bridge ( Sallingsundbroen ) is a bridge that crosses Salling Sund between the island of Mors and the Salling peninsula on the mainland ( Jylland ( Jutland ) ) in Denmark .
Yazdan Panah ( Persian : يزدان پناه‎ , also Romanized as Yazdān Panāh ) is a village in Rigan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Avato ( Greek : Άβατο , Turkish : Beyköy , previously known as Bey Kioy ) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
The Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Coimbra ( ISEC ) is an higher education polytechnic institution of engineering , based in Coimbra , Portugal .
Pallokenttä or Töölön Pallokenttä ( Finnish : Töölön pallokenttä , Swedish : Tölö bollplan ) , also known by its nickname Bollis , is a football stadium in Helsinki , Finland .
Tunnel Records is a record label founded by DJ Dean , and based in Hamburg , Germany .
The Erechtheion or Erechtheum ( /ɪˈrɛkθiəm , ˌɛrɪkˈθiːəm/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἐρέχθειον , Modern Greek : Ερέχθειο ) is an ancient Greek temple on the north side of the Acropolis of Athens in Greece which was dedicated to both Athena and Poseidon .
Jaworzno Bankowe ( jaˈvɔʐnɔ banˈkɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The town 's two football teams , SC Austria Lustenau and FC Lustenau , play in major Austrian football leagues .
Barawal is a Tehsil in Upper Dir District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Dubingiai is a town in Molėtai district in Lithuania .
Qannad ( Persian : قناد‎ , also Romanized as Qannād ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Sharqi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
María Elena Solar Power Plant ( Spanish : Planta Termosolar María Elena ) is a concentrated solar power plant with a molten salt heat storage#Molten salt technology system that is currently under construction in the commune of María Elena in the Antofagasta Region of Chile .
Budy Głogowskie ( ˈbudɨ ɡwɔˈɡɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Zalog pri Cerkljah ( pronounced ( ˈzaːlɔk pɾi tsɛɾˈkljax ) ; German : Salog ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kocahamzalı is a small village in Yenişehir district , which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin , Turkey .
Dáil Éireann ( /dɔɪl ˈɛərən/ ; lit . Assembly of Ireland ) is the lower house , and principal chamber , of the Oireachtas ( Irish legislature ) , which also includes the President of Ireland and Seanad Éireann ( the upper house ) .
Wat Xieng Thong ( or Temple of the Golden City ) is a Buddhist temple ( wat ) , located on the northern tip of the peninsula of Luang Phrabang , Laos .
Ginegar ( Hebrew : גִּנֵּיגָר ) , is a kibbutz in northern Israel not far from Nazareth .
The Arboretum de Gratteloup ( 1 hectare ) is an arboretum located in the Forêt du Dom near Bormes - les - Mimosas , Var , Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur , France .
Triamudomsuksapattanakarn Ratchada School ( Thai : โรงเรียนเตรียมอุดมศึกษาพัฒนาการ รัชดา ( trīːəm ùʔdōm sɯ̀k.săː rat tʃʰa daː ) ) is a school in Bangkok , Thailand , established in 1961 .
Waikowhai Intermediate School is a coeducational intermediate ( Years 7 to 8) school located at 650 Richardson Road , Mount Roskill , Auckland City , New Zealand .
Kyzyl - Kiya ( Kyrgyz : Кызылкыя , Russian : Кызыл-Кия ) is a city in Batken Region , in southwestern Kyrgyzstan .
The Ulldecona Dam , known locally as Embassament d'Ulldecona or Pantà d'Ulldecona ( Spanish : Embalse de Ulldecona ) is a gravity dam located in the Tinença de Benifassà and the Ports de Tortosa - Beseit mountains , within the La Pobla de Benifassà municipal limits , Valencian Community , Spain .
The Narcotic Control Act , passed in 1961 , was one of Canada 's national drug control statutes prior to its repeal by the 1996 Controlled Drugs and Substances Act .
Étang de Bois Rouge is a lake in the city of St . André , Réunion , France .
Mykyty ( Ukrainian : Микити ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Batu Gajah Bypass or Jalan Bemban ( Perak state route ) is a highway bypass in Batu Gajah , Perak , Malaysia .
SLAF Colombo is the Sri Lanka Air Force headquarters in Colombo .
Killokennedy ( Irish : Cill Ó gCinnéide ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Qazan - e Beyk ( Persian : قازان بيك‎ , also Romanized as Qāzān - e Beyk and Qāzān - e Beyg ) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District , Lotfabad District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Torchiarolo is a comune in the province of Brindisi in Apulia , on the south - east coast of Italy .
Pivorai − village in the southeast part of Ignalina district in Lithuania .
Ohr HaTorah Day School was an Orthodox Jewish day school , located in the River Heights neighbourhood of Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Vladimirsky Lager ( Russian : Влади́мирский Ла́герь ) is a rural locality ( mestechko ) in Strugo - Krasnensky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
The Oker Dam ( German : Okertalsperre ) is a dam in the Harz mountains in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Mażucie ( maˈʐut͡ɕe ) ( German : Oberhofen , until 1938 : Masutschen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Château de la Croë is a large detached villa situated in eight hectares of grounds on the Cap d'Antibes peninsula on the Côte d'Azur , in the Alpes - Maritimes department of southern France .
Ferreira do Zêzere ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ ðu ˈzezɨɾ(ɨ ) ) ) is a municipality in Santarém District in Portugal .
Campo de Mayo is a military base located in Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina , 30 km ( 19 mi ) northwest of Buenos Aires .
Ano Pogoni ( Greek : Άνω Πωγώνι ) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Metinvest is a Ukraine - based holding company of mining and steel assets .
The Sphinx Observatory is an astronomical observatory located above the Jungfraujoch in Switzerland .
St. Basil - the - Great College School ( also known locally as St. Basil - The - Great , SBGCS , SBC , St. Basil 's , or just Basil 's ) is a Roman Catholic secondary school of the Toronto Catholic District School Board located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Kama Bridge ( Russian : Мост через Каму ) , is a bridge on the highway R239 between Soroch'i Gory and Alekseevskoye settlements in Tatarstan , Russia .
Vyšný Medzev ( German : Obermetzenseifen , Hungarian : Felsőmecenzéf ) is a village and municipality of Košice - okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Saray Mohammad Hoseyn ( Persian : سراي محمدحسين‎ , also Romanized as Sarāy Moḩammad Ḩoseyn and Sarā Moḩammad Ḩoseyn ) is a village in Khormarud - e Jonubi Rural District , Cheshmeh Saran District , Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Diangokro ( also spelled Diangobo ) is a town in south - central Ivory Coast .
Nehvizdy ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈnɛɦvɪzdɪ ) ) ( German : Newest ) is a market town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Rezina is a city in Moldova and the capital of Rezina District .
The Museum of the City of Brussels ( French : Musée de la ville de Bruxelles , Dutch : Museum van de Stad Brussel ) is a museum on the Grand Place square in Brussels , Belgium .
Bockenem is a town in the district of Hildesheim , Lower Saxony , Germany that was founded in 1154 .
Nowe Ludzicko ( ˈnɔvɛ luˈd͡ʑit͡skɔ ) ( German : Neu Lutzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Buddhist Ladies ' College ( BLC ) is a private girls ' school in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Arorae ( previously known as Arorai , Arurai , Hope Island or Hurd ) is an atoll in Kiribati located near the equator .
Perai River ( also Prai and Trai ; Malay : Sungai Perai ) is a major river in Penang , Malaysia .
The Arboreto di Arco ( 1 hectare ) is an arboretum and botanical garden located at Viale delle Palme , 1 , Arco , Trentino , Italy .
San Antonio de Padua , or plainly Padua , is a city in the Greater Buenos Aires , in Argentina .
Ağusəm ( also , Agusam ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mios Num ( aka Num , Indonesian Pulau Mios Num ) is an island of western New Guinea , Indonesia , just west of Yapen .
Iklaina ( Greek : Ίκλαινα ) is a historic village in the municipal unit of Pylos , Messenia , Greece .
Karkhaneh - ye Yikh Kuhdasht ( Persian : کارخانه يخ کوهدشت‎‎ , also Romanized as Kārkhānh Yīkh Kūhdasht ) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Defensible Barracks is a fortified barracks located at Europa Flats in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Heffingen ( Luxembourgish : Hiefenech ) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg , in the canton of Mersch .
Veliki Borak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велики Борак ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade , the capital of Serbia .
Montreuil Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield , which is located near the commune of La Bazoge in the Pays - de - la - Loire region of northern France .
The Khawak Pass ( elevation 3,848 m ( 12,625 ft ) ) sits across the route heading to the northwest from near the head of the Panjshir Valley through the formidable Hindu Kush range to northern Afghanistan via Andarab and Baghlan .
Zugne is a village in Bumthang District in central Bhutan , located south of Jakar and east of Gyetsa on the Chume River in the Chume Valley .
Yifat ( Hebrew : יִפְעַת , more accurated romanized as `` Yif'at '' ) is a kibbutz in Galilee , northern Israel .
Tangerang is a city in the Province of Banten , Indonesia .
Nahrin is a town in Baghlan Province in north - eastern Afghanistan .
Wargaon is a village in the Kankavli taluka in Maharashtra , India .
`` La Marseillaise '' ( French pronunciation : ​(la maʁsɛjɛz ) ) is the national anthem of France .
The Ruashi Mine is an open - pit copper and cobalt mine operated by Metorex that is located about 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from Lubumbashi in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Gendebelo ( also called Gende Belo ) was an ancient Muslim trading city in Ethiopia .
In 2005 , Clive Peeters bought the Rick Hart chain of retail stores in Western Australia , however the stores continue to trade under the Rick Hart name .
Kilimany ( kiliˈmanɨ ) ( German : Lipniak , 1938 - 45:Friedrichshagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Karamakhi ( Russian : Карамахи ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Buynaksky District of the Republic of Dagestan , Russia .
The Chapel of the Most Blessed Sacrament ( Building code : MBS ; also known as MBS Chapel ) is the main and largest chapel of De La Salle University in Manila , Philippines .
Hornslet is a village located in East Jutland , on the westernmost Djursland , Denmark .
The Six Mile Creek Dam is a rock and earth - fill embankment dam with an un - gated spillway across the Six Mile Creek that is located in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Shahrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان شاهرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
National Institute Of Technology Sikkim ( NIT Sikkim or NITSKM ) is an Institute of National Importance in Sikkim state of India .
The Energy East pipeline is a proposed oil pipeline in Canada .
Dhule Airport ( ICAO : VA53 ) is located at Gondur village near Dhule , Maharashtra , India .
The Grand Mosque of Évry ( French : Grande Mosquée d'Évry ) is a mosque in Évry , Paris , France .
The Stubaital is an alpine valley in Tyrol , Austria .
The Point Addis Marine National Park is a protected marine national park located near Anglesea on the Surf Coast region of Victoria , Australia .
The Château de Courcy is a ruined castle in the commune of Courcy in the south of the Calvados département of France .
Tungenes Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Tungenes fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located at Randaberg , in Rogaland , Norway .
Qorçulu ( also , Qortçulu , Korchulu , and Kyurtchulu ) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Zgornja Ščavnica ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈʃtʃaːu̯nitsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia .
Omloop Het Nieuwsblad , previously Omloop Het Volk , is a single day cycling race in Belgium .
OBC ( sometimes called BCS for Beckmann Cars Sweden AB ) or Ottmar Beckman Cars AB was a car manufacturer in Mantorp , Sweden .
Kobanî Canton ( Kurdish : Kantona Kobaniyê‎ ) is the central of three cantons of de facto autonomous Rojava in northern Syria .
Anglesea Road is a road joining Donnybrook with Ballsbridge , in Dublin , Ireland .
Longwen District ( simplified Chinese : 龙文区 ; traditional Chinese : 龍文區 ; pinyin : Lóngwén Qū ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Liông - bûn - khu ) is a district of Zhangzhou , Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Roy Emerson Arena is a tennis stadium located in Gstaad , Switzerland .
Kiğı ( Kurdish : Gêxî , Armenian : Քղի Kʿġi ) is a town and district of Bingöl Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
Cornell Terminal is a bus terminus , that has been part of long term planning by York Region Transit , and is expected to open in 2017 on a site immediately south of Markham Stouffville Hospital in Markham , Ontario , Canada .
Pielenhofen Abbey ( German : Kloster Pielenhofen ) is a former Cistercian nunnery ( founded in 1240 ) , in Pielenhofen in the valley of the Naab , Bavaria , Germany .
Kolta is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south - west Slovakia .
Choqa Kabud - e Sofla ( Persian : چقاكبودسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Kabūd - e Soflá ; also known as Choqā Kabūd ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Singburi Province Stadium ( Thai : สนามกีฬาจังหวัดสิงห์บุรี ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Singburi province , Thailand .
Corrs Chambers Westgarth ( also Corrs ) is a premium independent commercial law firm in Australia .
Casa Cautiño is a house museum located in the town of Guayama , Puerto Rico .
The United World College Maastricht ( UWCM ) is a United World College located in Maastricht , the Netherlands .
Ventoso is a village ( curazia ) in central San Marino .
St Laurence 's College ( known colloquially as Lauries ) is a private Catholic school for boys and is located in South Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Srbobran ( Serbian Cyrillic : Србобран , IPA : ( sr̩̂bɔbraːn ) , Hungarian : Szenttamás ) is a town and municipality in South Bačka District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
University of Baguio Science High School is a private , non - sectarian science school located in the City of Baguio , Philippines .
Nørre Broby , or simply Broby , is a small town in southwest - central Funen , Denmark , to the northeast of Haarby .
The Réseau d'informations scientifiques du Québec ( English : Quebec Scientific Information Network ; RISQ ) is the optical research and education network in the province of Quebec , Canada .
The Museum of Tyrolean Farms ( German : Museum Tiroler Bauernhöfe ) is an open - air museum in Kramsach , Austria .
Tourat is a town on the island of Saint Lucia ; it is located towards the western coast of the island near Barre Denis .
Gledić mountains ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гледићке планине ) is a mountain range in central Serbia , between cities of Kragujevac , Jagodina and Trstenik .
The Alheimer is a hill in Hesse , Germany .
Penang International Airport ( IATA : PEN , ICAO : WMKP ) , previously known as the Bayan Lepas International Airport , is situated outside the Bayan Lepas suburb at the southeastern end of Penang Island , Malaysia .
Zaloke ( pronounced ( ˈzaːlɔkɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Gwangju Station is on South Korea 's high - speed KTX railway network , 353 km south of Yongsan Station .
The House of Yi , also called the Korean Imperial Household or Jeonju Yi clan , was the household of Joseon and the Korean Empire , consisting of the descendants of Yi Seonggye , the founder of Joseon , known by his posthumous name , Taejo ( `` highest ancestor '' ) .
Pomorzany - Kolonia ( pɔmɔˈʐanɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Paute Dam , also known as the Daniel Palacios Dam and the Amaluza Dam , is the largest hydroelectric dam in Ecuador .
Nuštar is a village and municipality in eastern Croatia , located northeast of Vinkovci and west of Vukovar , on the route D55 .
Estadio Regional de Antofagasta , officially Estadio Regional Calvo y Bascuñán , is a multi - use stadium in Antofagasta , Antofagasta Region , Chile .
Stare Polesie ( ˈstarɛ pɔˈlɛɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Vaghemi ( Persian : وغمي‎ , also Romanized as Vaghemī ) is a village in Kabgian Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Espetk - e Hajji Gholam ( Persian : اسپتك حاجي غلام‎ , also Romanized as Espetk - e Ḩājjī Gholām ; also known as Espetk - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Sangan Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Chah Khashtu ( Persian : چاه خشتو‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Khashtū ; also known as Chāh Khashdū ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Borów Polski ( ˈbɔruf ˈpɔlski ) ( German : Windischborau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Sinivuori Strict Nature Reserve ( Sinivuoren luonnonpuisto ) is a strict nature reserve located in the Pirkanmaa region of Finland .
Maeroa is a suburb in western Hamilton in New Zealand .
Zabukovje nad Sevnico ( pronounced ( zaˈbuːkɔu̯jɛ nat ˈseːu̯nitsɔ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Khanpur railway station ( Urdu : خان پور ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Khanpur city , Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Hasselvika Church ( Norwegian : Hasselvika kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Cerro de las Mitras ( literally ' Hill of the Mitres ' ) , named for its distinctive mitre - shaped structures at the very top viewed from the northern side , is a symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León , Mexico .
Prapreče pri Straži ( pronounced ( ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ pɾi ˈstɾaːʒi ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia .
Gonjače ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈnjaːtʃɛ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Boumba Bek National Park is a national park in extreme southeastern Cameroon , located in its East Province .
El Cronista ( Spanish : The Reporter ) is a daily business newspaper published in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
The Amati Quartet in Residence is a string quartet , associated with the University of Saskatchewan ( U of S ) in Saskatoon , Canada .
Kojsko ( pronounced ( ˈkoːi̯skɔ ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
St. John 's Medical College is one of India 's premier medical institutions .
Byalgrad ( Bulgarian : Бялград , `` white fortress '' ) is a medieval fortress located eight kilometres from the village Gugutka in Haskovo Province , southeastern Bulgaria .
Gandorhun is a major diamond - producing town in Sierra Leone and major town in the Pujehun District of the Southern Province .
Essen ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʔɛsn̩ ) ; Latin : Assindia ) is a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Chenar Khoshkeh ( Persian : چنارخشكه‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Khoshkeh ) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Naro Moru is a small market town in Nyeri County in central Kenya , lying on the Naro Moru River , between Nyeri and Nanyuki .
Hidrodoe is a science museum dedicated to water and located in the Netepark Herentals , Belgium .
The Sriracha Tiger Zoo is a zoo in Sri Racha , a city on the outskirts of Pattaya , a seaside city in Chonburi Province , Thailand .
Tha Ngon is a village in Vientiane Prefecture , Laos , It lies just north of the city of Vientiane and just to the south of the Nam Ngum River .
Milešovka is with its 837 m the highest mountain of České Středohoří , Czech Republic .
Minjuhwa or Minjoohwa ( Hangul : 민주화 ; hanja : 民主化 , sometimes 民主和 ) is a political satire on the word democratization in South Korea .
Teghut Mine is a major copper and molybdenum open - pit mine in Armenia 's northern province of Lori in the village of Teghut with deposits valued at $ 15.5 billion USD ( in 2010 ) .
Košúty ( Hungarian : Nemeskosút ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
Picharagardha is a farming village in the eastern state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Petra tou Digeni ( Greek : Πέτρα του Διγενή , Turkish : Yeniceköy ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 7 km east of Kythrea .
Buka Passage is a narrow strait that separates Buka Island from the northern part of Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea .
Sumpafallen is a nature reserve in Sweden , located along Högvadsån , a tributary to river Ätran .
Zali Log ( pronounced ( ˈzaːli ˈloːk ) ; German : Salilog ) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Duz Aychi ( Persian : دوزايچي‎ , also Romanized as Dūz Āychī and Dūzāychī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubesharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Emamzadeh Taher ( Persian : امامزاده طاهر ‎ ) is located in Iran in the town of Karaj , is one of the most famous cemeteries in Iran .
Lake Lumao is a lake located in the Agusan Valley in the province of Agusan del Sur , Philippines .
Childara ( Persian : چهل‌دره ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Giby ( ˈɡibɨ ) , is a village in Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Estadio Las Higueras was a football stadium in Talcahuano , Chile .
The Sanzhi UFO houses ( Chinese : 三芝飛碟屋 ; pinyin : Sānzhī Fēidiéwū ) , also known as the Sanzhi pod houses or Sanzhi Pod City , were a set of abandoned pod - shaped buildings in Sanzhi District , New Taipei City , Taiwan .
Ivrea railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Ivrea ) is the train station serving the town and comune of Ivrea , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
Gyueshevo ( Bulgarian : Гюешево , pronounced ( ˈɡju.ɛʃɛvu ) ; also transliterated Gjueshevo , Guieshevo , Gjueševo ) is a village in Kyustendil Municipality , Kyustendil Province , in western Bulgaria .
Nordøyan Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Nordøyan fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway .
Solwezi is the capital of the North - Western Province of Zambia .
Khopala is a village and a grampanchayat in Botad district in the state of Gujarat , India .
Sandbore Caye Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at the north end of the Lighthouse Reef at 74 kilometres ( 46 mi ) from Belize City , Belize .
The Yedigöller National Park ( Turkish : Yedigöller , `` seven lakes '' ) also known as Seven Lakes National Park is located in the northern part of Bolu Province in Turkey .
Cordillera de Sama Biological Reserve ( Spanish : Reserva Biológica Cordillera de Sama ) is a protected area in Bolivia located in the Tarija Department , in the Cercado Province , Eustaquio Méndez Province , and José María Avilés Province .
Gatun Lake ( Sp . Lago Gatún ) is a large artificial lake to the south of Colón , Panama .
Senthaneerpuram ( Tamil : செந்தண்ணீர்புரம் ) is an industrial suburb of the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu , India .
Umarga Tahsil is a tahsil / taluka ( subdistrict ) in Osmanabad district , Maharashtra on the Deccan Plateau of India .
Goose Neck Tower is an 87-metre concrete radio tower , near Bell and Mendig in West Germany .
The Stockholm University Student Union ( SUS ) is one of Sweden 's largest student organisations with more than 22,000 members ( as of November 2011 ) .
Lifuka Island Airport ( IATA : HPA , ICAO : NFTL ) , also known as Salote Pilolevu Airport or Haʻapai Airport , is an airport on Lifuka in Tonga .
The Pearl Continental Bhurban , usually shortened to PC Bhurban , is a member of Pearl Continental Hotel chain in Pakistan .
The Wijnegem Shopping Center is a shopping mall in Wijnegem , near Antwerp , Belgium .
The Isthmus of Ofqui lies close to the Chile Triple Junction where the Nazca Plate , the South American Plate , and the Antarctic Plate meets .
Piszkawa ( piʂˈkava ) ( German : Schreiben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Tang Lejari ( Persian : تنگ لجاري‎ , also Romanized as Tang Lejārī ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sint - Amands ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌsɪnt ɑˈmɑnts ) ) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp , Belgium .
The Mulanje Massif , also known as Mount Mulanje , is a large monadnock in southern Malawi only 65 km east of Blantyre , rising sharply from the surrounding plains of Chiradzulu , and the tea - growing Mulanje district .
La Centinela is an archaeological site in Peru which was an active administrative center during both the Inca and pre - Inca periods .
Buangkok MRT Station ( NE15 ) is an underground station located on the North East Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Singapore .
Qaba Sorkh ( Persian : قباسرخ‎ , also Romanized as Qabā Sorkh ; also known as Qaba - i - Surkh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Rasas ( Arabic : رساس‎ , also spelled Rsas ) is a village in southern Syria , administratively part of the al - Suwayda Governorate , located south of al - Suwayda .
The Ansgar 's Church ( Swedish : Ansgariikyrkan ) is a church building in Jönköping , Sweden .
Anicad Sree Bhagavathi Temple is a well - known hindu temple of Bhadrakali goddess located at Anicad , Kottayam district , Kerala , India .
Nikunau is a low coral island in the Gilbert Islands and forms a council district of the Republic of Kiribati .
Vileišis Palace is a Neo - baroque style architectural ensemble in Vilnius , Lithuania , built for Petras Vileišis .
Latifabad Taluka was an administrative subdivision ( taluka ) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Skoger is a village located on the border between Buskerud and Vestfold counties , Norway .
Stade Cheikha Ould Boïdiya is a football stadium located in Nouakchott , Mauritania which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators .
Mali Badić ( Cyrillic : Мали Бадић ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Brisbane Institute was an independent think tank based in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , founded in 1999 .
Kuh Yakhab Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كوه يخاب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Goodnight , Sunrise is a Canadian indie rock band from Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Chavanga ( Russian : Чаваньга ) is the rural locality ( a Selo ) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Boudenib ( Arabic : بوذنيب‎ ) is a town in eastern Morocco , close to the border with Algeria , in the Atlas Mountains .
The Sierra Madre Occidental is a mountain range in western Mexico .
Sefid Khani - ye Olya ( Persian : سفيدخاني عليا‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Sefīd Khānī ) is a village in Zangvan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 27 , in 9 families .
The Route nationale 22 ( RN22 ) is a highway in southern France , connecting l'Hospitalet - près - l'Andorre to Pas de la Casa in the Principality of Andorra .
Bavarians ( Bavarian : Boarn , Standard German : Bayern ) are an ethnographic group of Germans of the Bavaria region , a state within Germany .
Museo Castillo Serrallés ( English : Serrallés Castle Museum ) is a museum in the city of Ponce , Puerto Rico , that showcases the history of sugar cane and rum industries and its impact in the economy of Puerto Rico .
Chin State ( Burmese : ချင်းပြည်နယ် ; MLCTS : hkyang : pranynai , pronounced : ( tɕʰɪ́ɴ pjìnɛ̀ ) ) is a state in western Myanmar .
Upper Hutt central business district is the commercial and geographic focal point of Upper Hutt city , located in the lower North Island of New Zealand .
Aliman ( Romanian pronunciation : ( aliˈman ) ) is a commune in Constanţa County , Romania .
Kahel Qeshlaq ( Persian : كهل قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Kahel Qeshlāq ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ovanåker is a locality situated in Ovanåker Municipality , Gävleborg County , Sweden with 212 inhabitants in 2010 .
Skidegate Inlet is an inlet on the east coast of the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Golkapargeh ( Persian : گل کپرگه‎ ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Donja Vrbava ( ( Serbian : Доња Врбава ) ) is a village in central Serbia .
Sint - Kruis is suburb of Bruges in the province of West Flanders in Belgium .
Hanus ( ˈxanus ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Bankouale is a town in Tadjoura region of Djibouti .
The Daedong Bay Important Bird Area lies on the north - eastern coast of the Yellow Sea on the west coast of North Korea near the mouth of the Taedong River .
The High School I.E.S. Mariano Quintanilla , Segovia is a state High School in Segovia , Spain , Europe .
Alonakia ( Greek : Αλωνάκια ) is a municipal department of the city of Kozani in northern Greece .
Mäntyharju ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈmæntyˌɦɑrju ) , `` Pine Ridge '' ) is a municipality of Finland .
Newswest is a community publication serving a number of communities within Canada 's National Capital Region .
Isfahan University of Technology ( IUT ) ( Persian : دانشگاه صنعتی اصفهان Dāneshgāh - e San'ati - ye Esfahān ) is one of the most prestigious engineering universities in Iran .
Ernesto Tornquist Provincial Park ( Spanish : Parque Provincial Ernesto Tornquist ) is a provincial protected area in the south of Buenos Aires Province , mid - eastern Argentina .
Al Fashir , Al - Fashir or El Fasher ( Arabic : الفاشر‎ ) is the capital city of North Darfur , Sudan .
Sunhwa Arts School is a private coeducational college preparatory arts academy located in Seoul , South Korea .
Obadan is a small town located in Nigeria , about 38.5 kilometres ( 23.9 mi ) east of Benin City , Edo State , Nigeria .
Sarban minaret ( Persian : مناره ساربان‎ ) is a historical minaret in Isfahan , Iran .
Oido ( Hangul : 오이도 ; hanja : 烏耳島 ) is an island on the West Coast region of South Korea 's Gyeonggi Province ( also known as Gyeonggi - do ) .
Fumay ( French pronunciation : ​(fy.mɛ ) ) is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France , very close to the Belgian border .
The Jaú River ( São Paulo ) is a river in the São Paulo state of southeastern Brazil .
Founded in 1872 , the Rutgers University Glee Club ( RUGC ) is the eighth oldest Glee Club in the United States of America , a nationally recognized men 's chorus based at Rutgers University , in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
Deivaseyalpuram is located in the Tirunelveli - Thoothukudi on National Highway 7A in India .
Khiytola ( Russian : Хийтола ; Finnish : Hiitola ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) in Lakhdenpokhsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia .
The church known as Goslar Cathedral ( German : Goslarer Dom ) was the collegiate church of St. Simon and St. Jude in the town of Goslar in central Germany .
The Parc des Princes ( French pronunciation : ​(paʁk de pʁɛ̃s ) , literally `` Park of the Princes '' or `` Princes ' Park '' in English ) is an all - seater football stadium located in the southwest of Paris , France .
Nyuya River ( Russian : Нюя ) is a river in Sakha , Russia .
Wąbrzeźno ( vɔmˈbʐɛʑnɔ ) ( German : Briesen ) is a town in Poland , in the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , about 35 kilometres ( 22 miles ) northeast of Toruń .
Plumancy Square ( in French : place Plumancy ) is a town square , situated in Périgueux ( France ) .
Surbiton Park is an area in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in Greater London , United Kingdom .
Harun va Sakez ( Persian : هارون وسكز‎ , also Romanized as Hārūn va Sakez ; also known as Hārūn Sagez , Hārūn Sakez , and Hārūn Sakkez ) is a village in Fedashkuyeh Rural District , Shibkaveh District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sapuny ( saˈpunɨ ) ( German : Sapuhnen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ithaka Science Center , a hands - on science education center in Tegelen in the Netherlands was founded in 2008 as a non - profit organization by Vaggelis E. Fragiadakis and Margriet van Tulder and funded as a public - private partnership .
Ubari Airport is an airport in Ubari , Libya ( IATA : QUB , ICAO : HLUB ) .
Humberstone and Santa Laura Saltpeter Works are two former saltpeter refineries located in northern Chile .
Greylingstad ( Afrikaans for Greyling City ) is a small farming town west of Standerton in Mpumalanga , South Africa .
Lahouda ( also spelled Laouda ) is a village in southern Ivory Coast .
Kołdów ( ˈkɔu̯duf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nazeriyeh ( Persian : ناظريه‎ , also Romanized as Nāz̧erīyeh ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Webster 's Falls , noted for its panoramas , is a 22 metre high classical curtain/ plunge waterfall found in the Spencer Gorge / Webster 's Falls Conservation Area in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Traunkirchen is a municipality on the Traunsee in the Austrian state of Upper Austria , Austria .
Agenais , or Agenois , was an ancient region that became a county ( Old French : conté or cunté ) of France , south of Périgord .
The Rangkul Valley Important Bird Area is a 1612 km2 tract of land in eastern Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province in eastern Tajikistan , not far from the border with China .
Farkhan - e Kohneh ( Persian : فرخان كهنه‎ , also Romanized as Farkhān - e Kohneh ) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gwadar Bay is located in the Gulf of Oman on the maritime border of Pakistan and Iran .
Sandøyna or Sandøya is the largest island in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The BD Somani International School is an International Baccalaureate- and IGCSE - certified school in Mumbai , India .
Chwaszczyno ( xfaʂˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) ( German : Quaschin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khirkiqucha ( Quechua khirki armadillo / very rough , qucha lake , `` armadillo lake '' or `` rough lake '' , hispanicized spelling Querquecocha ) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region , Chumbivilcas Province , Velille District .
Anglity ( anˈɡlitɨ ) ( German : Angnitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Skamby is a village in Denmark , with a population of 446 ( 1 January 2014 ) , in Nordfyn municipality on the island of Funen .
Kuusankosken Kumu was a football club established in 1964 from Kuusankoski , Finland .
Mohammad Rakhshani ( Persian : محمد رخشاني‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Rakhshānī ) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Shaft County ( Persian : شهرستان شفت‎ ) is a county in Gilan Province in Iran .
Shibar Pass is situated at a height of 3,000 m above sea - level and is one of the two main routes from Kabul to Bamiyan in central Afghanistan .
Kolding ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈkʰʌleŋ ) ) is a Danish seaport located at the head of Kolding Fjord in the Region of Southern Denmark .
Pasni Tehsil ( Urdu : تحصِيل پسنى‎ ) , is a subdivision ( tehsil ) of Gwadar District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan .
The Research Institute of Industrial Economics ( IFN ) is a research institute in economics based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Knysna Local Municipality is a municipality part of Eden District Municipality located in the Western Cape Province of South Africa .
San Paolo Albanese ( Arbëresh : Shën Pali Arbëresh ) is a village and comune of 328 people in the province of Potenza , in the Basilicata region of southern Italy .
Norwegian County Road 420 is a county road in Vest - Agder and Aust - Agder county , Norway .
The Turkish and Islamic Arts Museum ( Turkish : Türk ve İslam Eserleri Müzesi ) is a museum located in Sultanahmet Square in Fatih district of Istanbul , Turkey .
Qaravolan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان قراولان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Loveh District , Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Hacışəkər is a village in the municipality of Yuxarı Ələz in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Starowlany ( starɔˈvlanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Primštal ( pronounced ( ˈpɾiːmʃtau̯ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Naqdu ( Persian : نقدو‎ , also Romanized as Naqdū ) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Peenemünde ( German pronunciation : ( peːnəˈmʏndə ) , English : `` Peene ( River ) Mouth '' ) is a municipality on the Baltic Sea island of Usedom in the Vorpommern - Greifswald district in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Lónya is a tiny , old village in County of Szabolcs - Szatmár - Bereg , Hungary .
Keumjeong High School ( Korean : 금정고등학교 , Hanja : 金井高等學校 ) , located in Busan , is a high school in South Korea .
Kolivand ( Persian : كليوند‎ , also Romanized as Kolīvand ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Donji Tavankut ( Serbian Cyrillic : Доњи Таванкут ) , also known simply as Tavankut ( Таванкут ) , is a village located some 16 km west of Subotica , Serbia .
It lies to the south of Nakuru , in the rift valley of Kenya and is protected by Lake Nakuru National Park .
Stieltjeskanaal is a canal in the Netherlands and it is part of the Coevorden municipality in Drenthe .
Chrząszczewska Island is an island in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - western Poland with an area of 10 km2 , located in Dziwna straits , in Kamień Pomorski County , linked with the mainland by bridge around the town of Kamień Pomorski .
Ulaanbadrakh ( Mongolian : Улаанбадрах , Red blossom ) is a sum ( district ) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia .
The Commando Memorial is a Category A listed monument in the United Kingdom , dedicated to the men of the original British Commando Forces raised during World War II . Situated around a mile from Spean Bridge village , it overlooks the training areas of the Commando Training Depot established in 1942 at Achnacarry Castle .
Velike Lipljene ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɛ ˈliːpljɛnɛ ) ; German : Großliplein ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
Located in Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada , Yorkville University is an accredited , private , non - denominational university , specializing in online university degree programs .
Chortovets ( Ukrainian : Чортовець , Polish : Czortowiec , Russian : Chertovets , Hebrew : צ'ורטובייץ‎ ) is a village , located near Horodenka and Obertyn in Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Nakolec ( Macedonian : Наколец ; Albanian : Nakolec / i ) is a village on Lake Prespa in Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia .
Latingan ( Persian : لتينگان‎ , also Romanized as Latīngān ; also known as Lītangān ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Whangapoua is a small settlement of mostly holiday houses on the Coromandel Peninsula of New Zealand .
Haji Khel is a town located at 32.9928 ° N 67.9653 ° E at 2,117 m altitude in the northern part of Ab Band district , Ghazni Province , Afghanistan and is the capital of the district .
The Atea Cave is a very large cave at the base of a 300 m deep doline in the highlands of Papua New Guinea .
Dragožani ( Macedonian : Драгожани ) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia .
Dabayin ( Burmese : ဒီပဲယင္း ; also spelled Debayin , Depayin , or Tabayin , or Ngapayin ) is a town in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar .
Mowtowr - e Amir Hasan Beg ( Persian : موتوراميرحسن بگ‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Amīr Ḩasan Beg ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mosfileri ( Greek : Μοσφιλερή ) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , just east of the Kokkina exclave .
Qermezi Bolagh ( Persian : قرمزي بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Qermezī Bolāgh ; also known as Qermez Bolāgh ) is a village in Baruq Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nithar Ke ( Punjabi , Urdu : نٹھر کے‎ ) is a village of Bhawana tehsil in district of Chiniot , Punjab , Pakistan .
Meshchyorsky National Park ( Russian : Национальный парк `` Мещерский '' ) covers extensive wetlands ( swamps , peat bogs , rivers and lakes ) and pine / birch woodlands in the Meshchera Lowlands on the East European Plain in the northern section of Ryazan Oblast , Russia , about 120 km east of Moscow .
Suomusjärvi ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈsuomusˌjærʋi ) ) is a former municipality of Finland .
Leinesfjord Chapel ( Norwegian : Leinesfjord kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county , Norway .
Sevilla la Nueva is a town located in the south west of the Community of Madrid , Spain .
Mier Municipality is one of the municipalities of Tamaulipas , Mexico .
The vineyards of Achkarren are considered part of the best in Germany .
Mowtowr - e Ab Faqirdad Jadgal ( Persian : موتور آب فقيرداد جدگال‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Āb Faqīrdād Jadgāl ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Upper Weser Valley ( German : Oberes Wesertal ) in central Germany has been formed by the Upper Weser river cutting through the Weser Uplands for around 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) between the towns of Hann .
Gezende Dam is an arch dam on the Ermenek River in Mersin Province , Turkey .
Little Rock Chapel Falls is an 8 metre high horsetail ribbon waterfall found on Royal Botanical Gardens controlled property in Flamborough , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Trépillots is an industrial park located in Besançon ( Doubs , France ) .
Przyrowie ( pʂɨˈrɔvjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gerd Ashvan ( Persian : گرداشوان‎ , also Romanized as Gerd Āshvān ) is a village in Lahijan Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Strathcona County Library is a publicly funded library in the special municipality of Strathcona County , Alberta , Canada .
Mazraeh - ye Jannatabad ( Persian : مزرعه جنت اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Jannatābād ; also known as Jannatābād ) is a village in Aqda Rural District , Aqda District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Lakhdenpokhya ( Russian : Лахденпо́хья ; Finnish : Lahdenpohja ) is a town and the administrative center of Lakhdenpokhsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia , located 330 kilometers ( 210 mi ) west of Petrozavodsk on the Aurayoki River .
Qiwi is a publicly traded Russian payment service provider headquartered in Nicosia ( Cyprus ) , that operates electronic online payment systems primarily in Russia , Kazakhstan , Moldova , Belarus , Romania , the United States , and the United Arab Emirates .
Goričica pri Ihanu ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsa pɾi iˈxaːnu ) ) is a small settlement east of Ihan in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Penang Bridge ( Malay : Jambatan Pulau Pinang ; Chinese : 槟威大桥 ; pinyin : Bīn - Wēi dà qiáo ; Tamil : பினாங்கு பாலம் ) , route E36 , is a 13.5-kilometre ( 8.4-mile ) dual carriageway toll bridge and controlled - access highway in the state of Penang , Malaysia .
Çorçorbinə is a village in the municipality of Poştbinə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Cekin Mansion ( Slovene : Cekinov grad ) is a mansion on the northern edge of Tivoli Park in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
San Miguel , Bulacan ( Filipino : Bayan ng San Miguel ; Kapampangan : Balen ning Mayumu ) is a first class , urban municipality located in the third district of the province of Bulacan , Philippines .
Bangalore Military School ( Rashtriya Military School Bangalore or King George Royal Indian Military College ) is a residential school in Bangalore , Karnataka , India , established on 1 August 1946 .
Sunnmørsalpane ( English : Sunnmøre Alps ) is a collective term for the mountains range in the Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The SP-81 is a highway in the southeastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Bolghan ( Persian : بلغان‎‎ , also Romanized as Bolghān ) is a village in Harm Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gul Imam is an administrative unit , known as Union council , of Tank District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Hacıuşağı ( also , Gadzhi - Ushagy and Gadzhyushagy ) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ascq Communal Cemetery is a cemetery located in the former village of Ascq , today a district of Villeneuve d'Ascq , Nord , France .
Oksenøya or Uksenøya is an island in the Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Taidepoliisi ( Finnish for `` arts police '' ) is a statue designed by Pekka Kauhanen , located in Espoo , Finland , in the roundabout between Pohjantie and Ahertajantie .
Oppsal is a suburb in the borough of Østensjø in Oslo , Norway .
Lutomirów ( lutɔˈmiruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Mannar mass grave is located in Mannar , Sri Lanka .
Al - Mukharram al - Tahtani ( Arabic : مخرم التحتاني‎ ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located northeast of Homs .
Ashti Bolagh ( Persian : اشتي بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Āshtī Bolāgh ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pantanaw Township ( Burmese : ပန်းတနော်မြို့နယ် ( páɴtənɔ̀ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) ) is a township of Maubin District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar .
Christopher Columbus Museum is a museum in Valladolid in western Spain built in 1968 .
Kotilingeshwara is the presiding deity of the temple of the same name in the village of Kammasandra in India .
Onsøy is a peninsula and a former municipality in Østfold county , Norway .
Noramut ( Armenian : Նորամուտ ) , is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Chah Quski ( Persian : چاه قوسكي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Qūskī ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rasiei is a village which is the administrative centre of the district of Rasiey , in Wondama Bay Regency of West Papua province of Indonesia .
German submarine U-394 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She carried out two patrols .
Rozstępniewo ( rɔsstɛmpˈɲɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Jacmel Film Festival is a Haitian festival celebrated in the seaside city of Jacmel , Haiti .
Straža pri Novi Cerkvi ( pronounced ( ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi ˈnɔːʋi ˈtseːɾkʋi ) ) is a settlement in the hills north of Nova Cerkev in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
The elite Breach Candy Club in the neighbourhood features the country 's largest India - shaped swimming pool .
St. Servatius ' College is a boys ' school located in the Matara District , the southern - most District of Sri Lanka 's .
Aapajärvi is the biggest lake in Tornio , Finland .
Kutná Hora ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkutnaː ˈɦora ) ; medieval Czech : Hory Kutné ; German : Kuttenberg ) is a city situated in the Central Bohemian Region of Bohemia , which is now part of the Czech Republic .
Tayopa is the name of a legendary lost silver mine in the Sierra Mountains of Mexico .
Pariveh - ye Sofla ( Persian : پريوه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Parīveh - ye Soflá ; also known as Parīvar - e Pā’īn , Parīveh , and Parīveh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Percy Doyle Reserve is a sporting facility in Duncraig , Western Australia currently used for association football .
Kaspry ( ˈkasprɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pyshkivtsi ( Ukrainian : Пишківці ) is a village in the Buchach Raion ( district ) of the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Örbyhus Castle ( Swedish : Örbyhus slott ) is a castle in Tierp Municipality , Sweden .
Puerto Libertador ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpweɾto liβeɾtaˈðor ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department , northern Colombia .
Jarków ( ˈjarkuf ) ( German : Järker ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sallanches is a commune in the Haute - Savoie department of France with a resident population of over 16,000 .
Vikingarännet , ( The Viking Run ) , is a long distance ice skating race and tour skating event between Uppsala and Stockholm in Sweden .
Chum Het ( Thai : ชุมเห็ด ) is a town ( thesaban mueang ) in Thailand , about 413 km northeast of Bangkok .
Nowy Rdutów ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈrdutuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hamiville ( Luxembourgish : Heesdref ) is a village in the commune of Wincrange , in northern Luxembourg .
Arbat - e Sofla ( Persian : اربطسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Arbaţ - e Soflá ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Korczowa - Krakovets is a land border crossing between Ukraine and Poland .
Sumaila is a historic town and headquarters of a Local Government Area in Kano State , Northern Nigeria .
Randers Tropical Zoo ( Danish : Randers Regnskov ) is an indoor zoo in Randers , Denmark .
Praia do Guincho ( English : Guincho Beach ) is a popular Atlantic blue flag beach located on Portugal 's Estoril coast , 5 km from the town of Cascais , and is located in the municipality of Cascais , more precisely in the parishes of Cascais and Alcabideche , in the District of Lisbon .
Rachowa ( raˈxɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tall Ship Chronicles was a television series produced in Canada in 2001 and 2002 .
Villa Armira ( Bulgarian : Вила `` Армира '' ) is a 1st - century suburban Roman villa in southeastern Bulgaria , located in the proximity of Ivaylovgrad , Haskovo Province .
Orton Island is an island about 1 km southeast of Cape Grenville in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland , Australia , in Temple Bay about 200 km northeast of Iron Range National Park and Lockhart River in the Cape York Peninsula .
Bothmanskloof Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa , on the Regional road R46 between Malmesbury and Riebeek Kasteel .
Zeballos Peak , formerly known as Zeballos Mountain , is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 14 km ( 9 mi ) northeast of Zeballos and 10 km ( 6 mi ) northwest of Rugged Mountain .
The Emu Bay Shale is a geological formation in Emu Bay , South Australia , containing a major Konservat - Lagerstätten ( fossil beds with soft tissue preservation ) .
Jebel Ghawil or Jabal Ghawil is a village and a mountain in Al Buraimi Governorate , in northeastern Oman .
Dolenji Boštanj ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnji bɔˈʃtaːn ) ; German : Untersavenstein ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
The Port of Shëngjin or Shëngjin Harbor ( Albanian : Porti i Shëngjinit ) is a port of Albania in the city of Shëngjin , Albania .
Reuchlin - Gymnasium ( germ . for Reuchlin Grammar School ) is a general educating grammar school of the town Pforzheim in Germany with one lingual and one scientific orientation .
Bakhti - ye Bala ( Persian : بختي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Bakhtī - ye Bālā ; also known as Dar Moḩammad , Bakhtī , and Qanāt - e Seyyed Moḩammad ) is a village in Birk Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Kishon River ( Hebrew : נחל הקישון‎ , Nachal HaKishon ; Arabic : نهر المقطع‎ , Nahr el - Mokatta , or Mukutta ' , -- the river of slaughter or dismemberment ; Alternative Arabic , الكيشون al - Qisun ) is a river in Israel that flows into the Mediterranean Sea near the city of Haifa .
Batalden Chapel ( Norwegian : Batalden bedehuskapell ) is a chapel in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Asni ( Arabic : أسني‎ ) is a small town in the foothills of the High Atlas mountains near Marrakech , Morocco .
Kithulgoda is village which is situated in Kalutara District of Sri Lanka .
The Fajr International Film Festival ( Persian : جشنواره بین المللی فیلم فجر‎‎ ) and Fajr Film Festival ( Persian : جشنواره فیلم فجر‎‎ ) are Iran 's annual film festivals , held every February and April in Tehran , Iran .
Alta Church ( Norwegian : Alta kirke ) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Jewish Museum of Thessaloniki ( Greek : Εβραϊκό Μουσείο Θεσσαλονίκης ) ( Judaeo - Spanish or Ladino : Museo Djidio De Salonik ) is a museum in Thessaloniki , Central Macedonia , Greece presenting the history of Sephardic Jews and Jewish life in Thessaloniki .
Kursztyn ( ˈkurʂtɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Kloof mine is a large mine located in the northern part of South Africa in Gauteng .
MCB Tower situated in Karachi , Pakistan is the headquarters of MCB Bank Limited .
Nasmah is a settlement in the former Mizda district of Libya .
The Bishop of North Queensland , exercises episcopal leadership over the Diocese of North Queensland of the Anglican Church of Australia .
Luçon ( pronounced : ( lysɔ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Kowalowo ( kɔvaˈlɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Nurdağı is a district and city of Gaziantep Province of Turkey .
Villiers - sur - Orge is a commune in the arrondissement of Palaiseau , in the Essonne department , in the Île - de - France region .
Bélmez de la Moraleda , or simply Bélmez , is a city located in the province of Jaén , Andalusia , southern Spain .
Air Comet ( formerly Air Plus Comet ) was an airline based in Madrid , Spain .
Veliki Berehi or Velyki Berehy ( Ukrainian : Великі Береги , Hungarian : Vári or Mezővári ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
The Bombers Affair ( Luxembourgish : Affär Bommeleeër ) is the name given to a series of bomb attacks on Infrastructure installations and public buildings in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg between May 1984 and April 1986 .
Snarøya is a populated peninsula in the inner Oslofjord in Norway .
Cieszkowice ( t͡ɕɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Badengan - e Sofla ( Persian : بادنگان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bādengān - e Soflá ; also known as Bādangūn - e Pā’īn , Bādengān - e Pā’īn , and Bādengūn Soflá ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Acheral is a settlement in Tucumán Province in the Monteros Department in northern Argentina in proximity to the Pre - Cordilleras of the Andes .
The Palace of the Holy Office ( Italian : Palazzo del Sant'Uffizio ) is a building in Rome which is an extraterritorial property of Vatican City .
The Goulais River ( Pronounced : goo - lee ) is a river in northern Ontario which rises in the Algoma highlands and empties into Goulais Bay on eastern Lake Superior near Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada .
Teatro da Cornucópia is a theatre company in Portugal founded in 1973 by Jorge Silva Melo and Luís Miguel Cintra with the staging of the play The Misanthrope by Molière .
Brabrand Lake ( Danish : Brabrand - søen or Brabrand Sø ) is a lake in the district of Brabrand ( Gellerup ) , west of Aarhus city , Denmark .
In the United Kingdom , the National Shipyards were proposed , and partially completed , by the coalition government led by David Lloyd George during the First World War .
Aguada Guzmán is a village and municipality in the El Cuy Department in Río Negro Province in the northern Patagonian section of Argentina .
Wyszonki - Włosty ( vɨˈʂɔŋki ˈvwɔstɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rawa Mazowiecka ( ˈrava mazɔˈvʲɛt͡ska ) is a town in central Poland , with 17,765 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Battenberg ( Eder ) is a small town in the Waldeck - Frankenberg state of Hesse , Germany .
Venlo ( Dutch : ( ˈvɛnloː ) ) is a municipality and a city in the southeastern Netherlands , near the German border .
Benkovac ( pronounced ( běːnkovat͡s ) ) is a town and municipality in the interior of Zadar County , Croatia .
Trident , Chennai is a five - star hotel located on GST Road at Meenambakkam , Chennai , India , directly across GST Road from the Chennai International Airport , about 20 minutes from the Chennai city centre .
The church of Santa Maria Maggiore della Pietrasanta is a religious edifice in central Naples , Italy on Via Tribunali .
Max Stern Academic College of Emek Yezreel ( המכללה האקדמית עמק יזרעאל ) is a college located in the Jezreel Valley ( Galilee region ) of Israel , between the cities Afula and Nazareth , and next to Kfar Gid'on , Tel Adashim and Mizra .
This settlement was initially called Port - de - France and was renamed Nouméa in 1866 .
Drešinja Vas ( Slovene : Drešinja vas ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Žalec in east - central Slovenia .
La Caletta is a small town , a harbour and a tourist destination in Sardinia , Italy .
The Arashan River ( Kyrgyz : Арашан ) is a river in the Ak - Suu District , Issyk Kul Region , northeastern Kyrgyzstan .
Cooties Reef is a narrow islet , with an area of 0.15 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Shivehju ( Persian : شيوه جو‎ , also Romanized as Shīvehjū ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The 2005 European Race Walking Cup was held in Miskolc , Hungary , on May 21 , 2005 .
Belene ( Bulgarian : Белене ) is a town in Pleven Province , Northern Bulgaria .
The Korps landelijke politiediensten ( KLPD ; National Police Services Agency ) is the national police force in the Netherlands , responsible for specialist missions that benefit from a centralized approach .
The Jandakot Mound , or Jandakot Groundwater Mound , is an unconfined aquifer in south - western Western Australia .
Mouila is the capital of the Ngounié region of Gabon .
Askersund is a locality and the seat of Askersund Municipality , Örebro County , Sweden with a population census of 3,887 inhabitants in 2010 .
Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz , Chile .
Mestre ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmɛstre ) ) is the center and the most populated urban area of the mainland of Venice , part of the territory of the Metropolitan City of Venice , in Veneto , northern Italy .
San Rafael Pie de la Cuesta ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san rafaˈel pje ðe la ˈkwesta ) ) is a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala .
Mount Ball is a mountain located on the Continental Divide , on the borders of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada .
The University of Milan or UNIMI ( Italian : Università degli Studi di Milano ) is a higher education institution in Milan , Italy .
The Lesko Stone ( Polish : Kamień Leski ) is a distinctive rock formation in the forest near the city of Lesko in the Bieszczady Mountains in Poland .
Ciuślice ( t͡ɕuˈɕlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Mowtowr - e Beyt Allahi ( Persian : بمپور بيت الهي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Beyt Allahī ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Głuponie ( ɡwuˈpɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Śmidzięcino ( ɕmid͡ʑenˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Schmidtenthin ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sar Seyf ( Persian : سرسيف‎ ) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Isla Contadora ( or Contadora Island in English ) is a Panamanian island on the Pearl Islands archipelago ( Spanish : Archipielago de las Perlas ) in the Gulf of Panama .
Stary Żylin ( ˈstarɨ ˈʐɨlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shahidi Hassas District ( also called Caher Cineh - pronounced char chineh ) is a district of Oruzgan Province , Afghanistan .
Niewierszyn ( ɲɛˈvjɛrʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Balatonkenese is a little town in Veszprém county , Hungary , by the Lake Balaton .
Allah Kandi ( Persian : الله كندي‎ , also Romanized as Allāh Kandī ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Central University of South Bihar ( CUSB ) is one of the sixteen newly established Central Universities by the Government of India under the Central Universities Act , 2009 ( Section 25 of 2009 ) .
Chenar Rudkhan ( Persian : چناررودخان‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Rūdkhān ; also known as Chenār , Chēnar , and Chinar ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Ahmadsargurab District , Shaft County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Instituto Escuela del Sur S.C. ( IE ) is a private middle school and high school ( preparatoria ) in Tlalpan , Mexico City .
The Canche estuary was the first site in northern France where a conservation victory , in respect of the coast , was first achieved , in 1976 .
Allahabad Airport or Bamrauli Airport ( IATA : IXD , ICAO : VIAL ) is located at Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Agioi Pantes ( Greek : Άγιοι Πάντες ) is a settlement on the island of Zakynthos , Greece .
Martin Luther 's Death House ( German : Martin Luthers Sterbehaus ) is the historic building in Eisleben , Germany , where it was incorrectly thought that Martin Luther died on 18 February 1546 .
Qaleh - ye Bashi ( Persian : قلعه باشي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Bāshī and Qal``eh Bāshī ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 84 , in 15 families .
Mevang is a town in the Abanga - Bigne Department of Moyen - Ogooué Province , in northwestern Gabon .
Tovariševo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Товаришево ) is a village in Serbia , in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina .
Teslin Lake is a large lake spanning the border between British Columbia and Yukon , Canada .
Guelmim ( Arabic : كلميم‎ , also spelled Glaimim , Goulimine or Guelmin ; in Shilha , it is called Agʷlmim ) , is a city in southern Morocco , often called Gateway to the Desert ( la porte du désert ) .
Královo Pole indoor arena was an indoor sporting arena located in Brno , Czech Republic .
Kota Kinabalu ( Malaysian pronunciation : ( ˈkota kinaˈbalu ) , Jawi : کوتا کينا بالو‎ , Chinese : 亚庇 ; pinyin : Yàbì ) , formerly known as Jesselton , is the capital of the state of Sabah , Malaysia .
Munyati ( formerly Umniati ) is a small town in Midlands province in Zimbabwe .
Fogars de la Selva is a municipality in the comarca of the Selva in Catalonia , Spain .
West Melton Aerodrome ( IATA : WML , ICAO : NZWL ) is a small airport located in West Melton , Canterbury , New Zealand .
The Province of Padua ( Provincia di Padova ) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy .
Sejenice ( pronounced ( sɛjɛˈniːtsɛ ) ) is a small roadside settlement east of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Violet Town is a town in northeastern Victoria , Australia .
Cham - e Zin ( Persian : چمزين‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Zīn and Chamzīn ) is a village in Saman Rural District , Saman District , Shahrekord County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Ankaratra is an extinct / dormant volcano range located about 50 kilometers southwest of Antananarivo , the capital city of Madagascar .
Sierra de Aracena is the westernmost mountain range of the Sierra Morena , Andalusia , Spain .
Vlaška planina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Влашка планина ) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia , near the town of Dimitrovgrad .
The General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador ( known as the General Assembly of Newfoundland until 6 December 2001 ) is the legislature of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Korsnes Church ( Norwegian : Korsnes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county , Norway .
Kearsney College is a private boarding school for boys in Botha 's Hill , a small town between the provincial capital of Pietermaritzburg and Durban , in the KwaZulu - Natal province of South Africa .
Captain Aníbal Arab Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Capitán Aníbal Arab ) ( IATA : CIJ , ICAO : SLCO ) is an airport serving Cobija , a city in the Pando department of Bolivia .
Sant'Orso , or Saint - Ours , is a collegiate church in Aosta , northern Italy , dedicated to Saint Ursus of Aosta .
Bornhagen is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia , Germany , located at the foot of the ruins of Hanstein Castle .
Pełczyce ( pɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Bernstein ; Kashubian : Bersztén ) is a town in Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,669 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Arzen region ( Medieval Armenia , today 's Eastern Turkey ) was conquered partially by the emir of Mardastan in 868 , and was occupied by Shaybanid dynasty c. 897/898 .
Tiilikkajärvi National Park ( Finnish : Tiilikkajärven kansallispuisto ) is a national park in the Northern Savonia and Kainuu regions of Finland .
Tuamarina ( often spelled Tua Marina ) is a locality in Marlborough , New Zealand .
Nana Machiyala is a small village located about 7 kilometers away from the city of Amreli in the state of Gujarat in India .
Kilinia ( Greek : Kοιλίνια ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 2 km east of Statos .
Melhus Church ( Norwegian : Melhus kirke ) , also known as `` the Gauldal Cathedral '' , is a large stone Protestant church in Melhus , Norway .
Verdalsøra Chapel ( Norwegian : Verdalsøra kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Verdal in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
One Raffles Link ( Chinese : 莱佛士连道一号 ) is an office building located at Marina Centre , Singapore .
The Krodo Altar ( German : Krodoaltar ) in Goslar , Germany , is an altar made entirely of bronze and is the only surviving metal church altar from the Romanesque period .
The Speos Artemidos ( Grotto of Artemis ) is an archaeological site in Egypt .
Elkosh ( Hebrew : אֶלְקוֹשׁ ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
The Bormina is an indigenous breed of domestic goat from the Valtellina , in the northern part of the province of Sondrio , in Lombardy in northern Italy .
Francisco Carle Airport ( IATA : JAU , ICAO : SPJJ ) is a small regional airport serving Jauja , Peru and other surrounding cities as Huancayo or Tarma .
Vosketas ( Armenian : Ոսկեթաս ; until 1935 , Kuldarvish and Ghuldervish ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Kilimanjaro National Park is a Tanzanian national park , located 300 kilometres ( 190 mi ) south of the equator and in Kilimanjaro Region , Tanzania .
Castello di Godego is a town and comune with 6.329 inhabitants in the province of Treviso , Italy , Veneto region .
The Waituna Lagoon is on the southern coastline of the South Island of New Zealand .
Elbiku ( Swedish : Ölbäck ) is a village in Noarootsi Parish , Lääne County , in western Estonia .
Hannoki Falls , in Toyama Prefecture , Japan , is the tallest waterfall in Japan at a height of 497 m ( 1,640 feet ) .
Konary Castle or Knight 's Castle Kunern is a castle in the village Konary ( German : Kunern ) , Lower Silesia , Poland , located 55 km south of the city of Wrocław .
Daang Hari Road also known as the Las Piñas - Muntinlupa - Cavite Road or LAMUCAR , is a major arterial thoroughfare that links southern Metro Manila with the province of Cavite in the Philippines .
Heydarabad - e Marali ( Persian : حيدرآباد مرالي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād - e Marālī ) is a village in Nurali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Gimpo Bridge is a bridge in over the Han River , South Korea , and connects the cities of Gimpo and Goyang .
Padmalaya is among the two and a half ' Shree Ganapati Peeth ' in India , this place is regarded as the half Peeth .
Stařeč ( German Startsch ) is a small town ( městys ) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
General Heliodoro Castillo is one of the 81 municipalities of Guerrero , in south - western Mexico , located 34 kilometres from Chilpancingo .
The Jardin des Plantes du Mans ( 8 hectares ) , also known as the Jardin d'Horticulture du Mans , is a botanical garden located at 4 Rue de Sinault , Le Mans , Sarthe , Pays de la Loire , France .
Brión ( Galician : ( bɾiˈoŋ ) ) is a municipality in the province of A Coruña , in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain .
Bario Airport ( IATA : BBN , ICAO : WBGZ ) is an airport in Bario , a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia .
Ab Geru ( Persian : اب گرو‎ , also Romanized as Āb Gerū ) is a village in Jowzar Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shimshit ( Hebrew : שִׁמְשִׁית ) is a secular communal settlement in northern Israel .
Wólka Karwicka ( ˈvulka karˈvit͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sola Air Station ( IATA : SVG , ICAO : ENZV ) ( Norwegian : Sola flystasjon ) in Sola municipality in Norway is operated by the Royal Norwegian Air Force .
The Vakil Mosque ( Persian : مسجد وکیل ‎‎ - Masjed - e Vakil ) is a mosque in Shiraz , southern Iran , situated to the west of the Vakil Bazaar next to its entrance .
Tilin Township or Htilin Township ( Burmese : ထီးလင်းမြို့နယ် , Burmese pronunciation : ( tʰílɪ́ɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is a township of Gangaw District in the Magway Region of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Gliwice ( ɡlʲiˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( German : Gleiwitz ) is a city in Upper Silesia , southern Poland , near Katowice .
Sofia Albertina Church ( Swedish : Sofia Albertina kyrka ) is the second and current church in Landskrona , Scania , Sweden .
A Nosa Terra ( in English : Our Land ) was a Galician newspaper first founded in 1907 in A Coruña , Spain .
Derajat ( Punjabi , Urdu : ڈیرہ جاٹ ) , the Arabic plural for the word ' dera ' , is a cultural region of central Pakistan , located in the region where the provinces of Balochistan , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab meet .
The Săvăstreni River , also known as Recea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania .
Zazalı ( also , Zazaly ) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Stocksund is an upper class suburb in Metropolitan Stockholm , Sweden .
Alqur ( Persian : القور‎ , also Romanized as Alqūr and Alghūr ) is a village in Alqurat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Çobansığnaq ( also , Chobansygnakh ) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Capilano Courier is the student newspaper at Capilano University , a public University located in the District of North Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Gelephu ( Dzongkha : དགེ་ལེགས་ཕུ་ ; Wylie : dge - legs - phu ; also known as Gelyephug ) ( IATA : GLU ) is a town in Sarpang District in Bhutan .
Payun Matru is a shield volcano in Argentina , located in the Reserva Provincial La Payunia of the Malargüe Department , to the south of the Mendoza Province .
Immigration Law Practitioners Association is a United Kingdom professional association of lawyers and academics practising in or concerned about immigration , asylum and nationality law .
Aman Gal Tappeh ( Persian : امان گل تپه‎ , also Romanized as Amān Gal Tappeh ; also known as Amān Galū Tappeh ) is a village in Aqabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Shahrak - e Emam Sadeq ( Persian : شهرك امام صادق‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Emām Şādeq ) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pirok is a village in the northwest of the Republic of Macedonia .
Lake Sukhodolskoye ( Russian : Суходольское озеро ; Finnish : Suvanto ) is a narrow 40 km long lake on the Karelian Isthmus located in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
The Gundremmingen Nuclear Power Plant is the highest - output nuclear power station in Germany , producing 2 × 1344 megawatts .
The Ebu Beker Mosque ( Albanian : Xhamia Ebu Beker ) is a mosque in Shkodër , in northwestern Albania .
Žiben ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːbən ) ; sometimes Žibenj , German : Oberstein ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Morauta House is an office complex in Waigani , Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
The Central Business District , commonly called Johannesburg CBD , is one of the main business centres of Johannesburg , South Africa .
The Pellaifa Lake ( Spanish : Lago Pellaifa ) is one of the `` Seven Lakes '' in Panguipulli municipality , southern Chile .
GRG Matriculation Higher Secondary School ( GRG MHSS ) is a high school in Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India .
Hindmotor is a small town of Hooghly District , West Bengal , India , situated on the western bank of the river Ganges .
Meting(Urdu : میٹنگ ‎ ) is small town in Sindh province of Pakistan .
Tanjung Sepat is a town in Kuala Langat district in Selangor , Malaysia .
Vishgard ( Persian : ویشگرد‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Tazehkand - e Ziaabad ( Persian : تازه كندضيااباد‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehkand - e Ẕīāābād ; also known as Tāzehkand ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Halgodari - ye Ashraf ( Persian : هلگدارئ اشرف‎ , also Romanized as Halgodāri Āshraf ; also known as Khalaqdāri - ye Āshraf ) is a village in Negur Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Desenzano del Garda - Sirmione railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Desenzano del Garda - Sirmione ) serves the town and comune of Desenzano del Garda , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Point Perpendicular is a point at the southern tip of the Beecroft Peninsula and at the northern entry to Jervis Bay , in New South Wales , Australia .
Frères des Hommes France ( FdH ) -Brothers of Men in English- is a secular non - profit aid organization .
Kerdil ( Persian : كرديل‎ , also Romanized as Kerdīl and Kardīl ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Munnekezijl ( West Frisian : Muntsjesyl ) ( Low Saxon : Muntjesiel ) is the easternmost village in Kollumerland en Nieuwkruisland , Friesland , the Netherlands .
Harasiuki ( xaraˈɕukʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Гарасюки , Harasiuky ) is a village in Nisko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Safiar Khan ( Persian : صفيارخان‎ , also Romanized as Şafīār Khān and Şafīyār Khān ) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ribera Baja del Ebro is a comarca in eastern Aragon , Spain .
Gruiten is a historical village in North - Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Paka pri Predgradu ( pronounced ( ˈpaːka pɾi ˈpɾeːdɡɾadu ) ) is a small settlement northwest of Stari Trg ob Kolpi in southern Slovenia .
Sir Joseph Banks Group Conservation Park is a protected area located on the Sir Joseph Banks Group in Spencer Gulf in South Australia about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) east - northeast of Port Lincoln .
Antsiranana Bay ( also known as Diego - Suarez Bay ) , the large natural bay along the northeast coast of Madagascar , is considered one of the finest natural harbors in the world .
The White Highlands is an area in the central uplands of Kenya , so - called because , during the period of British Colonialism , European or white immigrants settled there in considerable numbers .
Lac de Saint - Amans is an artificial lake in Le Truel , Aveyron , France close to Villefranche - de - Panat , and 500 m above the Tarn river .
Şəftəhal ( also , Shaftakhal ) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ramkhamhaeng University ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยรามคำแหง ) is one of two open universities in Thailand .
' s - Heer Arendskerke is a small village of approximately 1300 inhabitants in the municipality of Goes in the south - western Netherlands .
The Maroubra Surf Life Saving Club is one of Australia 's oldest Surf Life Saving Clubs , founded in 1906 .
Club 's first headquarters was in the bar `` La Mezquita '' of Buenos Aires , and after two years of being founded Deportivo Español had about 2,000 members , mostly of them were Spanish descendant living in Argentina .
Bydgoszcz Ignacy Jan Paderewski Airport ( IATA : BZG , ICAO : EPBY ) ( Polish : Port lotniczy i m . Ignacego Jana Paderewskiego Bydgoszcz - Szwederowo ) is a Polish regional airport in the city of Bydgoszcz , Poland .
Hwaseo Station is a ground - level metro station on line 1 of the Seoul Subway in north - west Suwon , South Korea .
The Manitoba New Democratic Party ( NDP ) is a social - democratic political party in Manitoba , Canada .
Effutu is a village in Effutu Municipal District in the Central Region of Ghana .
Zagrebtower is a building in Zagreb , Croatia , located in the neighborhood of Kanal , on the Radnička Road .
Nookat ( Kyrgyz : Ноокат ) , also Eski - Nookat , Iski - Naukat or Naukat , is a city in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan .
The New Majestic Hotel , on Bukit Pasoh Road in Singapore 's Chinatown is a hotel built in 1928 .
Zigui County ( simplified Chinese : 秭归县 ; traditional Chinese : 秭歸縣 ; pinyin : Zǐguī Xiàn ) is a county of western Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Širijevići ( Serbian : Ширијевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hemsjö Church ( Swedish : Hemsjö kyrka ) is a church in Hemsjö , Alingsås , Västergötland , Sweden .
The Christ the Lord of Harvest Academy , Inc. or `` CLHA , Inc. '' is a private Christian institution of learning in San Mateo , Rizal , Philippines particularly in Silangan .
Skeleton at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Sliding Center Sanki near Krasnaya Polyana , Russia .
Darvish Baqqal ( Persian : درويش بقال‎ , also Romanized as Darvīsh Baqqāl ; also known as Darvish Baghghal and Dashpakal ) is a village in Sis Rural District , in the Central District of Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Wedderborg ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌʋɛdərˈbɔrɣ ) ; Borough of Wedde ) is a borg , a type of castle in Groningen , in the village of Wedde in the Netherlands .
Polhøgda is a property between Lysaker and Fornebu in Bærum , Norway .
Cheranallur or Cheranellore or Cheranelloor is a northern suburb of Cochin city in the state of Kerala , India and lies on the banks of the Periyar River .
Dunguaire Castle ( Irish : Dún Guaire ) is a 16th - century tower house on the southeastern shore of Galway Bay in County Galway , Ireland , near Kinvarra ( also spelled Kinvara ) .
All ANZAC Day Cup matches have been played in Sydney , specifically the Sydney Football Stadium except the 2008 edition , which was played at Stadium Australia .
Osby is a locality and the seat of Osby Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 7,157 inhabitants in 2010 .
Negombo Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Western Province , Sri Lanka .
Mtsensk ( Russian : Мценск ) is a town in Oryol Oblast , Russia , located on the Zusha River ( Oka 's tributary ) 49 kilometers ( 30 mi ) northeast of Oryol , the administrative center of the oblast .
Aynalıkavak Palace ( Turkish : Aynalıkavak Kasrı ) is a former Ottoman palace located in the Hasköy neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Bukjeju County ( Bukjeju - gun ; `` North Jeju County '' ) was a county in Jeju Province , South Korea until July 1 , 2006 , when it was merged with Jeju City .
Háskólatorg is one of the buildings that make up the Reykjavík campus of the University of Iceland .
Munjuluru is a village in Bantumilli mandal strategically located in the state of Andhra Pradesh of India .
Greatford railway station was a station with a crossing loop on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand , south of Marton .
Kemyan ( Persian : كميان‎ , also Romanized as Kemyān ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kamiandougou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of Mali .
Unley High School , located in Netherby , is one of the largest public high schools in South Australia .
Halsafjord or Halsafjorden is a fjord located between Halsa Municipality and Tingvoll Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Enciastraia ( French : Tête de l'Enchastraye ) is a mountain in the Maritime Alps , on the boundary between the province of Cuneo ( Piedmont , northern Italy ) and the French region of Provence - Alpes - Côte - d'Azur .
Efratana Gidim ( `` Efrata and Gedem '' ) is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia .
It was born out of a franchise agreement between Briscoe Group and Rebel Sport Australia in 1995 .
Abbotsleigh is an independent , Anglican , day and boarding school for girls , located in Wahroonga , on the Upper North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Dieburg is a small town in southern Hessen , Germany .
Chamizo is a village in the Florida Department of central Uruguay .
The Al Rahman Islamic Center is a storefront mosque in Mississauga , Canada , a city of 734,000 west of Toronto , Canada .
Newcastle City Library ( also known as the Charles Avison Building ) is a library in the city centre of Newcastle upon Tyne , United Kingdom .
Koedange ( Luxembourgish : Kéideng ) is a section of the Luxembourgish commune of Fischbach located in Luxembourg District and Mersch canton .
Nok Kundi ( `` the blunt point '' ) , is a township and region in western Pakistan in the province of Balochistan .
2008 S.League is the 13th season of Singapore 's professional football league .
Buyoga is a town and sector in the Rulindo district of Northern Province , Rwanda .
Wołczkowo ( vɔu̯t͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Völschendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Lake Volgo ( Russian : Озеро Волго ) is a lake in Ostashkovsky , Penovsky , and Selizharovsky Districts of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Nebra ( official name : Nebra ( Unstrut ) ) is a town in the district of Burgenlandkreis of Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Nitzanim ( Hebrew : נִצָּנִים , lit . Flower buds ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel located between Ashkelon and Ashdod on the Nitzanim dunes .
The Planet Nightclub was an important live music venue in Perth , Western Australia .
Lac Sakami is a lake in the northwest of the province of Quebec in Canada .
Rodovia Professor Zeferino Vaz ( official designation SP-332 , also known as Rodovia Campinas - Paulínia or Tapetão ) is a highway in the state of São Paulo , Brazil .
Via de ' Tornabuoni , or Via Tornabuoni , is a street at the center of Florence , Italy , that goes from Antinori square to ponte Santa Trinità , across Santa Trinità square , characterized by the presence of fashion boutiques .
Pivnice ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пивнице ) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality , in the South Bačka District of Serbia .
Diedenshausen is a small village , since 1975 a constituent community of Bad Berleburg in Siegen - Wittgenstein district and Arnsberg region in North Rhine - Westphalia in the Federal Republic of Germany .
Plougras ( Breton : Plougraz ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor département of Brittany in northwestern France .
Rahama is a small town in the highlands of central Nigeria .
Umm Salal Mohammed ( Arabic : أم صلال محمد‎ ; also spelled Umm Salal Muhammad ) , is the seat of the municipality of Umm Salal in Qatar .
Anandapur is a town and a municipality of Kendujhar district in the state of Odisha , India .
Gebzespor is a sports club located in Gebze , Kocaeli Province , Turkey .
Alamang ( in Bugis language , sometimes Halamang or Lamang ) or Sonri ( in Makassarese language ) is a sacred sword or cutlass of the Bugis and Makassarese people in Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Mahavelona ( commonly called Foulpointe ) , is a town in the district of Toamasina II , in the region of Atsinanana , on the northern part of the east coast of Madagascar .
Kremenica ( pronounced ( kɾɛˈmeːnitsa ) ) is a settlement immediately southeast of Ig in central Slovenia .
Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province ( Persian : استان کهگیلویه و بویراحمد‎‎ , Ostān - e Kohgīrūye - o Būyer - Ahmad ) is one of the thirty - one provinces of Iran .
The Ulm School of Design ( Hochschule für Gestaltung Ulm ) was a college of design based in Ulm , Germany .
Das verfluchte Jungfernloch ( German , literally `` The damned maiden 's hole '' ) is a small rock cave on the eastern slope of a hill overlooking the Kälbergrund Valley in Eisenach , Germany , roughly 500 m south of the Wartburg .
Biliavtsi ( Ukrainian : Білявці ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The Somnath temple located in Prabhas Patan near Veraval in Saurashtra on the western coast of Gujarat , India , is the first among the twelve Jyotirlinga shrines of Shiva .
The Sheikh Obaid bin Thani House is a historic building and former residence of Sheikh Obaid bin Thani , located in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Linnuraba Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in Estonia , in Rapla County .
Uis is a settlement located in Erongo Region , Namibia .
The Baptistère Saint - Jean ( Baptistery of St. John ) is a religious edifice in Poitiers , France .
Sancharak District ( Persian : سانچارک‎‎ ) or Sangcharak is a district of Sar - e Pol Province , Afghanistan .
Elmley Castle is a village and civil parish in Worcestershire , in England , United Kingdom .
Andhra Muslim College , founded in 1984 , is located in Guntur City , India .
Aljunied is a sub - urban area located in the eastern part of the city - state of Singapore .
Coode Island , was an island at the convergence of the Yarra and Maribyrnong Rivers , 4 km west of central Melbourne , Australia .
Gardna Wielka ( ˈɡardna ˈvjɛlka ) ( Slovincian : Vjélgå Garnåu ; Kashubian : Garnô or Wiôlgô Garnô ; German : Groß Garde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Morad Tappeh ( Persian : مرادتپه‎ , also Romanized as Morād Tappeh and Murād Tepe ) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Nansensgade is a street in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Tzohar ( Hebrew : צֹחַר ) is a communal settlement and regional center in southern Israel .
Rashidabad Halt railway station ( Urdu : راشد آباد ہالٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is a railway station in Sindh , Pakistan , on the Hyderabad - to - Mirpur Khas section of the Pakistan Railway .
Monkman Falls is a waterfall on Monkman Creek in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia , Canada .
Przystajń ( ˈpʂɨstai̯ɲ ) is a village in Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Brunner Mine disaster happened at 9:30am on Thursday 26 March 1896 , when an explosion deep in the Brunner Mine , in the West Coast Region of New Zealand 's South island .
Giami ( Persian : گيامي‎ , also Romanized as Gīāmī , Geyāmey , and Gīyāmī ; also known as Kīāmey ) is a village in Abravan Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Malangabang ( variously Malangaban ) is an island and barangay in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
St Bartholomew 's Church , Burnley is the Anglican Parish Church of the small suburb of Burnley , historically considered part of Richmond , in inner - suburban Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Hendeh Garan ( Persian : هنده گران‎ , also Romanized as Hendeh Garān ; also known as Hendeh Karān ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kuzhikandom is small village in the Idukki district of Kerala , India .
The Haast River has its terminus on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
The Driva river runs through Sør - Trøndelag and Møre og Romsdal counties in Norway .
Verin Akhtala ( Armenian : Վերին Ախթալա ; also , Akhtala and Russified as Verkhnyaya Akhtala ) was a village in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Woseriner See is a lake in the Ludwigslust - Parchim district in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Mailand Upper Secondary School ( Norwegian : Mailand videregående skole ) is an upper secondary school in Lørenskog in Akershus , Norway .
Dejang - e Bala ( Persian : دجنگ بالا‎ , also Romanized as Dejang - e Bālā ) is a village in Taftan - e Jonubi Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Mirosławiec Górny ( mirɔˈswavjɛt͡s ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences is one of the three medical universities in Tehran , the capital of Iran .
Cotnari ( Romanian pronunciation : ( kotˈnarʲ ) ) is a village and the center of the eponymous commune in Iaşi County , Romania , in the historical region of Moldavia .
Spantik or Golden Peak is a mountain in Spantik - Sosbun Mountains subrange of Karakoram in Nagar Valley , Gilgit Baltistan , Pakistan .
Kfar Gidon ( Hebrew : כְּפַר גִּדְעוֹן , lit . Gideon Village ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Champerico is a municipality in the Retalhuleu department in southwestern Guatemala .
Burrell Boom is on the Belize River twenty miles above Belize City , Belize .
Tieret is a city in Tunisia , part of Tataouine Governorate , located at 31.03 ° N , 10.17 ° E , elevation : 1220 ft
The Piatra Craiului Mountains are a mountain range in the Southern Carpathians in Romania .
Wojkowice ( vɔi̯kɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) ( German : Woikowize ) is a small town in województwo śląskie , located in so - called Zagłębie Dąbrowskie in southern Poland , near Katowice .
Pyrsogianni ( Greek : Πυρσόγιαννη ) is a village in the Ioannina regional unit , northern Greece .
Puerto Lempira Airport ( IATA : PEU , ICAO : MHPL ) is an airport located at Puerto Lempira , Gracias a Dios , Honduras .
Mazraeh - ye Kalikhani ( Persian : مزرعه كلي خاني‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Kalīkhānī ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Barreju ( Persian : برجو‎ , also Romanized as Barrejū ; also known as Barreh Jū ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Donosy ( dɔˈnɔsɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Lebret is a village situated on Mission Lake in the Qu'Appelle Valley in North Qu'Appelle Rural Municipality No . 187 , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Poręba - Kocęby ( pɔˈrɛmba kɔˈt͡sɛmbɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chak Ali Shah is a village approximately 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) east of tehsil Pind Dadan Khan , Jhelum District , in the province of Punjab , Pakistan .
Brzeg Dolny ( ˈbʐɛɡ ˈdɔlnɨ ) ( until 1945 German : Dyhernfurth ) is a town in Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south - western Poland .
The McMaster Students Union ( MSU ) , is the central undergraduate student government at McMaster University , in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
The Fiesta de la Hispanidad or Hispanic - Latin American Festival is Australia 's largest celebration of Spanish and Latin American culture , held in Jonhston Street , Fitzroy in Melbourne on the second last week of November .
Jinnah Naval Base is a strategic naval base of the Pakistan Navy located at Ormara , Balochistan , Pakistan .
The Nindooinbah Dam is a decommissioned earth - fill embankment dam with an un - gated spillway located off - stream in the South East region of Queensland , Australia .
Yanam district is one of the four districts of the Union Territory of Puducherry in India .
The Gießgraben is a river in Lower Austria , which originates at Hohenwarth and flows from North to South to the Danube into the Wagram , where the water seeps away .
Maple Ridge - Mission is a newly formed provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia , Canada .
Akhteh Chi ( Persian : اخته چي‎ , also Romanized as Akhteh Chī and Akhtehchī ) is a village in Talarpey Rural District , in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bedriñana ( variant : San Andrés de Bedriñana ) is one of 41 parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Villaviciosa , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Pali Aru is a river in Northern Province , Sri Lanka .
Iwonie ( iˈvɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
German submarine U-449 was a Type VIIC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She carried out one patrol .
Croppa Creek is a very small village and railway location in the Gwydir Shire , New South Wales , Australia .
Phisqa Tira ( Aymara phisqa five , tira cradle , `` five cradles '' , hispanicized spelling Piscatira ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Almada Fórum is the third shopping center in Portugal and in the Iberian Peninsula .
Hamidgu ( Persian : حميدگو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamīdgū ) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District , in the Central District of Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sébrazac is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southern France .
Məşədiqaralar is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
It is the principal town and seat of Køge Municipality , Region Sjælland , Denmark .
The Citronen mine is one of the largest potential lead and zinc mines in Greenland .
Barguzin Range ( Russian : Баргузинский хребет ) is a range in Buryatia , Russia along the North - Eastern shore of Baikal .
Kulij ( Persian : كوليج‎ , also Romanized as Kūlīj ; also known as Kolīj ) is a village in Lahijan - e Gharbi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rapla County ( Estonian : Rapla maakond ) , or Raplamaa , is one of 15 counties of Estonia .
Agrabad Mohila College is a private women 's degree college in Double Mooring Thana , Chittagong , Bangladesh .
Górki Pęcławskie ( ˈɡurki pɛnt͡sˈwafskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bjeljajci ( Serbian : Бјељајци ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Mac - Talla ( The Echo ) was a Scottish Gaelic bi - weekly periodical published by Jonathon MacKinnon ( 1869 - -1944 ) out of Sydney , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Great Dąbrowa ( Polish : Jezioro Dąbrowa Wielka , German : Groß Damerau See ) is a lake in Poland near the gmina Dąbrówno .
Pises Observatory is an astronomical observatory at the Parc National des Cévennes in France .
Kaghlu Guzlu ( Persian : كاغلوگوزلو‎ , also Romanized as Kāghlū Gūzlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Telegraph Creek Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAH9 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) west southwest of Telegraph Creek , British Columbia , Canada .
St. George 's College , Agra is one of the oldest convent school in India .
Johan Pienaar Airport ( IATA : KMH , ICAO : FAKU ) is an airport serving Kuruman , a town in Northern Cape province , South Africa .
Born in Bradford is a large birth cohort study based at Bradford Royal Infirmary , a hospital in the city of Bradford , West Yorkshire in the United Kingdom .
The Yusufeli Dam is an arch dam under construction on the Çoruh River near Yusufeli in Artvin Province within the eastern Black Sea region of Turkey .
The Hogon - ji Temple is located on the sacred Chikubu Island in Shiga Prefecture , Japan .
Bikku Bitti , also known as Bette Peak , is the highest mountain in Libya at 2,266 metres ( 7,434 ft ) .
The Berens Islands are an island group located inside western Coronation Gulf in the Kitikmeot Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Bozusha ( Persian : بزوشا‎ , also Romanized as Bozūshā ; also known as Bazoo Shah , Bazūshāh , Bazushakh , Bozowshā , and Bozūsheh ) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Samanabad ( Urdu : سمن آباد‎ ) is a major residential area and administrative subdivision of Lahore , Pakistan .
Subramaniyaswami Temple , Marudamalai is a popular hill temple dedicated to Hindu god Murugan , situated near Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Manar University of Tripoli ( MUT ; Arabic : جامعة المنار في طرابلس‎ ) , also known as the Rashid Karami Institution for Higher Education , is a private accredited university located in Tripoli , Lebanon .
In 1983 , Miss Canada Jodi Rutledge and Miss Teen Canada Lori Assheton - Smith visited Steam Era .
Yvignac - la - Tour ( Breton : Ivinieg ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of the region in Brittany in northwestern France .
Kouspades ( Greek : Κουσπάδες ) is a village and a community in the southern part of the island of Corfu , Greece .
Pelican Airport , ( TC LID : CFT8 ) , is located 31 km ( 19 mi ) east of Wabasca , Alberta , Canada .
Ucha River ( Russian : Уча́ ) is a river in Moscow Oblast , Russia .
The Portjengrat ( also known as Pizzo d'Andolla ) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
San Jerónimo Acazulco is a town and community in the municipality of Ocoyoacac , Mexico State , Mexico .
Vaagdevi College of Engineering is an engineering school in Bollikunta , Warangal , Telangana , India .
Chuschi is a town in the Chuschi District of the Cangallo Province of the Ayacucho Region of Peru .
Namy ( Russian : Намы ; Sakha : Намыы ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Borogonsky Rural Okrug of Bulunsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 280 kilometers ( 170 mi ) from Tiksi , the administrative center of the district .
Niechodzin ( ɲeˈxɔd͡ʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Albaina is a small village south of Belmopan on the Hummingbird Highway in the Cayo District of Belize .
Lärkstaden ( Swedish for `` Lark City '' ) is an urban area within the city district of Östermalm in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Hingalol or Hingalool ( Somali : Xingalool ) is a small town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Sierra de Perijá National Park , also known as Perijá National Park , is a protected area in Venezuela .
Bekasi ( Indonesian : Kota Bekasi ) is a city in West Java , Indonesia , located on the eastern border of Jakarta within the Jabodetabek metropolitan region , as such it serves as a bedroom and factory town for Jakarta .
The Grain Growers ' Guide ( later called the Country Guide ) was a newspaper published by the Grain Growers ' Grain Company ( GGGC ) in Western Canada for grain farmers between 1908 and 1936 .
The Subic Forest is a national forest protected area that extends from Subic Bay National Park up the north - western volcanic slope of Mount Natib in Bataan National Park in the Philippines .
Democratic Party of Federalists ( Serbian : Demokratska stranka federalista , Serbian Cyrillic : Демократска Странка Федералиста ) is political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Peel Island ( Indigenous : Teerk Ro Ra ) is a small heritage - listed island located in Moreton Bay , east of Brisbane , in South East Queensland , Australia .
Sonzay is a commune in the Indre - et - Loire department in central France .
The locality Port Leopold is an abandoned trading post in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
San Juan del Paraná is one of the 30 districts of the Itapúa Department , Paraguay .
Resist Records is an independent record label and retail store based in Newtown , New South Wales , Australia .
Chah Kabutari ( Persian : چاه كبوتري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Kabūtarī ; also known as Chāh Kabūtar ) is a village in Fariman Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Valdivia International Film Festival ( spanish : Festival Internacional de Cine de Valdivia ( FICV o FICVALDIVIA ) ) is an international film exhibition and competition , held annually in the city of Valdivia , Los Rios region , Chile .
The Nouveau Stade de Bordeaux , currently also known as the Matmut Atlantique for sponsorship purposes , is a football stadium in Bordeaux , France .
Runnymede College is a co - educational private school located in La Moraleja , Alcobendas , Community of Madrid , Spain .
Kiarov ( Hungarian : Ipolykér ) is both a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Ortel Królewski Drugi ( ˈɔrtɛl kruˈlɛfskʲi ˈdruɡʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Isjek ( Cyrillic : Исјек ) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Abadla ( Arabic : ﺑﻨﻰ ﻳﺨﻠﻒ‎ ) is a town and commune in western Algeria , and capital of Abadla District , Béchar Province .
Ormelet is a village and statistical area ( grunnkrets ) in Tjøme municipality , Norway .
Log nad Škofjo Loko ( pronounced ( ˈloːk nat ˈʃkoːfjɔ ˈloːkɔ ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Poljanščica River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Eschette ( Luxembourgish : Éischent ) is a village in the commune of Rambrouch and the canton of Redange in western Luxembourg .
Klein Letaba River is a tributary of the Letaba River , situated in Limpopo , South Africa .
The Quequén Grande River is located in southwestern Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Batzke 's House ( Danish : Batzkes Hus ) is the former gardener 's house at Frederiksborg Castle in Hillerød , Denmark .
The Battle of Santiago de Cuba , fought between Spain and the United States on July 3 , 1898 , was one of the key naval engagements of the Spanish--
Sklené Teplice is a small spa village and municipality in Žiar nad Hronom District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia .
Sangha Trinational is a forest divided between the nations of Central African Republic , Cameroon and Congo - Brazzaville .
Skorenovac ( Serbian : Скореновац , Skorenovac , Hungarian : Székelykeve , German : Skorenowatz , Banat Bulgarian : Gjurgevo ) is a village located in the Kovin municipality , in the South Banat District of Serbia , in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina .
Filitheyo island hosts one of the newest resorts in the Maldives and the only resort in Faafu Atoll .
Zardeh Malek ( Persian : زرده ملك‎ ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
El Alto International Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Internacional El Alto ) ( IATA : LPB , ICAO : SLLP ) is an international airport located in the city of El Alto , Bolivia , 8 mi ( 13 km ) south - west of La Paz .
Odeleite is a freguesia ( parish ) in the municipality of Castro Marim ( Algarve , Portugal ) .
Marienrode Priory is a Benedictine nunnery in Marienrode , a district of Hildesheim in Germany .
Gazkan ( Persian : گزكان‎ , also Romanized as Gazkān ; also known as Gazgūn ) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hesby Church ( Norwegian : Hesby kirke ) is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Nýřany ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈniːr̝anɪ ) ; German : Nürschan ; Latin : Nirane ) is a small town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
The MediaPark is an urban regeneration neighborhood in Cologne , Germany , completed by the turn of the millennium .
Arles , Roman and Romanesque Monuments ( French : Arles , monuments romains et romans ) is an area containing a collection of monuments in the city centre of Arles , France , that has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1981 .
Pelikansgränd ( Swedish : `` Pelican Alley '' ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden , connecting Gaffelgränd to Österlånggatan .
In November 2003 the Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth Prof Sir Jonathan Sacks accepted the position of the spiritual leader of the Western Marble Arch Synagogue ,
Mount Balbi is a Holocene stratovolcano located in the northern portion of the island of Bougainville , Papua New Guinea .
Hörningsholm Castle ( Swedish : Hörningsholms slott ) is a castle in Sweden .
Zelen Breg ( pronounced ( ˈzeːlɛn ˈbɾeːk ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Montifeno or Montofeno is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in southwest Madagascar .
Rạch Giá ( listen ) is a provincial city and the capital city of Kien Giang province , Vietnam .
The Route nationale 2 ( N 2 ) is a route nationale in northern France .
Gran Encantat is a mountain peak of Catalonia , Spain .
Samarova ( Russian : Самарова ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Oktyabrsky District of Perm Krai , Russia .
Ardfield ( Irish : Ard Ó bhFicheallaigh , meaning `` height of the Feely 's '' ) , historically Ardofoyle , is a small village on the southwest coast of County Cork , Ireland .
Kwan I m Thong Hood Cho Temple ( Chinese : 观音堂佛祖庙 ; pinyin : Guānyīn Táng Fózǔ Miào ) is a traditional Chinese temple situated at 178 Waterloo Street in Singapore .
The Fuentemolinos cave ( Spanish : Cueva de Fuentemolinos ) is the largest formation in a cave complex , consisting of at least twelve cavities , in the town of Puras de Villafranca belonging to the municipality of Belorado ( Burgos , Spain ) .
Bettancourt - la - Ferrée is a commune in the Haute - Marne department in northeastern France .
FK Dinamo Pančevo ( Serbian Cyrillic : ФК Динамо Панчево ) is a football club based in Pančevo , Serbia .
Chak No.65-GB Mukandpur is a historical village located about 25 kilometers towards south of Faisalabad and nearly 10 kilometres toward north of Jaranwala on Jaranwala - Faisalabad in Tehsil Jaranwala of District Faisalabad in Pakistan .
Santiago de los Caballeros or simply Santiago ( English : Saint James of the Knights ) is the second - largest city in the Dominican Republic , and the fourth - largest city in the Caribbean .
Calicut International Airport ( IATA : CCJ , ICAO : VOCL ) , also known as Karipur Airport , is an international airport serving the cities of Kozhikkode and Malappuram in Kerala , India .
Saratov Conservatory is a music conservatory in Russia .
Sanlúcar de Barrameda ( or simply Sanlúcar ) is a city in the northwest of Cádiz province , part of the autonomous community of Andalucía in southern Spain .
The Port Fairy Folk Festival is a popular annual four - day music festival based in the historic fishing village of Port Fairy in Victoria , Australia .
Pusté Úľany ( Hungarian : Pusztafödémes ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
The Chuzhou Railway Station ( Chinese : 滁州站 ) is a high - speed railway station in Chuzhou , Anhui , People 's Republic of China .
Inish Turk Beg ( from Irish : Inis Toirc Beag , meaning `` small island of the wild boar '' ) is a private island in Clew Bay , County Mayo on the west coast of Ireland .
Ticha Reservoir ( Bulgarian : язовир Тича , yazovir Ticha ) is a reservoir in Varbitsa Municipality , Shumen Province , northeastern Bulgaria , located to the north and northeast of the town of Varbitsa .
The Autovía A-49 is a major highway in Andalusia , Spain .
The Willunga Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed on 29 May 1874 , making it the second oldest continuous football club in South Australia behind Port Adelaide .
Timbang Langkat is a populated place in Binjai Timur ( East Binjai ) , Kota Binjai , Sumatra , Indonesia .
Ilanda Wilds is a nature reserve situated along Amanzimtoti River in the town of Amanzimtoti , KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Herale ( Somali : Xeraale , Arabic : حراله‎ ) is a town situated in the central Galgaduud province of Somalia .
Dalhousie - Restigouche East ( French : Dalhousie - Restigouche - est ) was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick , Canada .
Monte Titano ( `` Mount Titan '' ) is a mountain of the Apennines and the highest peak in San Marino .
Weissenfels Castle ( `` White Cliff Castle ; `` German : Schloss Weissenfels , Italian : Castello Fusine , Slovene : Grad Bela peč ) is a castle ruin above the settlement of Bela Peč , near Rateče in the extreme northwest corner of Slovenia .
Shawashina ( Al Shawashina , Ash - Shawashinah ) is a desert town in the Al Wahat District in the Cyrenaica region of northeastern Libya .
Dybów - Folwark ( ˈdɨbuf ˈfɔlvark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shahr Dar - e Bala ( Persian : شهردربالا‎ , also Romanized as Shahr Dar - e Bālā ; also known as Shahr Dar and Shahr - i - dār ) is a village in Zarabad - e Gharbi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nowe Łąki ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈwɔŋki ) ( German : Neuwiese ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pielgrzymka , within Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Akreijit is a town situated in central Mauritania .
As per 2011 Census of India Raninagar II CD Block had a total population of 190,885 , all of which were rural .
Mbita Point is a rural community in the former province of Nyanza , Kenya , currently in Homa Bay County , on the shores of Lake Victoria .
Katydata ( Greek : Κατύδατα ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 2 km north of Linou .
Leduc No . 1 was a major crude oil discovery made near Leduc , Alberta , Canada on February 13 , 1947 .
Ivakale is a village located in Kakamega County , Kenya The village is located few kilometres east the A1 road between Kakamega and Malava .
Żarki ( ˈʐarki ) ( German : Zarki ) is a town in Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,387 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Nord - Ostsee - Bahn or NOB is a railway company which operates in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Bruit Island ( or also known as Pulau Bruit ) is an island of Malaysia , part of the state of Sarawak .
The Edmonton Pedway system is a network connecting office buildings , shopping centres , and parkades in downtown Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
South Rourkela is an area of the steel city Rourkela in Orissa state , India .
Niegardów - Kolonia ( ɲeˈɡarduf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Segonje ( pronounced ( ˈseːɡɔnjɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia .
Tappeh Goleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : تپه گله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Goleh - ye Soflá and Tappeh Galleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Tappeh Goleh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Rocinha ( little farm ) is the largest favela in Brazil , and is located in Rio de Janeiro 's South Zone between the districts of São Conrado and Gávea .
Hurcze ( ˈxurt͡ʂɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Гірче , Hirche ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Schönrain Priory ( Kloster Schönrain ) was a house of the Benedictine Order located near Lohr in the Spessart , in Bavaria in Southern Germany .
Volcán de Agua ( also known as Hunahpú by Mayans ) is a stratovolcano located in the department of Sacatepéquez in Guatemala .
Namdalen ( Southern Sami : Nååmesjevuemie ) is a traditional district in the central part of Norway , consisting of the municipalities Namsos , Grong , Overhalla , Røyrvik , Fosnes , Nærøy , Høylandet , Namdalseid , Flatanger , Lierne , Leka , Namsskogan , and Vikna , all in Nord - Trøndelag county .
Kreeri ( Urdu;کریری ) is a tehsil headquarters composed of 15 villages in Baramulla District of Jammu and Kashmir state , India .
XHMIX - FM is a commercial radio station located in La Rumorosa , Baja California , Mexico , broadcasting to the Imperial Valley , California area of the United States on 98.3 FM .
The earliest recorded mention of North Sentinel Island was made in 1771 by the British surveyor John Ritchie , who observed `` a multitude of lights '' from an East India Company hydrographic survey vessel , the Diligent , as it passed by the island .
Ruffino is a wine producer based in the Tuscany region of Italy .
Rize is the capital city of Rize Province in the eastern part of the Black Sea Region of Turkey .
The Ullen Sentalu Museum is a Javanese culture and art museum located in Kaliurang highland , Yogyakarta , Java , Indonesia .
Villa Rufolo is a building within the historic center of Ravello , a town in the province of Salerno , Italy , and which overlooks the front of the cathedral square .
The DIN 1451 typeface family includes both a medium and a condensed version ; an older extended version is no longer used since the early 1980s , but may still be encountered on older road signs in Germany .
Parintins is a municipality in the far east of the Amazonas state , Brazil .
Phnom Chhnork is a Hindu cave temple in Kampot Province , southern Cambodia , located about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) northeast of Kampot .
Barkin Ladi ( or Barakin Ladi ) is a Local Government Area in Plateau State , Nigeria .
Vorovoro is an island in the province of Macuata in the Vanua Levu Group of northern Fiji , 40 minutes away from the town of Labasa by boat .
Ossès ( Basque : Ortzaize ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Caransebeș Airport ( IATA : CSB , ICAO : LRCS ) is located 1.8 km ( 1.1 mi ) east northeast of Caransebeş in western Romania , in Caraş - Severin county .
Kaj Olang ( Persian : كج النگ‎ , also Romanized as Kaj Alang ) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Daymer Bay is a bay and a beach on the east side of the River Camel estuary in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kangerlussuaq Airport ( Greenlandic : Mittarfik Kangerlussuaq , Danish : Søndre Strømfjord Lufthavn ) ( IATA : SFJ , ICAO : BGSF ) is an airport in Kangerlussuaq , a settlement in the Qeqqata municipality in central - western Greenland .
Htigyaing , also spelt Tigyaing , is a town in eastern Sagaing Division , in northern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Aulavik National Park ( Inuvialuktun : place where people travel ) is a national park located on Banks Island in the Northwest Territories of Canada .
Kamen - na - Obi ( Russian : Ка́мень-на-Оби́ ) , known until 1933 as Kamen ( Ка́мень ) , is a town in Altai Krai , Russia , located on the left bank of the Ob River 208 kilometers ( 129 mi ) northwest of Barnaul , the administrative center of the krai .
Tarvagatai River ( Mongolian : Тарвагтай гол ) is a river in the Teshig sum of Bulgan aimag in Mongolia .
Dattagalli is a small urban area on the southeast of the city of Mysore , the second largest city in the state of Karnataka , India .
Dardoqqaz ( also , Dardokkaz ; Avar : Дартукъаз ) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Tašuľa is a small village in Sobrance District , Košice Region in eastern Slovakia .
Horg Church ( Norwegian : Horg kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Alin Jaq ( Persian : الينجق‎ , also Romanized as Alīn Jaq ; also known as Alenjaq ) is a village in Dizajrud - e Sharqi Rural District , Qaleh Chay District , Ajab Shir County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Ionian University ( Greek : Iόνιο Πανεπιστήμιο ) is a university located in the city of Corfu , Greece .
Rębiszewo - Studzianki ( rɛmbiˈʂɛvɔ stuˈd͡ʑaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Jodenbuurt ( Dutch for `` Jewish Neighborhood '' ) is a neighborhood of Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Hajji Bachcheh ( Persian : حاجي بچه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bachcheh and Ḩājī Bachcheh ; also known as Hājibacheh ) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Goseck circle is a Neolithic structure in Goseck in the Burgenlandkreis district in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Hollerich - Bonnevoie ( German : Hollerich - Bonneweg ) was the legal name of a part , formally section ( German : Sektion ) , of the then - commune of Hollerich , in southern Luxembourg .
Kareh Nab ( Persian : كره ناب‎ , also Romanized as kKareh nāb ) is a village in Yaft Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Żagno ( ˈʐaɡnɔ ) ( German : Zangen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Aalborg Portland is a cement - producing company in Denmark .
Huai Sak ( Thai : ห้วยสัก ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Rai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Seredžius ( Yiddish : סרעדניק - Srednik ; Samogitian : Seredius ; Russian : Средники ; Polish : Średniki ) is a town in Lithuania on the right bank of the Neman River near its confluence with the Dubysa River .
The Mangoky River is a 564-kilometer - long ( 350 mi ) river in Madagascar in the regions of Atsimo - Andrefana and Anosy .
Javorište ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јавориште ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia , near the town of Resavica .
Gmina Witnica is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Gorzów County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Al - Houz ( Arabic : الحوز‎ , also spelled al - Huz ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located southwest of Homs .
Bović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бовић ) is a village in Croatia .
The São Paulo Zoo ( Portuguese : Parque Zoológico de São Paulo ) is the largest zoo in Brazil .
Kidi ( Persian : كيدي‎ , also Romanized as Kīdī ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kargat ( Russian : Карга́т ) is a town and the administrative center of Kargatsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kargat River .
Baku Ferris Wheel , also known as the Baku Eye , is a Ferris wheel on Baku Boulevard in the Seaside National Park of Baku , capital of Azerbaijan .
The Königsangerspitze ( Italian : Monte Pascolo ; German : Königsangerspitze ) is a mountain in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol , Italy .
Sambir ( Ukrainian : Самбір ) , is a city in Lviv Oblast , Ukraine .
Synej is a village and a former municipality situated in the central plains of Albania 's Western Lowlands region .
Do Kamdan ( Persian : دوكمدان‎ , also Romanized as Do Kamdān ) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Witobel ( viˈtɔbɛl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Gornje Pijavško ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnjɛ piˈjaːu̯ʃkɔ ) ; German : Oberpiauschko ) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Korla Airport ( simplified Chinese : 库尔勒机场 ; traditional Chinese : 庫爾勒機場 ; pinyin : Kù'ěrlè Jīchǎng ) ( IATA : KRL , ICAO : ZWKL ) is an airport serving Korla , a city in the autonomous region of Xinjiang in the People 's Republic of China .
Rayak Air Base ( Arabic : قاعدة رياق الجوية‎ Kaidat Rayak al - jawiya ) ( ICAO : OLRA ) is Lebanon 's first air base and the place where the Lebanese Air Force was born on June 1 , 1949 .
Narisham ( Persian : نريشم‎ , also Romanized as Narīsham ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Humber Bay Arch Bridge ( also known as the Humber River Arch Bridge , the Humber River Pedestrian Bridge , or the Gateway Bridge ) is a pedestrian and bicycle through arch bridge south of Lake Shore Boulevard West in Toronto , Canada .
Zuqar Island ( Arabic : جزيرة زقر‎ , Jabal Zuqar ) is an island in the Red Sea that belongs to Yemen .
CosmoCaixa Barcelona ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌkɔzmuˈkaʃə βərsəˈɫonə ) ) is a science museum located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
CKCO - DT , virtual and VHF digital channel 13 , is a CTV owned - and - operated television station located in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada .
Tevragh - Zeina is a suburb of Nouakchott and urban commune in western Mauritania .
The Grossglockner ( German : Großglockner or just Glockner , Slovene : Veliki Klek ) is , at 3,798 metres above the Adriatic ( 12,461 ft ) , the highest mountain of Austria and the highest mountain in the Alps east of the Brenner Pass .
Coaticook is a town in southeastern Quebec , Canada on the Coaticook River ; it is the seat of the Coaticook Regional County Municipality .
Marabella is home to the Manny Ramjohn Stadium , one of the four major stadia in Trinidad and Tobago .
Royal Calcutta Golf Club ( RCGC ) in Kolkata , India was established in 1829 and is the oldest golf club in India and the first outside Great Britain .
Altynemel ( Kazakh : Алтынемел ) is a village in Almaty Region of south - eastern Kazakhstan .
Chini - e Lay Bid Mining Complex ( Persian : معدن چيني لاي بيد‎ -- Maʿdan Chīnī - e Lāy Bīd ) is a village and company town in Zarkan Rural District , Meymeh District , Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Lake Dapao is a deep water lake located in the province of Lanao del Sur , southwest of Lake Lanao , in the island of Mindanao in the Philippines .
The KMP College of Engineering ( KMPCE ) , Cherukunnam , Asamannoor P.O , Perumbavoor is an engineering and technology school in Ernakulam , Kerala in south India .
The Alexander Column ( Russian : Алекса́ндровская коло́нна , Aleksandrovskaya kolonna ) also known as Alexandrian Column ( Russian : Александри́йская коло́нна , Aleksandriyskaya kolonna ) , is the focal point of Palace Square in Saint Petersburg , Russia .
Keshikan ( Persian : كشيكان‎ , also Romanized as Keshīkān ; also known as Keshīgān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Ballo Wharf , commonly known as Ballowharf , is a community in Northern Province , Sierra Leone , north of the capital Freetown .
The Ekka is the annual agricultural show of Queensland , Australia .
Kalembina ( kalɛmˈbʲina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa , within Strzyżów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Blauwe Theehuis ( `` Blue Tea House '' ) is a 1930s Modernist pavilion in the Vondelpark in Amsterdam , the capital city of the Netherlands .
The Jeti - Ögüz Rocks is a geological protected area ( nature monument ) located in Jeti - Oguz District of Issyk - Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan .
High Atlas , also called the Grand Atlas Mountains ( Arabic : الاطلس الكبير‎ and French : Haut Atlas and Berber : ⴰⴷⵔⴰⵔ ⵏ ⴷⵔⵏ ) ) is a mountain range in central Morocco in Northern Africa .
The Lebanese University ( Arabic : الجامعة اللبنانية‎ , French : Université Libanaise ) is the only public institution for higher learning in Lebanon .
Nkasi District ( formerly Nkansi District ) is one of the four districts of the Rukwa Region of Tanzania , with its headquarters in the village of Namanyere .
Przemysławiec ( pʂɛmɨˈswavjɛt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
All reigning monarchs of The Netherlands since King William I have been patrons of Diligentia , and many members of the Royal Family have been honorary members .
Darreh Bakhtan ( Persian : دره بختان‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Bakhtān ; also known as Darreh Bakhtā ) is a village in Javid - e Mahuri Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Banbhore or Bhambore ( Urdu : بنبهور‎ ) , is an ancient city dating to the 1st century BC located in Sindh , Pakistan .
Miastko ( ˈmʲastkɔ ) ( Kashubian / Pomeranian : Miastkò ; German : Rummelsburg ) , is a town in the Middle Pomerania region of northwestern Poland .
The 1985 Asian Judo Championships were held in Tokyo , Japan in March .
Darvish Mohammad Shah ( Persian : درويش محمدشاه‎ , also Romanized as Darvīsh Moḩammad Shāh ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hondschoote ( from Dutch ; Hondschote in the modern Dutch spelling ) is a commune of the Nord département , in northern France .
DSC Hockey Stadium is a description of a new multi - use stadium in Dubai , United Arab Emirates that has been open since Apri1 2009 and has a capacity of 5,000 spectators .
The Condroz is a natural region in Belgium , located to the north - west of the Ardennes region , and sometimes known as being even more beautiful than the Ardennes .
FontShop International is licensor for four FontShops in Austria , Benelux , Germany , and the USA .
Borgarey is a small island in the Westfjords in the north - west of Iceland .
Katine is a sub - county in the Soroti District of Uganda .
Moricsala Nature Reserve ( Latvian : Moricsalas dabas rezervāts ) is a nature reserve in western Latvia ( Courland ) .
Connewarre , Victoria , Australia , is located in south - east of Geelong , and is named after Lake Connewarre which is situated immediately to its north - east .
Trbinc ( pronounced ( təɾˈbiːnts ) ) is a settlement immediately west of Mirna in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia .
Eliot Passage is a marine waterway between Village Island ( E ) and Pearl Island ( W ) in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , southwest of the opening of Knight Inlet .
Nittambuwa is a town , situated in Gampaha District , Sri Lanka .
The Æðarstein lighthouse ( Icelandic : Æðarsteinsviti ) is located on the southeast coast of Iceland , on a rocky point on the west side of the port of Djúpivogur .
Grimalda is an ancient village or hamlet in Istria , Croatia , mentioned for the first time in 1202 .
Mamilla Mall , also known as Alrov Mamilla Avenue , is an upscale shopping street and the only open - air mall in Jerusalem , Israel .
Manujan County ( Persian : شهرستان منوجان‎ ) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran .
Prebilovci ( Cyrillic : Пребиловци ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina , near the city of Čapljina ( Чапљина ) .
Domingo Faustino Sarmiento Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de San Juan -- Domingo Faustino Sarmiento ) ( IATA : UAQ , ICAO : SANU ) is an airport in San Juan Province , Argentina serving the cities of San Juan .
Maramon is a small town on the Pampa River , opposite to Kozhencherry town in the state of Kerala , India .
The Aiguille du Tour ( 3,540 m ) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif , located on the border between Switzerland and France .
The Sahtu Region is one of five administrative regions in the Northwest Territories in Canada .
Nuranang Falls ( also known as Bong Bong Falls ) , some 100 metres high , is located in the Tawang district of Arunachal Pradesh , India .
Kašėtų gyvenvietės is an archaeological site in Varėna district municipality , in Alytus County , in southeastern Lithuania .
Ngora Freda Carr Hospital , commonly known as Ngora Hospital , is a community hospital in Uganda .
First League of the Republika Srpska ( Serbian : Прва лига Републике Српске / Prva liga Republike Srpske ) is a second level football competition in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Eusserthal Abbey ( German : Kloster Eußerthal ) was a Cistercian abbey in Eusserthal near Annweiler am Trifels in the Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Voghjaberd ( Armenian : Ողջաբերդ , also Romanized as Vokhchaberd ) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Krombacher Brauerei ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkʁɔmbaxɐ bʁaʊ̯əˈʁaɪ̯ ) ) is one of the largest privately owned breweries in Germany and ranks number 2 among Germany 's best selling breweries .
Clendon Park is a suburb of Auckland city in northern New Zealand .
The Abra del Acay in La Poma Departament , Salta Province , Argentina is the highest point in Argentina 's National Route 40 .
Norrbyskär is a small group of islands outside of Umeå , Sweden .
Vaskovo Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт Васьково ) is an airport in Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia located 13 km southwest of central Arkhangelsk as the crow flies but 19 km by road .
Hoh Nuur , located in Dornod Province , is a lake and the lowest point in Mongolia .
Vogar is a small town in the south - west of Iceland .
Rose Seidler House is a Bauhaus - styled home designed by Harry Seidler located at 71 Clissold Road , Wahroonga , a suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Glasgow effect refers to the unexplained poor health and low life expectancy of residents of Glasgow , Scotland , compared to the rest of the United Kingdom and Europe .
RAF St Jean is a former military airfield in Israel , which is located approximately 4 km east - northeast of Acre and 100 km north - northeast of Tel Aviv .
Kretinga ( pronunciation , German : Krottingen ) is a city in Klaipėda County , Lithuania .
Koh Russei , Koh Russey or Bamboo Island ( Khmer : កោះឬស្សី ) is one of a group of small islands in the Gulf of Thailand , located about 4.5 km ( 3 mi ) off the coast of Sihanoukville city in southern Cambodia .
Pakszyn ( ˈpakʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kysylyn or Kisilin ( Ukrainian : Кисилин , Polish : Kisielin ) is a town in Volyn Oblast , Ukraine .
Thaton District ( Burmese : သထုံခရိုင် ; Karen : Doo The Htoo ) is a district of the Karen State in Myanmar .
Bibah ( Persian : بي به‎ , also Romanized as Bībah and Bī Bah ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Hofbräuhaus Traunstein is a beer brewery in Traunstein , southeastern Bavaria , Germany .
Ro 's Torv is a shopping centre in central Roskilde , Denmark .
Snikzwaag ( West Frisian : Sniksweach ) is a village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Pļaviņas ( pronunciation ; German : Stockmannshof ) is a town in Latvia .
Malekoppa ( Kannada : ಮಾಳೆಕೊಪ್ಪ ) is a village in the Koppal district in Karnataka state , India .
Vratsa ( Bulgarian : Враца ) is a city in northwestern Bulgaria , at the foothills of the Balkan Mountains .
The Iceberg Skating Palace ( Russian : Дворец Зимнего Спорта Айсберг ) is a 12,000-seat multi - purpose arena at Sochi Olympic Park in Sochi , Russia .
Bač Fortress ( Serbian : Бачка тврђава / Bačka tvrđava ) is a medieval fortress in Serbia , Vojvodina .
Hårup is a town in Aarhus Municipality , Central Denmark Region in Denmark with 763 inhabitants in 2015 .
Toksovo ( Russian : То́ксово ; Finnish : Toksova ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) to the north of St. Petersburg on the Karelian Isthmus .
The Glosholm lighthouse ( later Glosholm daymark ) was a lighthouse on a southern tip of the Glosholm Island in the Pellinge archipelago in the Gulf of Finland , outside of Porvoo .
Mourrah ( also Moura and Mora ) is a village and seat of the rural commune of Togué Mourari in the Cercle of Djenné in the Mopti Region of southern - central Mali .
Archaeological evidence suggests that the area around Ahmedabad in the state of Gujarat , India has been inhabited since the 11th century , when it was known as Ashapalli or Ashaval .
Her Majesty 's Theatre , Sydney , Australia , refers to three theatres of the same name :
Thotupola Kanda , also sometimes referred as the Thotupola Peak or Thotupola Mountain , is the third highest mountain is Sri Lanka situated in Nuwara Eliya district 2,357 m ( 7,733 ft ) above mean sea level .
Rafa ' is a settlement in Sharjah , United Arab Emirates .
Bălăușeri ( Hungarian : Balavásár ; Hungarian pronunciation : ( bɒlɒvaːʃaːr ) ; German : Bladenmarkt ) is a commune in Mureș County , Romania .
Truszki - Kucze ( ˈtruʂki ˈkut͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ibex Cave is a limestone cave on the Rock of Gibraltar which has yielded stone artefacts of Mousterian tradition .
Nevsha ( Bulgarian : Невша ) is a village in north - eastern Bulgaria .
Tomišelj ( pronounced ( tɔˈmiːʃəl ) ; German : Tomischl ) is a village in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia , on the edge of the marshland south of the capital Ljubljana .
The Polish Sculpture Center ( Polish : Centrum Rzeźby Polskiej ) in Orońsko , near Radom , Poland , is a museum housed at Józef Brandt 's 19th - century manor house .
Palair Lake is a man made lake and a major source of freshwater in the Khammam district of Telangana , India .
Själagårdsgatan ( Swedish : `` The Charitable Institution Street '' ) is a street in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Kostiantynivka Raion ( Ukrainian : Костянтинівський район ; Russian : Константиновский район ) is one of the 18 administrative raions ( a district ) of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine .
The Töss Valley ( German : Tösstal ) is a valley and a region of the canton of Zürich in Switzerland .
The Chillón River is a river located in western Peru .
The Francevillian biota ( also known as Gabon macrofossils or Gabonionta ) is a group of 2.1-billion - old Palaeoproterozoic , macroscopic organisms known from fossils found in the west - African country of Gabon in the Palaeoproterozoic Francevillian B Formation , a black shale province .
The Cristina Island marshes ( Marismas de Isla Cristina ) are located at the mouth of the river Carreras in the province of Huelva , Andalusia , in southern Spain .
Cundrovec ( pronounced ( ˈtsuːndɾɔʋəts ) ) is a settlement north of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Neunkirchen - Seelscheid is a municipality in the Rhein - Sieg district in the southern part of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Pingliang ( simplified Chinese : 平凉 ; traditional Chinese : 平涼 ; pinyin : Píngliàng ; literally : `` flat cool '' ) is a prefecture - level city in eastern Gansu province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Shaanxi province to the south and east and the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region to the north .
Melamuri ( Malayalam : േമലാമൂറി ) is a commercial centre on the outskirts of Palakkad , Kerala , India .
Sar Dehlaq ( Persian : سردهلق‎ , also Romanized as Sardehlāq ) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Northern Lehigh High School is a public high school located in Slatington , Pennsylvania , in the United States of America .
Bolbro is a southwestern neighbourhood of Odense , Funen , Denmark .
The Mount Cameroon and Bioko montane forests ecoregion , of the tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests Biome , are in Afromontane habitats in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea of Africa .
The International School Bangkok is a private PK-12 American - style school in the Pak Kret District of Nonthaburi Province , Thailand in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area .
Kigezi High School , is a mixed , boarding , middle and high school in Kabale , Kabale District , Western Uganda .
Hunterville railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand , serving the township of Hunterville .
Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport ( MRIA ) ( also known as the Hambantota International Airport ) ( IATA : HRI , ICAO : VCRI ) is an international airport serving the city of Hambantota in southeast Sri Lanka .
Comporta is a civil parish and village in the municipality of Alcácer , in the old district of Setúbal , in continental Portugal , located at the base of Tróia Peninsula , along the Sado estuary .
Jermuk occupies an area which is historically considered as part of the Vayots Dzor canton of the Syunik province of Ancient Armenia .
Shah Baig Line ( Urdu : شاه بيگ لاین ‎ ) is one of the neighbourhoods of Lyari Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
The Tuve landslide was a large landslide in Tuve , Gothenburg , Sweden on November 30 , 1977 .
Qeshlaq - e Rostam ( Persian : قشلاق رستم‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Rostam ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Arbore Church ( Romanian : Biserica Arbore ) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery church in Arbore Commune , Suceava County , Romania .
Davudi - ye Sofla ( Persian : داودي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Dāvūdī - ye Soflá ; also known as Dāvūdī - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dutch Mill Co. , Ltd. is one of Thailand 's largest manufacturers and marketers of dairy products .
Amaliapoli ( Greek : Αμαλιάπολη ) is a village at the western part of the Pagasetic Gulf , in the Magnesia regional unit of Greece , also known as Nea Mintzela .
The Valea Goblii River ( Hungarian : Goblipataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania , Romania .
Killilagh or Killeilagh ( Irish : Cill Aidhleach ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Heritage Falls is a 5 metre high classical cascade waterfall found in Ancaster , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Nieskórz ( ˈɲeskuʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Dawson Creek Daily News is a daily newspaper serving Dawson Creek and the South Peace River region of northeastern British Columbia , Canada .
Andulo Airport ( IATA : ANL ) is an airport near Andulo , Angola .
Fylakio ( Greek : Φυλάκιο ) is a village in the Evros regional unit of northeast Greece .
Brinovščica ( pronounced ( ˈbɾiːnou̯ʃtʃitsa ) ; in older sources also Brinošica , German : Brinoschitz ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Sodražica in southern Slovenia .
Reporters Without Borders ( RWB ) , or Reporters Sans Frontières ( RSF ) , is a France - based international non - profit , non - governmental organization that promotes and defends freedom of information and freedom of the press .
Kahriz - e Varvasht ( Persian : كهريزوروشت‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Varvasht ; also known as Kahrīz ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Forêt de Mormal ( Forest of Mormal ) is a forest in France , near the Franco - Belgian border .
Mazeh Qaleh ( Persian : مازه قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Māzeh Qal``eh ) is a village in Cheshmeh Langan Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 12 , in 4 families .
Yusufari is a Local Government Area in Yobe State , Nigeria .
Oslo Ladegård is a manor house situated at Gamlebyen in Oslo , Norway .
Sudal is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Trakošćan Castle ( pronounced ( trakɔʃtɕan ) , Croatian : Dvor Trakošćan or Dvorac Trakošćan ) is a castle located in northern Croatia ( in the Varaždin County ) that dates back to the 13th century ( first written mention is in 1334 ) .
Mamer Lycée railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Mamer Lycée , French : Gare de Mamer Lycée , German : Bahnhof Mamer Lycée ) is a railway station in Mamer , in south - western Luxembourg .
The Chapel Island Formation is a sedimentary formation from the Burin Peninsula , Newfoundland , Canada .
Karch - e Sofla ( Persian : كرچ سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Karch - e Soflá ) is a village in Naghan Rural District , Naghan District , Kiar County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Drenovec pri Bukovju ( pronounced ( ˈdɾeːnɔʋəts pɾi ˈbuːkɔu̯ju ) ; German : Drenovetz ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia .
Mtubatuba is a town north of Richards Bay close to the entrance of the iSimangaliso Wetland Park ( previously Greater St Lucia Wetland Park ) in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Mourgana ( Greek : Μουργκάνα or Όρη Τσαμαντά - Ori Tsamanta , Albanian : Maja e Murganës ) is a mountain range in northwestern Greece and southern Albania .
Ostra Vetere is a town and comune in the region of Marche , Italy , near the modern Ostra , south - east of Senigallia .
The Nicholas - Zaretsky Church ( Николо-Зарецкий храм ) is a church in Tula in Russia .
Hotel AC Algeciras is a hotel on Carretera del Rinconcillo in southern Algeciras , in the Province of Cádiz in southeastern Spain .
The Sonklarspitze , also Sonklarspitz , is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria , and South Tyrol , Italy .
Salega is a traditional district on the island of Savai'i in Samoa .
Tecapa is a complex stratovolcano in central El Salvador .
Theunissen is a small town that has the only wine estate , the Theunissen Wine Farm , in the Free State province of South Africa .
Rotorua International Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium located on Devon Street West in the Westbrook suburb of Rotorua , New Zealand .
Haig - Thomas Island is one of the Sverdrup Islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Trier - Föhren Airport ( German : Flugplatz Trier - Föhren ) ( ICAO : EDRT ) is an airport serving Trier , a city in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
In the 2001 Census of India , Mandi Dabwali had a population of 53811 .
Nurnus ( Armenian : Նուռնուս ) , is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Gyöngyösoroszi is a village ( Hungarian : falu ) in Heves county , Hungary .
Liaoyuan ( simplified Chinese : 辽源 ; traditional Chinese : 遼源 ; pinyin : Liáoyuán ) is a prefecture - level city in Jilin province , People 's Republic of China .
Dhanmondi Lake is a lake located in the Dhanmondi residential area in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
The Ryanggang Hotel is a first classhotel located in the Mangyongdae District of Pyongyang , North Korea .
The Ulug - Tanzekskoye mine is a large mine located in the southern part of Russia in Tuva .
Aiud ( Romanian pronunciation : ( aˈjud ) ; Latin : Brucla , Hungarian : Nagyenyed , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈnɒɟɛɲɛd ) ; German : Straßburg am Mieresch ) is a city located in Alba county , Transylvania , Romania .
Kulan Kuh ( Persian : كولانكوه‎ , also Romanized as Kūlān Kūh ; also known as Kalān Kūh ) is a village in Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Khuzi ( Persian : خوزي‎ , also Romanized as Khūzī ; also known as Hūzi ) is a village in Khuzi Rural District , Varavi District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Htigyaing Township or Tigyaing Township is a township of Katha District in eastern Sagaing Division , in northern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Kooyoora State Park is a state park in Victoria , Australia located 220 kilometres ( 140 mi ) northwest of Melbourne , and 12 km west of Inglewood .
The Chuvash Republic ( Russian : Чува́шская Респу́блика -- Чува́шия , Chuvashskaya Respublika -- Chuvashiya ; Chuvash : Чăваш Республики , Chăvash Respubliki ) , or Chuvashia ( Russian : Чува́шия Chuvashiya ; Chuvash : Чăваш Ен , Chăvash En ) for short , is a federal subject of Russia ( a republic ) .
Rjoandefossen is a waterfall in the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Dog Rock is a large , natural granite outcrop that juts from the ground along Middleton Road between Middleton Beach and the centre of Albany in the Great Southern region of Western Australia .
Deidesheim is a town in the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany with some 3,700 inhabitants .
Osmangazi is one of the central metropolitan districts of the city of Bursa in Bursa Province , as well as the fourth largest overall municipality in Turkey .
Bid Hal ( Persian : بيدهل‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Ḩal and Bīd Hel ; also known as Bīd Gol and Eslāmābād ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Caiari Airport , formerly ( IATA : PVH ) , was the airport that served Porto Velho , Brazil until 1969 , when Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport was opened .
Sea Life Porto is an aquarium located in Porto , Portugal .
Tofla ( also spelled Toafla ) is a village in central Ivory Coast .
Alhaurín el Grande is a town located in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain .
Najahid dynasty ( Arabic : بنو نجاح‎ ; Banū Najāḥ ) was a slave dynasty of Abyssinian origin founded in Zabid in the Tihama ( lowlands ) region of Yemen around 1050 AD .
Gaasbeek Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Gaasbeek ) , today a national museum , is located in the municipality of Lennik in the province of Flemish Brabant , Belgium .
Pučišća ( Croatian pronunciation : ( pûtʃiːʃt͡ɕa ) , Italian : Pucischie ) is a municipality in Croatia on the island of Brač in the Split - Dalmatia County .
The Nino Konis Santana National Park is East Timor 's first national park .
Lighthouse Reef is an atoll in the Caribbean Sea , the easternmost part of the Belize Barrier Reef , about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southeast of Belize City .
Tumed Left Banner ( Mongolian : ᠲᠦᠮᠡᠳ ᠵᠡᠭᠦᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Tümed Jegün qosiɣu ; Chinese : 土默特左旗 ; pinyin : Tǔmòtè Zuǒqí ) is a banner of west - central Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
2CA is a commercial radio station on the AM band in Canberra , Australia , which originally began broadcasting on 1050 kHz changing to 1053 kHz in 1978 .
The Biedenkopf transmitter was one of the few transmitters in Germany to use the Band I for TV broadcasting .
Mmadinare is a village that is located in the Central District of Botswana , 15 kilometers from Selibe Phikwe .
The Neruch River ( Russian : Неручь ) is a river in Oryol Oblast in Russia , a tributary of Zusha .
Hudi Bitek ( Croatian pronunciation : ( xûːdi bîtek ) ) is a village on the outskirts of Zagreb , Croatia .
Phu Chi Fa ( Thai : ภูชี้ฟ้า ) , also Phu Chee Fah , is a mountain area and national forest park in Thailand .
Alfeiousa ( Greek : Αλφειούσα , before 1927 : Βολάντζα - Volantza ) is a village in the municipal unit of Volakas , Elis , Greece .
Tərxanlı ( also , Tarkhanly and Tarkanly ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Klil ( Hebrew : כְּלִיל ) is a communal settlement in northern Israel .
Car Nicobar Air Force Base ( IATA : CBD , ICAO : VOCX ) is located in IAF Camp village , on Car Nicobar Island in the Union Territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , India .
Wola Łagowska ( ˈvɔla waˈɡɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ziemianki ( ʑeˈmjanki ) ( German : Schönbund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kisewo ( kiˈsɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Perth River is a river located in the Southern Alps in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Tuat or Touat ( Berber language : ⵜⵓⵡⴰⵜ , Tuwat ) is a natural region of desert in central Algeria that contains a string of small oases .
Scotch Old Collegians Football Club ( SOCFC ) is an Australian Rules Football club located in Torrens Park , South Australia , playing in the South Australian Amateur Football League .
Timergara is the district headquarters of Lower Dir District in Pakistan .
Shikahogh ( Armenian : Շիկահող ) , is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Majdy ( ˈmai̯dɨ ) ( German : Mauden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Horslunde Church ( Danish : Horslunde Kirke ) is located in the village of Horslunde on the island of Lolland , Denmark .
Hillside Engineering Group is a trading division of the rail operator KiwiRail in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Uburu Ekwe is an autonomous community in Ekwe Community in Isu Local Government Area of Imo State , Nigeria .
Mizque Airport ( ICAO : SLMZ ) is a public use airport located 2 nm west - northwest of Mizque , Cochabamba , Bolivia .
Qoçulu ( also , Kochulu ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Saint - Germain - sur - l'Arbresle is a former commune in the Rhône department in Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France .
Cierzpice ( t͡ɕɛʂˈpit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Meerut Institute of Engineering and Technology ( MIET ) is an engineering institute located on NH-58 Meerut - Delhi Bypass , Meerut , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Chek Cheg ( Persian : چك چگ‎ ) is a village in Dasht - e Laleh Rural District , Asir District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Meringur is a farming settlement to the west of Mildura in northwestern Victoria , Australia .
Gösgen District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn , Switzerland , situated to the northeast of the canton .
Przydroże Wielkie ( pʂɨˈdrɔʐɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Lady Reading Hospital is located at Peshawar in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan .
Archipelago National Park ( Swedish : Skärgårdshavets nationalpark , Finnish : Saaristomeren kansallispuisto ) is a national park in Southwest Finland .
Lycée Vincent van Gogh La Haye - Amsterdam is a French international school in the Netherlands .
Ningdu County ( Chinese : 宁都县 ; pinyin : Níngdū Xiàn ) is a county , under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou , in Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Kilingi - Nõmme is a town in Pärnu County , southwestern Estonia .
Batu Kawa is a suburban area located right next to the 3rd Mile Roundabout in Kuching Division , State of Sarawak in Malaysia .
Chakhar Chamani ( Persian : چاخرچمني‎ , also Romanized as Chākhar Chamanī and Chākher Chamanī ; also known as Chahār Chaman ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Dhaka College ( Bengali : ঢাকা কলেজ ) is a public college , located in Dhaka , Bangladesh .
Ratitovec ( sometimes also called Altemaver ) is a 1678 m mountain in Slovenia , part of the Julian Alps .
The Campbell Plateau is a large submarine plateau to the south of New Zealand and the Chatham Rise .
Mionići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мионићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Garhi Khuda Bakhsh ( Urdu : گڑھی خدا بخش‎ ) is a village in Ratodero Taluka near Naudero , Sindh , Pakistan .
Shedin Peak is the highest mountain in the Atna Range and in the Skeena Mountains of northern British Columbia , Canada , located 77 km ( 48 mi ) north of Hazelton at the head of Rosenthal Creek .
Tarbes ( French pronunciation : ​(taʁb ) ) is a commune in the Hautes - Pyrénées department in the Midi - Pyrénées region of southwestern France .
The Arrondissement of Eeklo ( Dutch : Arrondissement Eeklo ; French : Arrondissement d'Eeklo ) is one of the six administrative arrondissements in the Province of East Flanders , Belgium .
The Brisbane Valley railway line was a railway connection in Queensland , Australia connecting Ipswich , west of Brisbane , to the upper Brisbane River valley .
The Aigeira Municipal Stadium ( Greek : Δημοτικό Στάδιο Αιγείρας , known as `` San Christo '' ) is a sport venue in Aigeira , Greece , the home ground of FC Panegiratikos .
Owli - ye Jonubi ( Persian : اولي جنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Owlī - ye Jonūbī ; also known as Olī - ye Jonūbī ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mount Barbaro or Mount Gauro in Italy Monte Barbaro or Monte Gauro , is one of the eruptive vents of the Phlegraean Fields , a volcanic field of Italy located in Campania .
Velesovo ( pronounced ( ʋɛˈleːsɔʋɔ ) ; German : Michelstetten ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Columbia International College is a private boarding preparatory school in the Ainslie Wood neighbourhood of Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Mast Bandi ( Persian : ماست بندي‎ , also Romanized as Māst Bandī ) is a village in Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba ( also known as Autódromo de Pinhais and Circuito Raul Boesel ) is a motorsport circuit located in Pinhais , Brazil .
Cape Otway Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cape Otway in southern Victoria , Australia .
The Hot Ice Show is a long - running ice show at Pleasure Beach , Blackpool in England , United Kingdom .
The Dollberge are a small mountain range in the northern Saarland and the adjoining part of the state of Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany .
Tampereen monitoimiareena or unofficially before Tampere Central Arena is an indoor arena in Tampere in Finland that is currently in the planning stages .
Nusbaum is a municipality in the district Bitburg - Prüm in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany , situated in the southern part of the Eifel .
The Madikwe Game Reserve is a protected area in South Africa , part of the latest park developments in the country .
Yèbles is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Brattvær Church ( Norwegian : Brattvær kirke ) is a parish church in Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Dziwigórz ( d͡ʑiˈviɡuʂ ) ( German : Diesdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Honoratów ( xɔnɔˈratuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż , within Opoczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
San Carlos and San Ambrosio Seminary is a seminary in Havana , Cuba .
Moshi Airport ( IATA : QSI , ICAO : HTMS ) is an airport in northeastern Tanzania serving the municipality of Moshi .
Vranidoll ( in Albanian ) or Vrani Do ( in Serbian ; Врани До ) is a village in the municipality of Pristina , in central Kosovo .
Rua Unidade Africana ( Portuguese for `` African Unity '' ) is a street in Mindelo , Cape Verde , running from Avenida Marginal to the historic Palácio do Povo ( then the Palácio do Governador ) .
Villa Carlotta is a villa in Northern Italy on Lake Como .
Krustpils Castle ( German : Kreutzburg , PolishKrzyżbork ) is a castle in Jēkabpils , Latvia .
Artifacts from Bab edh - Dhra are on display at Karak Archaeological Museum in Jordan ; the Kelso Bible Lands Museum housed at Pittsburgh Theological Seminary in Pittsburgh , PA , USA ; and the British Museum in London .
Mariannhill is a little suburb near Pinetown in KwaZulu Natal , South Africa .
The Moravian Gate ( Czech : Moravská brána , Polish : Brama Morawska , German : Mährische Pforte , Slovak : Moravská brána ) is a geomorphological feature in the Moravian region of the Czech Republic .
Vani ( Georgian : ვანი ) is a town in Imereti region of western Georgia , at the Sulori river ( a tributary of the Rioni river ) , 41 km southwest from the regional capital Kutaisi .
Rożnica ( rɔʐˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Châteauroux - Déols Air Base ( IATA : CHR , ICAO : LFLX ) is a former United States Air Force base in France .
Nerkin Dzhrapi ( also , Chirpili , Jrapi , and Dzhrapi ) is a former town in the Shirak Province of Armenia which was intentionally flooded by the Akhurian reservoir .
Ərmənət ( also , Armenat and Ermenet ) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Villavicencio ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biʎaβiˈsensjo ) ) is a city and municipality in Colombia , capital of Meta department , with 361,058 inhabitants ( 2005 census ) .
Shah - i - Zinda ( Uzbek : Shohizinda ; Persian : شاه زنده‎ , meaning `` The Living King '' ) is a necropolis in the north - eastern part of Samarkand , Uzbekistan .
Keflavík ( pronounced ( ˈcʰɛplaˌviːk ) , meaning Driftwood Bay ) is a town in the Reykjanes region in southwest Iceland .
Christofle is a manufacturer of fine silver flatware and home accessories based in France .
CIMA - FM ( 92.1 myFM ) is an FM radio station , operating on the frequency of 92.1 MHz in Alliston , Ontario , Canada .
Nigrita ( Greek : Νιγρίτα ) is a town and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Deh - e Kowsar ( Persian : ده كوثر‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Kows̄ar and Deh Kows̄ar ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Sekenke Gold Mine ( German : Sachsenwald , `` Saxon Forest '' ) was an underground gold mine in the Singida Region of Tanzania .
The Federal Ministry for the Environment , Nature Conservation , Building and Nuclear Safety , ( German : Bundesministerium für Umwelt , Naturschutz , Bau und Reaktorsicherheit ) , abbreviated BMUB , is a cabinet - level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany .
Mombach , with about 13,000 inhabitants , is a borough in the northwest corner of Mainz , Germany .
Ağbaşlar ( also , Agbashlar ) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kahramanmaraş Sütçüimam University ( KSU ) is a public university founded 1992 in Kahramanmaraş , Turkey .
Tarnów ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈtarnuf ) ; German : Tarnau ; Yiddish : טארנא‎ , Torna ) is a city in southeastern Poland with 115,341 inhabitants ( metro area 269,000 inhabitants ) as of June 2009 .
Molochny ( Russian : Моло́чный ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula on the lower Kola River , 15 kilometers ( 9.3 mi ) south of Murmansk .
Preljina is a small town in the municipality of Čačak , Serbia .
Miramare Castle ( Italian : Castello di Miramare ; German : Schloss Miramar ; Slovene : Grad Miramar ) is a 19th - century castle on the Gulf of Trieste near Trieste , northeastern Italy .
The American School of Bangkok ( ASB , Thai : โรงเรียนอเมริกันกรุงเทพ ) , a member of the International Schools Association of Thailand , is an international school located in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area , Thailand .
Gadpuk ( Persian : گدپوك‎ , also Romanized as Gadpūk ; also known as Gowdeh - ye Yūk ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Fletchers Glen is a small but very diverse temperate rainforest in Bouddi National Park in New South Wales , Australia .
Keurboomstrand is a resort town near Plettenberg Bay on the Western Cape of South Africa .
Tirano railway station ( RFI ) is one of two railway stations within the town and comune of Tirano , in the region of Lombardy , northern Italy .
Goruša ( Serbian : Горуша ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Spectacle Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , comprising c. 54 ha .
Last executions in Italy took place on March 4 , 1947 , following the Villarbasse massacre .
Cabramatta High School is the local high school of Cabramatta , an urbanised suburb located in south - west Sydney , Australia .
Parliament House , Perth is located on Harvest Terrace in West Perth , Western Australia .
Untereisenbach ( Luxembourgish : Ënnereesbech or Eesbech ) is a village in the commune of Hosingen , in northern Luxembourg .
Mała Dęba ( ˈmawa ˈdɛmba ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Oraczewice ( ɔrat͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Tube Alloys was a codename of the clandestine research and development programme , authorised by the Government of the United Kingdom with participation from Canada , aiming to develop nuclear weapons for the United Kingdom 's nuclear weapons programme during the Second World War .
Stadio Domenico Francioni , is a multi - purpose stadium in Latina , Lazio , Italy .
The Ulungur River or Urungu ( Mongolian : Өрөнгө гол , Öröngö Gol ; Chinese : 乌伦古河 Wūlúngǔ hé ) , in its upper reaches in Mongolia known as the Bulgan River ( Mongolian : Булган гол ) , is a river of China and Mongolia .
The Loos Memorial is a World War I memorial forming the sides and rear of Dud Corner Cemetery , located near the commune of Loos - en - Gohelle , in the Pas - de - Calais département of France .
The Tha Thung Na Dam ( Thai : เขื่อนท่าทุ่งนา ) is a multi - purpose hydroelectric dam in the Mueang District of Kanchanaburi Province , Thailand .
Tulca ( Hungarian : Tulka ) is a commune in Bihor county , in the Western Plains of Romania .
Arribes del Duero Natural Park is a protected area in western Spain , covering 106.105 ha in the autonomous community of Castile and León .
B Engineering is a small - volume automobile manufacturer located in Italy .
Dame Street ( Irish : Sráid an Dáma ) is a large thoroughfare in Dublin , Ireland .
Gonen ( Hebrew : גּוֹנֵן , lit . Defended ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
The Furgghorn ( German , Italian : Cima del Breuil ) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps , located on the boundary between the canton of Valais ( Switzerland ) and Aosta Valley ( northern Italy ) .
The Model Town Park ( former Nawaz Sharif Park ) is a family park and also a golf course located in Model Town , Lahore , Pakistan .
Pirapitinga Ecological Station is an ecological station in Brazil , on an island in the lake formed by the dam in Três Marias , Minas Gerais .
Banr ( Pashto : بنړ)is an administrative unit , known as Union council or Wards in Tehsil Babuzai , of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Galatasaray High School ( Turkish : Galatasaray Lisesi , French : Lycée de Galatasaray ) is one of the most influential high schools in modern Turkey .
Purmer is a polder and reclaimed lake in the Netherlands province of North Holland , located between the towns of Purmerend and Edam - Volendam .
Fier ( Albanian : Fier or Fieri ) is a city and a municipality in Fier County in southwest Albania .
Mindat District ( Burmese : မင်တပ်ခရိုင် ) is a district of the Chin State in Myanmar .
Marija Bistrica ( Croatian pronunciation : ( mǎrija bîstrit͡sa ) ) is a town and municipality in the Krapina - Zagorje County in central Croatia , located on the slopes of the Medvednica mountain in the Hrvatsko Zagorje region north of the capital Zagreb .
Chah - e Milak ( Persian : چاه ميلك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Mīlak ) is a village in Abarj Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Arco de los Blanco is an archway of the Castillo de la Villa in Cádiz , southern Spain .
The Mastigouche Wildlife Reserve is a Quebec Wildlife Reserve located in the administrative regions of the Mauricie and Lanaudière , Quebec , in Canada .
Radisson Blu City Centre Chennai is a 12-storied five - star hotel located in Egmore , Chennai , India .
Sib Chal ( Persian : سيب چال‎ , also Romanized as Sīb Chāl ) is a village in Cheshmeh Saran Rural District , Cheshmeh Saran District , Azadshahr County , Golestan Province , Iran .
McDowell Lake First Nation ( Oji - Cree : Misi - zhaaga'iganiing ) is a small Oji - Cree First Nation band government located in Northern Ontario , located approximately 155 km northeast of Red Lake , Ontario , Canada , on the central western shore of McDowell Lake .
Rosaneves is a neighbourhood of the Ribeirão das Neves town , metropolitan region of Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais state , Brazil .
Harbin Railway Bureau is the first Railway Bureau established by People 's Republic of China Government , of which the railway density is the highest in China .
Kuoloyarvi ( Russian : Куолоярви , Finnish : Kuolajärvi ) is a rural locality ( an inhabited locality ) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located north of the Arctic Circle at an altitude of 191 meters ( 627 ft ) above sea level .
Faloreia ( Greek : Φαλωρεία ) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Bori Bunder ( alternatively `` Bori Bandar '' ) was one of the areas along the Eastern shore line of Mumbai , India .
Deliblato ( Serbian Cyrillic : Делиблато ) is a village in Serbia , situated in the Kovin municipality in the Vojvodina province .
Gomyek - e Sofla ( Persian : گميك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gomyeh - e Soflá ; also known as Gowmyek - e Soflá ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Livadero ( Greek : Λιβαδερό ) is a village and a former community in Kozani regional unit , West Macedonia , Greece .
Luszawa ( luˈʂava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Çolaxlı ( also , Çolaqlı , Cholagly , and Cholakhly ) is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Busko - Zdrój ( ˈbuskɔ ˈzdrui̯ ) ( listen ) is a spa town in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , Poland .
Çankırı Karatekin University ( Turkish : Çankırı Karatekin Üniversitesi ) is a university located in Çankırı , Turkey .
Quartier Général d'Aboville , formerly Chaumont - Semoutiers Air Base , is a French Army artillery base in France .
Agarovići ( Serbian : Агаровићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Lake Murray Airport is an airport at Lake Murray , Papua New Guinea .
The Agreement between the government of the United Kingdom and the government of the United States relating to Air Services between their respective Territories ( Bermuda Agreement ) , reached in 1946 by American and British negotiators in Bermuda , was an early bilateral air transport agreement regulating civil air transport .
Maniototo Area School is an area school in Ranfurly , Central Otago , New Zealand , serving students aged 5 - -18 .
The Aganozersky mine is a large mine in the north - west of Russia in Republic of Karelia .
The National Coach Museum ( Portuguese : Museu Nacional dos Coches ) is located in the Belém district of Lisbon , in Portugal .
Sela pri Dobu ( pronounced ( ˈseːla pɾi ˈdoːbu ) ; German : Selo bei Dob ) is a small settlement just south of Dob pri Šentvidu in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Komiža experiences warm and temperate winters with warm to hot summers with the landward breeze making it the most moderate climate in the Republic of Croatia .
The Minister for States and Frontier Regions Minister of Pakistan heads the Ministry of States and Frontier Regions .
Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi ( literally `` The Football Club of Helsinki '' , simply known as HJK and HJK Helsinki ) is a professional football club based in Helsinki , Finland .
As of the 2001 India census , Virajpet had a population of 30000 .
Hlobyne ( Ukrainian : Глобине , Russian : Глобино ) is a city in Poltava Oblast , Ukraine .
Sinekçiler , Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli , Aydın Province , Turkey .
Berote Khurd is subdivision of Berote Kalan Union Council in Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan , it has a population of 2,500 .
Mish - e Now ( Persian : ميش نو‎ , also Romanized as Mīsh - e Now ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stary Machnów ( ˈstarɨ ˈmaxnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The University of Lausanne ( UNIL , French : Université de Lausanne ) in Lausanne , Switzerland was founded in 1537 as a school of theology , before being made a university in 1890 .
Stadion Albert Flórián was a sports stadium in Budapest , Hungary .
Rotenburg an der Wümme ( until May 1969 : Rotenburg in Hannover ) is a town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Spanish Republican Navy was the naval arm of the Armed Forces of the Second Spanish Republic , the legally established government of Spain between 1931 and 1939 .
The Agaskyrskoe mine is a large molybdenum mine located in the south of Russia in Khakassia .
Zacazonapan ( pronounced sah - kah - soh - NAH - pahn ) is a village and municipality near Mexico City .
The ruins of Metapontum are located in the frazione of Metaponto , in the comune of Bernalda , in the Province of Matera , Basilicata region , Italy .
Baryaji Rural District ( Persian : دهستان برياجي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Total Swimming is a company based in the United Kingdom that specialises in the delivery of swimming at grassroots level .
Kalma Chowk ( Urdu , Western Punjabi : کلمہ چوک ) is a famous town square , chowk and road intersection in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan .
Sete Cidades National Park ( Portuguese : Parque Nacional de Sete Cidades ) is a national park of Brazil .
HR hosts annual Hallberg - Rassy Regattas in Sweden , in the UK , the Netherlands , in the USA ( east and west coast ) and in Italy ( since 2004 ; Punta Ala ) .
Aphrodisias ( /æfrəˈdɪsiəs/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἀφροδισιάς Aphrodisiás ) was a small ancient Greek city in the historic Caria cultural region of western Anatolia , Turkey .
Mingora ( also spelled Mingawara or Mangora or Mingaora ) ( Pashto : مینګورہ‎ ) is the largest commercial city in Swat District , Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
The Kolonjë District ( Albanian : Rrethi i Kolonjës ) , is one of the thirty - six districts of Albania , part of Korçë County .
The Archbishop Mihayo University College of Tabora ( AMUCTA ) is a constituent college of St. Augustine University of Tabora , Tanzania .
Arang Kel is a lush green village , hill station and tourist spot in Neelam valley , Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .
Mesoropi ( Greek : Μεσορόπη);is a village in the south - eastern part of the regional unit of Kavala in northern Greece .
The Ngel Nyaki Forest Reserve is situated on the Mambilla Plateau in SE Nigeria , covering 46k m2 .
Liktori ( ' Lictor ' ) was a twice - weekly Albanian - Italian bilingual newspaper published from Korçë during the Italian occupation of Albania .
Khulna University of Engineering & Technology ( Bengali : খুলনা প্রকৌশল ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় , pronounced : ( kʰulna prokowʃɔl o prodʒukt̪i biʃʃobid̪d̪alɔe̯ ) ) commonly known as KUET ( ( kue̯eʈ ) ; Bengali : কুয়েট ) , formerly BIT , Khulna , is a public university of Bangladesh emphasizing education and research on engineering and technology .
The Wilder Freiger ( Italian : Cima Libera ; German : Wilder Freiger ) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol , Austria , and South Tyrol , Italy .
Lachin Darrehsi ( Persian : لاچين دره سي‎ , also Romanized as Lāchīn Darrehsī and Lachīn Darrahsī ) is a village in Angut - e Gharbi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Stanstead / Weller Airport , ( TC LID : CTQ2 ) , is located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) northeast of Stanstead , Quebec , Canada .
Basketball Club `` BC '' Tigers Astana ( Russian : Баскетбольный клуб `` БК '' Тигры Астана ) or more commonly Astana Tigers ( Russian : Тигры Астана ) is a Kazakhstani basketball club based in the capital city of Astana in Kazakhstan .
Oleśno ( ɔˈlɛɕnɔ ) ( German : Preussisch Königsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Leards Range Lights are a set of two range lights ( rear and front ) on Prince Edward Island , Canada .
Varaq ( Persian : ورق‎ ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Asfal ( Persian : اسفل‎ , also Romanized as Esfal ) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Taluk Thiam ( Thai : ตลุกเทียม ) is a subdistrict in the Phrom Phiram District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Le Cours ( Ar C'hour in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north - western France .
Mehammarsåta or Midhamarsåta is the highest mountain on the island of Stord in the municipality of Stord in Hordaland county , Norway .
Kapiniškiai is an ethnographic village in Lithuania .
Namaacha District is a district of Maputo Province in southern Mozambique .
Senapati Cricket Stadium or Bokaro Cricket Stadium or Bokaro Steel City Cricket Stadium is a sports stadium located in Bokaro Steel City , Jharkhand , India .
The Eddystone Lighthouse is on the dangerous Eddystone Rocks , 9 statute miles ( 14 km ) south of Rame Head , England , United Kingdom .
Abdet ( Valencian : ( abˈdet ) , Spanish : ( aβˈðet ) ) is a small village in the Guadalest Valley of the Costa Blanca , Valencian Community in Spain .
Walce ( ˈvalt͡sɛ ) is a village in Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gibara ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xiˈβaɾa ) ) is a town and municipality of the Province of Holguín in the Republic of Cuba .
Faber Towers is a twin tower skyscraper in Taman Desa , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Since CIDC - FM in Toronto went exclusively top 40 , CJFM - FM is the only radio station in Canada playing dance top 40 music daily , as the station airs dance shows nightly Sundays to Thursdays from midnight to 3 am , and Fridays and Saturdays from 7 pm to 5 am .
Ernst - Hoferichter - Preis is a literary prize of Germany .
Umeå ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈʉːmɛo ) , local pronunciation : ( ˈʉːmɛ ) ; South Westrobothnian ( ²ʉːm ) ; Ume Sami : Ubmeje , Southern Sami : Upmeje , Finnish : Uumaja , Northern Sami : Ubmi ) is a town in northern Sweden .
Qinar - e Sofla ( Persian : قينرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qīnar - e Soflá ; also known as Qīz - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Gare de Saint - Omer - en - Chaussée ( Saint - Omer - en - Chaussée Station ) is a rail station located in the commune of Saint - Omer - en - Chaussée in the Oise department , France .
Gondiswil ( local dialect Gumiswil ) is a municipality in the Oberaargau administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Kamienna Góra - Gajówka ( kaˈmjɛnna ˈɡura ɡaˈjufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Əncəqov is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Moładava ( Belarusian : Моладава ; Polish : Mołodów ; Russian : Молодово ) - is a township in Ivanava Raion of Brest Region in Belarus .
The Plabutsch Tunnel is an approximately 10 km long ( east tunnel 9919 m , west tunnel 10,085 m ) road tunnel west side of Graz , Austria .
Næstved Museum is located in Helligåndshuset ( Hose of the Holy Spirit ) in Næstved , central Zealand , Denmark .
The Forest of Saint - Germain - en - Laye or Forêt de Saint - Germain - en - Laye , is a dominial forest of 35 km2 in area which lies in a meander of the River Seine , France .
Ghafurov District or Nohiya - i Ghafurov ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Ғафуров , Persian : ناحیۀ غفورف‎ ) is a district in the northern part of Sughd province , Tajikistan .
Mariánska hora , ( 781 m. above sea level ) , a hill above Levoča , Slovakia , with spectacular views over the town and countryside , is the location of the Basilica of the Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary ( Slovak - Bazilika navštívenia Panny Márie ) , built between 1906 and 1922 .
The Canadian Museums Association is a national organization for the promotion of museums in Canada .
Motta Montecorvino is a town and comune of the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
Zalian ( Persian : زاليان‎ , also Romanized as Zālīān , Zāleyān , and Zālīyān ) is a village in Zalian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Rio de Janeiro State University ( Portuguese : Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro , UERJ ) is one of the largest universities in Brazil .
Tursunzoda ( Tajik : Турсунзода , also Tursunzade from Russian spelling ) is a city in western Tajikistan , known for its aluminium smelting plant TadAZ .
Umm Dreiga ( Arabic : أم دريكة‎ ) ( or Oum Dreiga ) is an oasis town in the Río de Oro area of Western Sahara .
Harzeneh ( Persian : هرزنه‎ ; also known as Harzīneh ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cayo Santa María ( Cay or `` Key '' of Santa Maria ) is an island off Cuba 's north central coast in the Jardines del Rey archipelago .
Najjera , sometimes spelled as Najjeera is a location in Kira Municipality , Wakiso District , Central Uganda .
Vila Nova River is a river of Amapá state in Brazil .
The Fred Hollows Reserve is a local government -- administered reserve that is located in the eastern suburbs of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Roche Jacques is a mountain in Alberta 's Rockies , Canada .
The 2013 European Short Course Swimming Championships took place in Herning , Denmark , from 12 - -15 December 2013 .
Churchill Park School is a co - ed primary and intermediate school in Glendowie , Auckland , New Zealand .
The Saschiz fortified church ( Romanian : Biserica fortificată din Saschiz ; German : Kirchenburg von Keisd ) is a Lutheran fortified church in Saschiz ( Keisd ) , Mureș County , in the Transylvania region of Romania .
Chatrud District ( Persian : بخش چترود‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
La Santísima Church is located 12 La Santísima Street at corner of Emiliano Zapata Street in the historic center of Mexico City .
Tikmah Ajam ( Persian : تيكمه عجم‎ , also Romanized as Tīkmah `` Ajam ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 130 , in 30 families .
Al Rostamani Maze Tower is a skyscraper located along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Adelaide Morning Chronicle was a newspaper published in Adelaide , South Australia during 1852 and 1853 .
Tresticklan National Park ( Swedish : Tresticklan nationalpark ) is located in the municipality of Dals - Ed in northwestern Dalsland , Sweden , along the Norwegian border .
The Amsterdam Pipe Museum ( formerly Dutch : Pijpenkabinet , `` pipe cabinet '' ) is a museum in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , dedicated to smoking pipes , tobacco , and related paraphernalia .
The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía ( MNCARS , also called the Museo Reina Sofía , Queen Sofía Museum , El Reina Sofía , or simply The Sofia ) is Spain 's national museum of 20th - century art . The museum was officially inaugurated on September 10 , 1992 and is named for Queen Sofía .
Jugirkanda is a village in Otra Union or Wazirpur Upazila , Barisal District in Bangladesh .
The Voies Ferrées des Landes ( VFL ) was founded in 1916 from the merger of three short line railway companies in the Landes forest region of Gascony , France .
Johan Nygaardsvolds plass is a town square in Oslo , Norway .
UK Islamic Mission is an Islamic organization in the United Kingdom founded both to `` serve the Muslim community '' , and as `` an ideological movement '' to `` mould the entire human life according to Allah 's revealed Guidance '' .
Agios Georgios Lefkas ( Greek : Άγιος Γεώργιος Λεύκας ) is an abandoned village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , and it lies within the UN Buffer Zone .
The World Trade Centre Montreal ( in French , Centre de Commerce mondial de Montréal ) is an office and hotel complex located in the Quartier international district of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Thorpe Bank is the name of a large bank south - east of Mahe island in the Seychelles .
Karlievo ( Bulgarian : Карлиево ) is a village in western Bulgaria .
Tukzar or Tokzar or Tugzar is a town in Sancharak district of Sar - e Pol Province , Afghanistan .
Bakkaflói is a large bay in eastern Iceland , to the north of Bakkafjordur and to the southeast of Langanes .
Ganthem Church ( Swedish : Ganthems kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland , in the Diocese of Visby ( Sweden ) .
Katora is a village in near Baikunthpur in Koriya district of Chhattisgarh state of India .
Litovel ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈlɪtovɛl ) ; German : Littau ) is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Dzhanka ( Bulgarian : Джанка , `` damson '' ) is a village in Krumovgrad municipality , Kardzhali Province in the very south of Bulgaria , located in the Eastern Rhodopes .
Fojnica is a town and municipality in central Bosnia and Herzegovina , located west of the capital Sarajevo .
Inđija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Инђија , pronounced ( ǐndʑija ) ) is a town and a municipality located in Serbia .
Njupeskär is a waterfall in the river Njupån in Fulufjället National Park , Sweden .
Antigua Recreation Ground is the national stadium of Antigua and Barbuda .
Middelburg ( Dutch : ( ˈmɪdəlˌbʏrx ) ) is a municipality and a city in the south - western Netherlands and the capital of the province of Zeeland .
1st International School of Ostrava ( 1stISO ) is a private , coeducational school located in Ostrava , Czech Republic .
Ojinaga Municipality ( formally : Manuel Ojinaga ) is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua , in northern Mexico .
Faro Airport ( Portuguese : Aeroporto Internacional de Faro ) ( IATA : FAO , ICAO : LPFR ) , also known as Algarve Airport , is located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) to the west of Faro in Portugal .
Contadero ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kontaˈðero ) ) is a town and municipality in the Nariño Department , Colombia .
Kępiny Wielkie ( kɛmˈpinɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Zeyersniederkampen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
St. Mary 's Cathedral , often known as Urakami Cathedral ( Japanese : 浦上天主堂 Urakami Tenshudō ) after its location Urakami , is a Roman Catholic church located in Motoomachi , Nagasaki , Japan .
Laitaure is a lake in Lapland , Sweden which is formed by the Rapa River .
The Toronto Central Prison , also known as the Central Prison , Central Prison for Men , and more colloquially as The Toronto Jail ( the third of four Toronto area jails to be given that nickname ) was a prison in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Rindermarktbrunnen or literally `` Cattle market fountain '' in English is a modern sculpture in the historical Altstadt of Munich , in Bavaria , Germany .
Andrupene parish ( Latvian : Andrupenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Dagda Municipality , Latvia .
The Contemporary Singers of Australia were a chamber choir based in Sydney , New South Wales , dedicated to the choral music of the 20th century .
Jeanette Kawas National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Jeannette Kawas ) is a national park located in the municipality of Tela , on the northern Caribbean coast of the Atlántida department of Honduras .
Keilor Downs College is a high school which services the Keilor Downs area of Melbourne , Australia .
Čepin ( Hungarian : Csepin ; German : Tschepin ) is a town and municipality in Osijek - Baranja County , Croatia .
Manosque ( Provençal Occitan : Manòsca in classical norm or Manosco in Mistralian norm ) is the largest town and commune in the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence department in southeastern France .
The V&A Museum of Childhood in Bethnal Green in the East End of London is a branch of the Victoria and Albert Museum ( the `` V&A '' ) , which is the United Kingdom 's national museum of applied arts .
Collège Marie - Anne is a Catholic school founded in Port - au - Prince , Haiti in 1965 and transplanted to the parish of Christ - Roi in the borough of Bourdon in 1971 .
Cerro Sechín ( also Sechín de las Estelas ) is an archaeological site in Casma Province of Ancash Region in northern Peru .
The National Operations Council ( NOC ) or Majlis Gerakan Negara ( MAGERAN ) was an emergency administrative body which attempted to restore law and order in Malaysia after the 13 May Incident in 1969 , when racial rioting broke out in the federal capital of Kuala Lumpur .
Narjeh ( Persian : نرجه‎ , also Romanized as Nerjeh ; also known as Nīrja ) is a city in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Innachori ( Greek : Δήμος Ινναχωρίου ) is a group of villages and a former municipality in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Southorpe is a civil parish in the city of Peterborough , Cambridgeshire , in the United Kingdom .
Etzel Pass ( el . 950 m. ) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland .
Nitzan ( Hebrew : ניצן‎ , lit . Flower bud ) is a religiously observant communal settlement in southern Israel .
Wilkowiecko ( vilkɔˈvjɛt͡skɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Nioghalvfjerdsbrae ( 79 ° 00′N 025 ° 00′W ) , sometimes referred to as `` 79 N Glacier '' , is a large glacier located in northeast Greenland .
Mazga ( Persian : مزگا‎ , also Romanized as Mazgā ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
These were the most common surnames in Westmorland at the time of the United Kingdom Census of 1881 by order of incidence .
Koudo is an arrondissement in the Mono department of Benin .
The University of Zurich ( UZH , German : Universität Zürich ) , located in the city of Zürich , is the largest university in Switzerland , with over 26,000 students .
The Ngadda River is a river in Nigeria that flows into Lake Chad and the Chad Basin .
Tebowizna ( tɛbɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Drumbess is a townland between Cornafean and Killeshandra in County Cavan , Ireland .
Jarlsberg was a former countship that forms a part of today 's Vestfold county in Norway .
The Swedish Workers Union ( Swedish : Svenska arbetareförbundet , abbreviated SvA ) was a labour organization in Sweden active between 1899 and 1919 .
Jernbanetorget ( lit : The Railway Square ) is a large square in Oslo , Norway , in front of Oslo Central Station .
Gåsgränd ( Swedish : `` Goose Alley '' ) is an alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
The Umhlametsi Game Reserve is a game reserve located next to Kruger National Park , in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
Gasetsho Gom Gewog ( Dzongkha : དགའ་སེང་ཚོ་གོངམ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Wangdue Phodrang District , Bhutan .
Galen University is an independent university in Belize , Central America , with Sustainable Development as one its core values .
Rafaela ( Spanish pronunciation : ( rafaˈela ) ) is a city in the province of Santa Fe , Argentina , about 96 km from the provincial capital .
The Melbourne Hotel is a heritage listed landmark hotel in Perth , Western Australia .
Beryozovskaya GRES is a coal - fired power plant near the town of Sharypovo in Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia .
Mourad Zaoui was born in the Aïn Sebaâ district of Casablanca , Morocco on 23 April 1980 .
César Marie Félix Ancey , administrator at Mascara , Algeria , was born in Marseille , France , 15 November 1860 .
Maria Nikitochkina ( Russian : Мария Никиточкина , born 14 June 1979 ) is a former competitive figure skater who represented Belarus and Ukraine .
David J. Reimer served as the interim leader of the Christian Heritage Party of Canada , effective February 1 , 2014 , succeeding Jim Hnatiuk , until November 7 , 2014 when Rod Taylor was affirmed leader at the national leadership convention .
Dana Reizniece - Ozola ( born November 6 , 1981 in Kuldīga ) is the Minister of Economics of the Republic of Latvia .
Ayuready ? was a Japanese talk show that ran from 2002 to 2004 which featured Ayumi Hamasaki singing with and interviewing several other pop stars .
The Beguiling of Merlin is a painting by the Pre - Raphaelite painter Edward Burne - Jones which was created between 1872 and 1877 .
The Vale of Rest ( 1858 - -1859 ) is a painting by John Everett Millais .
How Do You Want Me ? is a British television sitcom , produced by Kensington Films & Television , written by Simon Nye , and directed by John Henderson .
The Sistine Chapel ceiling , painted by Michelangelo between 1508 and 1512 , is one of the most renowned artworks of the High Renaissance .
The Prodigal Son in the Brothel is a painting by the Dutch master Rembrandt .
The First Supper ( 1988 ) is a controversial work of art by Susan Dorothea White , based on Leonardo da Vinci 's painting The Last Supper .
Joking Apart is a BBC television sitcom written by Steven Moffat about the rise and fall of a relationship .
The New Shmoo is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series based on the character from the Li'l Abner comic strip created by Al Capp , produced by Hanna - Barbera Productions and broadcast on NBC from September 22 , 1979 to November 15 , 1980 .
Idol Ko si Kap ( English : Kap Is My Idol ) is a situational comedy television show in the Philippines aired every Saturday evenings by GMA Network from 2000 to 2005 .
Lassie is a fictional female Rough Collie dog character created by Eric Knight in a short story that was later expanded to a full - length novel called Lassie Come - Home .
Big Train is a surreal British television comedy sketch show created by Arthur Mathews and Graham Linehan , writers of the successful sitcom Father Ted .
Bitoy 's Funniest Videos was a Philippine comedy show aired every Saturday night on GMA Network hosted by Michael V. ( also known as Bitoy ) , dubbed as the Master of Disguises .
The Niccolini - Cowper Madonna , also known as the Large Cowper Madonna , is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance artist Raphael , depicting Mary and Child , against a blue sky .
Boston Public is an American drama television series created by David E. Kelley and broadcast on Fox .
Moonrise , Hernandez , New Mexico is a photograph by Ansel Adams , taken late in the afternoon on November 1 , 1941 , from a shoulder of U.S. Route 84 - 285 .
Ciacco ( ˈtʃakko ) is one of the characters in the Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri that were not yet well defined by historians .
Lee Aronsohn has stated that the premise of Two and a Half Men was created amidst many other TV series centered around mainly women which he viewed as a serious problem in television .
Ancient Maya art refers to the material arts of the Maya civilization , an eastern and south - eastern Mesoamerican culture that took shape in the course of the later Preclassic Period ( 500 BCE to 200 CE ) .
Tolkien 's legendarium is the term for the entirety of J. R. R. Tolkien 's mythopoetic writing that forms the background to his The Lord of the Rings .
Women in the Garden ( French : Femmes au jardin ) is an oil painting begun in 1866 by French artist Claude Monet when he was 26 .
The Valkhof at Nijmegen is an oil painting by Dutch artist Aelbert Cuyp , likely painted between 1652 and 1654 , during the Dutch Golden Age .
Tip en Tap is a Belgian animated television series created by Ray Goossens and produced by the Belgische Radio en Televisie ( BRT ) in 1969 .
L.H.O.O.Q. ( French pronunciation : ​(ɛl aʃ o o ky ) ) is a work of art by Marcel Duchamp .
The Madonna dell'Impannata is an oil on panel ( 158x125 cm ) painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael .
Imogen and Twinka at Yosemite is a 1974 photograph by Judy Dater .
Both I 'll Bet and It 's Your Bet were produced by Ralph Andrews .
Spaced is a British television sitcom written by and starring Jessica Stevenson and Simon Pegg , and directed by Edgar Wright .
Etch A Sketch is a mechanical drawing toy invented by André Cassagnes of France and subsequently manufactured by the Ohio Art Company .
Pyramid of Skulls is a c. 1901 oil painting by French Post - Impressionist artist Paul Cézanne .
Frenzy of Exultations ( Szał uniesień ) , or better known as just Frenzy ( Szał ) , is an 1893 painting by Polish artist , Władysław Podkowiński , and is credited as the most famous work in his output .
The original Baker Street Irregulars are fictional characters featured in the Sherlock Holmes stories of Arthur Conan Doyle .
The World Trade Center Tapestry was a large tapestry by Joan Miró and Josep Royo .
Vesuvius from Posillipo by Moonlight was painted by Joseph Wright of Derby in 1774 .
Mountain Landscape with Rainbow ( 1809 - 10 ) ( German : Gebirgslandschaft mit Regenbogen ) , is an oil painting by the German Romantic artist Caspar David Friedrich .
The Murder at the Vicarage is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie , first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in October 1930 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company later in the same year .
Xiao Xiao ( Chinese : 小小作品 ; pinyin : Xiǎo Xiǎo Zuò Pǐn ) is an Internet Flash cartoon series by Chinese animator Zhu Zhiqiang , featuring stick figure men performing choreographed fight scenes .
Phil Shanahan ( 4th of January 1928 -- 5th February 2012 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary and Dublin senior teams .
Duke Bojadziev ( Macedonian : Дуке Бојаџиев Macedonian pronunciation : ( dukɛ boyadziev ) born 24 September 1972 ) is a Macedonian composer , record producer and pianist , who lives in New York City .
Solomon Braun ( 1868 - -1899 ) was a French lieutenant of artillery , born at Paris in 1868 and died in Togbao , Chad , in 1899 .
Cesare Maccari ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈtʃeːzare makˈkaːri ) ; 9 May 1840 -- 7 August 1919 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor , most famous for his 1888 painting Cicerone denuncia Catalina ( usually translated as Cicero Accuses Catiline or Cicero Denounces Catiline ) .
Louis - Alphonse de Valbelle ( 1640 - -1708 ) was a French Roman Catholic Bishop .
Ma Buluan ( 1905 - -1969 ) ( simplified Chinese : 马步銮 ; traditional Chinese : 馬步鑾 ; pinyin : Mǎ Bùluán ; Wade -- Giles : Ma Pu - luan ) was a Ma Clique General in the National Revolutionary Army , and a relative of Ma Bufang , the Governor of Qinghai .
Nagabhata II ( 805 - -833 ) ascended the throne of the Gurjara - Pratihara dynasty after his father Vatsaraja .
Vera Freeman ( 1865 - 1896 ) was a stage actress who was found dead at the Pomeroy Hotel , Broadway ( Manhattan ) and 59th Street ( Manhattan ) , on the morning of January 25 , 1896 .
General Charles Vallancey FRS ( 6 April 1731 -- 8 August 1812 ) was a British military surveyor sent to Ireland .
Charles Thomas Whitmell ( 10 July 1849 -- 10 December 1919 ) was an English astronomer , mathematician and educationalist .
Nancy Cooke de Herrera ( born Nancy Veitch , 1922 - -2013 ) was an American socialite , fashion expert , and author of three books , including All You Need Is Love :
Fray Mocho died on 23 August 1903 , just 3 days short of his 45th birthday ; an illness that had troubled him for years eventually causing his death .
Johann Christoph Fugger ( 1561 - 1612 ) was a German businessman and the last famous survivor of the Fugger vom Reh branch of the Fugger family .
Johan Kievit ( 1627 - -1692 ) was an Orangist Rotterdam Regent , who may have been one of the instigators of the murder of former Grand Pensionary Johan de Witt , of the Dutch Republic , and his brother Cornelis de Witt on 20 August 1672 , together with his brother - in - law , Cornelis Tromp .
Alexander Poynton , OBE , ( 8 August 1853 -- 9 January 1935 ) was an Australian politician .
Nils Kihlberg ( 4 June 1915 -- 2 April 1965 ) was a Swedish actor , singer and director .
Sir John Henry Kerr , KCSI , KCIE ( 31 May 1871 -- 8 April 1934 ) was a colonial governor in British India
Florence Meyerheim ( October 1873 -- c. 1936 ) was a British illustrator of children 's books .
Joseph Barss ( 21 February 1776 -- 3 August 1824 ) was a sea captain of the schooner Liverpool Packet and was one of the most successful privateers on the North American Atlantic coast during the War of 1812 .
Jan Kjellström ( born 1940 , died 1967 ) was an orienteer from Sweden who played an important role in the development of the sport of orienteering in Great Britain .
Frieda Dänzer ( 16 November 1930 -- 21 January 2015 ) was a Swiss Alpine skier , successful in the second half of the 1950s .
Thomas Richardson Colledge ( 1796 -- 28 October 1879 ) was a Scottish surgeon with the East India Company at Guangzhou ( Canton ) who served part - time as the first medical missionary in China .
Bob Godwin ( May 5 , 1911 in Moultrie , GA -- August 1 , 1980 ) was an American boxer .
Gladys Lucy Adshead ( April 25 , 1896 - -1985 ) was a British - born writer of children 's books .
Lovji Nusserwanjee Wadia ( 1702 - -1774 ) was a Parsi from Surat province of Gujarat in India and was a member of the Wadia family of shipwrights and naval architects , who founded Wadia Group in 1736 .
Thomas Augustine Hendrick ( 29 October 1849 at Penn Yan , New York , U.S.A. -- 29 November 1909 at Cebú , Philippines ) was an American Catholic priest ; he became the 22nd Bishop of Cebú , the first American to hold this position .
Thomas Weihs ( born 30 April 1914 Vienna ( then the Austro - Hungarian Empire ) , died 19 June 1983 Aberdeen , Scotland ) was a doctor , farmer and special needs educator , one of the founders and leading co - workers of the Camphill Movement and a pioneer of Anthroposophical curative education .
Charles Pickard Ware ( 1840 - -1921 ) , was an American educator and music transcriber .
Lieutenant - Colonel William Chaine , MVO ( 1 January 1838 - 3 July 1916 ) was a British military officer and courtier .
Charles Frederick Lyttelton ( 26 January 1887 - 3 October 1931 ) was a priest from the Lyttelton family .
Sir Humphrey Edwin ( 1642 - -1707 ) was an English merchant and lord mayor of London .
Margarida Cabral de Melo ( 1570 - -1631 ) was a Portuguese noble lady who settled with her husband and sons in Buenos Aires .
Jules - Édouard Prévost ( 21 November 1871 -- 13 October 1943 ) was a Laurier Liberal and Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
José Emilio Rabasa Estebanell ( 22 May 1856 -- 25 April 1930 ) was a prominent 19th century Mexican writer , diplomat and liberal politician .
Etta Wriedt ( 1859 - 1942 ) was an American direct voice medium .
Wolfgang Fischer ( 11 December 1888 -- 1 February 1943 ) was a German career military officer and panzer commander in World War II . He was killed on 1 February 1943 near Mareth in Tunisia when his staff car drove into a poorly marked Italian minefield and hit a land mine .
The Reverend Jacob Rutsen Hardenbergh , D.D. , S.T.D. , ( 22 February 1735/6 -- 30 October 1790 ) was an American Dutch Reformed clergyman , colonial and state legislator , and educator .
Manuel Erotikos Komnenos ( Greek : Μανουήλ Ἐρωτικός Κομνηνός ; 955/960 -- ca . 1020 ) was a Byzantine military leader under Basil II , and the first fully documented ancestor of the Komnenos dynasty .
Kristen Feilberg or Christen Schjellerup Feilberg ( 1839 - -1919 ) was an early Danish photographer who is known mainly for his images captured far beyond the borders of Denmark .
Rhydderch Hael ( Welsh : Rhydderch the Generous , fl . 580 -- c. 614 ) was a ruler of Alt Clut , a Brittonic kingdom in the Hen Ogledd or `` Old North '' of Britain .
Albrecht Fröhlich FRS ( 22 May 1916 -- 8 November 2001 ) was a mathematician famous for his major results and conjectures on Galois module theory in the Galois structure of rings of integers .
Olga Lengyel ( 19 October 1908 -- 15 April 2001 ) was a Hungarian prisoner at the Auschwitz - Birkenau concentration camp , and later wrote about her experiences in her book Five Chimneys .
Gonzalo Inzunza Inzunza ( 17 August 1971 -- 18 December 2013 ) , commonly referred to by his alias El Macho Prieto , was a Mexican drug lord and high - ranking leader of the Sinaloa Cartel , a Mexican transnational criminal organization .
John Zachariah Laurence ( 1829 -- 18 July 1870 ) was an English ophthalmologist who practiced medicine in London .
Warren Billingsley Hitchcock ( 18 December 1919 -- 16 March 1984 ) was an Australian field biologist and ornithologist .
Alessandro Scarlatti ( 2 May 1660 -- 22 October 1725 ) was an Italian Baroque composer , especially famous for his operas and chamber cantatas .
Rafael Frontaura ( 7 February 1896 in Valparaiso - 15 August 1966 in Santiago ) was a Chilean actor who worked in both Chilean and Argentine cinema .
Frederic Geeson ( 23 August 1862 -- 2 May 1920 ) was an English cricketer active from 1892 to 1913 who played for Leicestershire .
Mary Philadelphia Merrifield ( née Watkins ; 15 April 1804 -- 4 January 1889 ) was a British writer on art and fashion .
Sebastian Brant ( also Brandt ) ( 1457 -- 10 May 1521 ) was a German humanist and satirist .
Abraham Cornelisz van der Schalcken ( 1582 -- 1642 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age sergeant of the local militia and coster of the Grote Kerk , Haarlem .
Guan Daosheng ( Chinese : 管道昇 ; 1262 - -1319 ) was a Chinese poet and painter who was active during the Yuan Dynasty .
The Master of the Tiburtine Sibyl ( fl . 1475 - 1495 ) was an unidentified Early Netherlandish painter , probably from Haarlem , named after The Tiburtine Sibyl meets Augustus , a work in the Städel in Frankfurt .
Tom Purvis ( 12 June 1888 -- 27 August 1959 ) was a British painter and commercial poster artist .
Hain Ahmed Pasha ( died 1524 ) was an Ottoman governor , beylerbey , and statesman .
Henry Walter Bellew MRCP ( 30 August 1834 -- 26 July 1892 ) was an Indian - born British medical officer who worked in Afghanistan .
Ernest G. Eagleson ( January 13 , 1864 -- August 17 , 1956 ) was an American politician who served two nonconsecutive terms as mayor of Boise , Idaho , in the 1910s and 1920s .
Guilhem Ademar ( Old Occitan ( ɡiˈʎɛm adeˈmaɾ ) ; also spelled Guillem , Adamar , or Azemar ; fl . 1190/1195 - -1217 ) was a troubadour from the Gévaudan . He travelled between the courts of Albi , Toulouse , Narbonne , and Spain .
Nadav Levitan ( Hebrew : נדב לויתן‎ ; 21 April 1945 -- 9 January 2010 ) was an Israeli film director , screenwriter , writer and songwriter .
William Robert Young PC(Ire ) ( c.1856 -- 12 September 1933 ) was an Irish linen merchant , politician and philanthropist .
John M. Fitzpatrick ( 15 July 1948 - 14 May 2014 ) was an Irish urologist , known for his pioneering work on the field of men 's prostate cancer .
Anthony Emmett ( 1790 - -1872 ) , was an English soldier , who became a major - general in the Royal Engineers .
Gunnora ( or Gunnor ) ( circa 936 -- 5 Jan 1031 ) was a Duchess of Normandy and the wife of Richard I of Normandy .
Braulio Arellano Domínguez ( died 4 November 2009 ) was a Mexican drug trafficker who was one of the founders the Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas with other military men in the late 1990s .
Shaaban bin Robert , also known as Shaaban Robert ( 1 January 1909 -- 20 June 1962 ) , was a Tanzanian poet , author , and essayist who supported the preservation of Tanzanian verse traditions .
Jacob Warrick ( 1773 - -November 7 , 1811 ) was an early settler of Indiana and a militia officer .
Benjamin Parry ( February 1634 -- 4 October 1678 ) was Church of Ireland Bishop of Ossory from 27 January 1678 until his death later the same year .
John Cushley ( 21 January 1943 -- 24 March 2008 ) was a Scottish football player who played for Celtic , West Ham United , Dunfermline Athletic and Dumbarton He was born in 1943 in Hamilton , South Lanarkshire , and joined Celtic in July 1960 as a centre - half in the team 's reserves .
Jaan Eilart ( 24 June 1933 -- 18 May 2006 ) was an Estonian phytogeographer , landscape ecologist , cultural historian and conservationist .
Timothy L. Mounts ( died 1997 ) made significant contributions to the advancement of agriculture technology .
Luigi Villoresi ( 16 May 1909 -- 24 August 1997 ) was an Italian Grand Prix motor racing driver who continued racing on the Formula One circuit at the time of its inception .
The Rt . Hon . Christopher Palles , PC , QC ( 25 December 1831 -- 14 February 1920 ) , was an Irish barrister and perhaps the most eminent Irish judge of his time .
Valentina Giovagnini ( 6 April 1980 -- 2 January 2009 ) was an Italian pop singer , active between 2001 and 2009 .
Lelio Cantoni ( 1802 , Gazzuolo , Dukedom of Mantua -- 1857 , Turin ) was an Italian rabbi .
Dinicu Golescu ( usual rendition of Constantin Radovici Golescu ; 7 February 1777 -- 5 October 1830 ) , a member of the Golescu family of boyars , was a Wallachian Romanian man of letters , mostly noted for his travel writings and journalism .
George Cowell ( 1 November 1870 -- 27 April 1937 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mary Mackellar ( née Cameron ; 1 October 1834 -- 7 September 1890 ) was a prominent Highland Scottish poet and Scottish Gaelic - English translator of the 19th century .
George Ambrose Pogson ( died 23 August 1914 ) was the British Consul in Hamburg from 1880 - 1914 .
George Pettie ( 1548 - -1589 ) was an English writer of romances .
Prof William Harold Joseph Childs FRSE ( 1905 - 1983 ) was a British physicist and academic author .
Alebachew Teka ( 1962 - -2005 ) was born in North - Wello , in a small town called Wourgessa .
Václav Kliment Klicpera ( 23 November 1792 -- 15 September 1859 ) was a Czech playwright , author , and poet .
William Highett ( 1807 -- 29 November 1880 ) was a banker and politician in colonial Victoria , a member of the Victorian Legislative Council .
Andrew Eliot ( 1718 - 1778 ) was a prominent Boston Congregational minister of the New North Church ( now St. Stephen 's in the North End ) .
Powers Hapgood ( 1899 - -1949 ) was an American trade union organizer and Socialist Party leader known for his involvement with the United Mine Workers in the 1920s .
William Maule McDowell Webster ( 3 January 1885 -- 20 April 1958 ) was an Australian unionist and station agent .
Jean - Claude Chambellan Duplessis ( 1699 -- 1774 ) , called Duplessis père to distinguish him from his son , Jean - Claude - Thomas Chambellan Duplessis ( c. 1730 -- 1783 ) , was a goldsmith , sculptor and ceramics modeller , bronze - founder and decorative designer working in the Rococo manner .
Ras Shorty I ( 6 October 1941 -- 12 July 2000 ) , born Garfield Blackman and also known as Lord Shorty , was a Trinidadian calypso and soca musician , known as the Father of Soca and The Love Man .
Fairlie Harmar , Viscountess Harberton ( 1876 - -1945 ) was an English painter .
Leonard Krieger ( 1918 - -1990 ) was an American historian who paid particular attention to Modern Europe , particularly being known as an author on Germany .
Sir John Heathcoat - Amory , 3rd Baronet ( 2 May 1894 -- 22 November 1972 ) was an English cricketer .
Charles Campbell Worthington , or C.C. Worthington , ( January 1854 -- October 1944 ) was an American industrialist whose efforts were in part responsible for the foundation of the Professional Golfers Association .
Exupérien Mas , F.S.C. ( 7 June 1829 -- 31 January 1905 ) , was a French member of the Brothers of the Christian Schools .
Jacob S. Rogers ( born c1824 , died 2 July 1901 aged 77y ) was an American businessman .
Morris Robinson , 3rd Baron Rokeby ( 14 July 1757 -- May 1829 ) , was a British politician .
Bill Lever ( 20 April 1904 -- 25 September 1986 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Hutchins Williams , 1st Baronet ( c. 1700 -- 4 November 1758 ) born in London , England , to William Peere Williams and Anne Hutchins .
Jan Pieter van Bredael the Younger or Jan Peeter van Bredael the Younger ( 27 July 1683 -- 1735 ) was a Flemish painter known for his cavalry battle scenes and landscapes with genre scenes of village festivals and fairs .
Frank Vosper ( 15 December 1899 , in London -- 6 March 1937 ) was a British actor and playwright .
Holger Peter Roed , known as Holger Roed ( 2 November 1846 - 20 February 1874 ) , Danish painter , was born in Copenhagen to painter Jørgen Roed and wife Emilie Mathilde .
Henry Fox , 1st Baron Holland , of Foxley , MP , PC ( 28 September 1705 -- 1 July 1774 in Holland House ) was a leading British politician of the 18th century .
Ignatia Broker ( 1919 - -1987 ) was an Ojibway writer and community leader from Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Vivienne Rae - Ellis , FRGS ( 23 July 1930 -- 29 March 2015 ) was an Australian writer , who also wrote under the pseudonym Antonia Bell .
Daniel Clement Colesworthy ( 14 July 1810 -- 1 April 1893 ) was an American printer , bookseller , and poet .
Fred Heintz ( 22 July 1913 -- 20 February 1942 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Naziha Salim ( Arabic : نزيهة سليم‎ , 1927 - -15 February 2008 ) was an Iraqi artist and painter , described by the country 's president , Jalal Talabani , as `` the first Iraqi woman who anchored the pillars of Iraqi contemporary art . Naziha Salim was born into a family of Iraqi artists living in Turkey .
Max Kalman ( 24 December 1884 , Russia - 14 June 1963 , Texas ) was a Jewish architect and attorney in Boston , Massachusetts in the early 1900s , most notable for designing the Vilna Shul synagogue on Beacon Hill , Boston in 1919 .
Istvan Rozanich ( 1912 - -1984 ) was a Hungarian poet and , while living in exile in Venezuela during the second half of his life , newspaper editor .
Charles L. Brainard ( 1903 - -1988 ) was active in preserving the papers of Dwight D. Eisenhower .
István Réti ( 26 December 1872 -- 17 January 1945 ) was a Hungarian painter , professor , art historian and leading member , as well as a founder and theoretician , of the Nagybánya artists ' colony , located in what is present - day Baia Mare , Romania .
Abdul Hamid Lahori ( died 1654 ) was a traveller and historian during the period of Shah Jahan who later became a court historian of Shah Jahan .
Georges Henein ( 1914 -- 1973 ) was an Egyptian surrealist author .
John Thornton Masser ( 24 June 1855 - 23 February 1929 ) was an organist and composer based in Nottingham .
Abdullah Pashë Dreni ( 1820 - -1878 ) was a 19th century Albanian tribal leader and military of the Ottoman Army .
Tora Teje ( 17 January 1893 -- 30 April 1970 ) was a Swedish theatre and silent film actress .
Richard Baty ( died 1758 ) , was a Scottish Anglican divine .
Florence Elsie Inman ( 5 December 1891 -- 31 May 1986 ) was a long serving member of the Canadian Senate .
Maghinardo Pagani ( or Pagano ) of Susinana ( died 1302 ) was an Italian condottiero and statesman living in the 13th-14th centuries .
Wareru was assassinated by his grandsons in January 1307 , and succeeded by his brother Hkun Law .
Agnes Busby ( 1800 -- 13 October 1889 ) was an early European settler in Australia and New Zealand married to James Busby , the first British Resident of New Zealand .
Elizabeth Herbert , Countess of Pembroke and Montgomery ( January / March 1737 -- 30 April 1831 ) was the daughter of Charles Spencer and Elizabeth Trevor .
Robert Hebert Quick ( 30 September 1831 -- 1891 ) was an English educator and writer on education .
Jonas Eliel Löfgren ( 15 March 1872 in Öjebyn -- 8 April 1940 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish jurist and Liberal Party politician .
Hendrik Frans Schaefels or Henri François Schaefels , also known as Rik Schaefels and Henri François Schaefels ( Antwerp , 2 December 1827 -- Antwerp , 9 June 1904 ) was a Belgian Romantic painter , draughtsman and engraver known for his seascapes , cityscapes , genre paintings , landscapes with figures and history paintings .
Adolph Wegrocki , M.D. ( November 29 , 1900 - September 1953 ) was an American Republican Party politician who served five terms in the New Jersey General Assembly .
Lashkarwarz along with his brother died in 958 .
Moses van Uyttenbroeck , or Moyses van Wtenbrouck ( c. 1600 - -1646 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and etcher .
Thomas Crew , 2nd Baron Crew ( 1624 -- 30 November 1697 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1679 when he inherited the peerage Baron Crew .
Dimitrie Serafim ( 1862 -- 1931 ) was a Romanian painter in the Academic and Impressionist styles .
Edward Cowey ( 9 April 1839 -- 16 December 1903 ) , often known as Ned Cowey , was a British trade unionist .
Terry Gill ( 25 October 1939 -- 25 February 2015 ) was an English Australian character actor , as well as theatre owner , producer , director and writer , he carved a nichè in Australian television playing police officers .
John Cecil Clavering OBE ( 17 April 1910 -- 6 October 2001 ) was an English architect , best known for his work designing Odeon Cinemas as part of Harry Weedon 's architectural practice in the 1930s , and his later work as the architect of the Public Record Office in Kew , London .
Louis Du Guernier ( 1677 - -1716 ) was an engraver .
Sam Thomson ( 14 February 1862 -- 23 December 1943 ) was a leading professional footballer of the 1880s and 1890s .
Dorina Neave , Lady Neave ( 1880 - -1955 ) was the author of three books about Turkey .
John Perkins Cushing ( April 22 , 1787 -- 1862 ) , called `` Ku - Shing '' by the Chinese , was a wealthy Boston sea merchant , opium smuggler , and philanthropist .
Jan Jacobsen ( 1588/89 -- 1622 ) was a Flemish naval commander and Dunkirker during the Eighty Years ' War .
Ralph Sheldon ( 1623 - -1684 ) was a Roman Catholic Royalist and an antiquary , who bequeathed his library of books and manuscripts to the College of Arms , the authority over heraldry and pedigree in England .
Zvi Lurie ( Hebrew : צבי לוריא‎ , 1 June , 1906 -- 21 May 1968 ) was a Jewish political figure in Mandate Palestine .
Jane M. Olson ( 6 December 1952 - 2 May 2004 ) was an American genetic epidemiologist and biostatistician , `` best known internationally for her contributions to advanced statistical methods in genetic epidemiology '' .
Joseph de Agulló y Pinos ( 16 - 1704 ) was a Catalan nobleman , Lord and Marquess of Gironella .
Hardy Wright ( 1893 - -1974 ) was a Scottish greyhound trainer .
Bishop William Walter Peele died 1 July 1959 and was buried in his wife 's family 's Lytch Cemetery in Laurinburg , North Carolina .
Gaspare Murtola ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈɡaspare ˈmurtola ) ; d. 1624 or 1625 ) was an Italian poet and writer of madrigals .
Hophnie Hobah Hines Johnson ( 13 July 1910 , Kingston , Jamaica -- 24 June 1987 , Miami , Florida , USA ) was a West Indian cricketer .
John D. Hunter ( 1968 -- 2012 ) was an American neurobiologist and the original author of matplotlib .
Auguste O'Kelly ( 13 July 1829 -- 16 February 1900 ) was a Franco - Irish music publisher in Paris between 1872 and 1888 .
Esther McCracken ( née Armstrong , 1902 - -1971 ) was a British actress and playwright .
Nicholas Hunsaker ( 7 August 1825 -- 12 September 1913 ) was sheriff of Contra Costa County , California , from 1851 to 1853 and from 1855 to 1857 and the 10th sheriff of San Diego County from 1875 to 1876 .
Henry Octave Cyril Vereecke ( 1906 - 04 - 04 - -2002 - 06 - 16 ) , better known as Harry Oakman , was an Australian horticulturalist and writer .
Abraham Lewysohn ( 6 December 1805 -- 14 February 1860 ) was a Hebraist and rabbi of Peiskretscham , Upper Silesia .
Thomas Prestwood ( c 1570 - 1655 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629 .
Sir Anthony Jackson ( 1599 - -1666 ) was an English lawyer , soldier , and knight in the seventeenth century .
Davit Bek ( Armenian : Դավիթ Բեկ ; died 1728 ) was an Armenian military commander and one of the most prominent military figures of the Armenian liberation movement of the 18th century directed against the forces of Ottoman Empire and Safavid Iran .
Arnold , Lord of IJsselstein ( also known as Arnoud , 1304 -- 12 February 1363 ) was the second Lord of IJsselstein and Stoutenburg and Schout of Amersfoort and the Eem Valley .
Rameshwari Nehru , born Rameshwari Raina ( 1886 - -1966 ) , was a very prominent social worker of India .
Adriano Zabarelli , also known as Andrea Palladino or il Palladino ( c. 1610 - -1680 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Altmann of Passau ( c. 1015 -- 8 August 1091 ) , often called Saint or Blessed Altmann , was a founder of monasteries and Bishop of Passau .
Gyula Alpári ( 19 January 1882 , Dunaföldvár -- 17 July 1944 , Sachsenhausen ) was a Hungarian Communist politician and propagandist , as well as a journalist by profession .
Leslie George Bull ( 7 August 1916 -- 29 March 1944 ) , known as Johnny , Les or Lester Bull , was a British Vickers Wellington bomber pilot who was taken prisoner during the Second World War .
Edward Lanzer Joseph or E. L. Joseph was a journalist and novelist in Trinidad ( born in England in 1792 or 1793 and died in Trinidad in 1838 ) who emigrated to Trinidad in 1817 .
Paloma Efron , also known as Blackie , ( born 6 December 1912 , died 3 September 1977 ) was an Argentine radio and television journalist and the country 's first professional jazz singer .
W. M. Kiplinger ( 1891 - 1967 ) was best known as the founder of Kiplinger , a publishing company located in Washington , D.C ..
Reverend Stephanus Jacobus du Toit ( 9 October 1847 -- 29 May 1911 ) was a controversial South African nationalist , theologian , journalist and failed politician .
Radhakanta Deb ( 1784 - 1867 ) was a scholar and a leader of the Calcutta conservative Hindu society , the adopted son and heir of Maharaja Nabakrishna Deb .
Saint Luigi Scrosoppi ( 4 August 1804 - 3 April 1884 ) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church who founded the Sisters of Providence of Saint Cajetan of Thiene .
Jerónimo de Azevedo ( 1540 -- Lisbon , 1625 ) was a Portuguese fidalgo , Governor of Portuguese Ceylon and Viceroy of Portuguese India .
Wayne B. Warrington , Sr . ( March 9 , 1923 - -1989 ) was born in Denver , Colorado and attended Glendale Community College ( California ) before beginning service in the United States Army Air Corps in 1942 .
Lady Margaret Sackville ( 24 December 1881 -- 18 April 1963 ) was an English poet and children 's author .
Koharik Gazarossian ( Goharik Lazarosian ) ( 21 December 1907 -- 29 October 1967 ) was an Armenian composer and pianist .
Eliot Hodgkin ( 19 June 1905 - -30 May 1987 ) was an English painter , born in Purley Lodge , Purley - on - Thames near Pangbourne , Berkshire .
Agamemnon Schliemann ( Greek : Αγαμέμνων Σλήμαν , 16 March 1878 - 1954 ) was the Greek ambassador to the United States in 1914 .
John Millar , Lord Craighill ( 1817 - 1888 ) was a Scottish lawyer and judge .
Renos Apostolidis ( Greek : Ρένος Αποστολίδης ) ( 2 March 1924 -- 10 March 2004 ) was a Greek writer , philologist and literary critic .
Paul - Marie Pons ( Born 24 June 1904 Longwy : died 24 October 1966 Paris ) was a French naval engineer who became a senior civil servant .
Thomas Hiscock ( 1812 - -1855 ) was an English blacksmith and prospector who settled in Australia in the 1840s .
King Sri Indraditya ( Thai : พ่อขุนศรีอินทราทิตย์ ; rtgs : Pho Khun Si Inthrathit ; ? -- 1270 ) ruled the Sukhothai Kingdom from the year 1238 to c. 1270 .
Sir Edward Osborne , 1st Baronet , of Kiveton ( bap . 12 December 1596 -- 9 September 1647 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1640 .
Farrokh Khan later died from a heart attack on 5 May 1871 , and was buried in Qom .
Censorius ( died 448 ) was a count ( comes ) of the Western Roman Empire from 432 until his death .
Hendrik Doeff ( 2 December 1764 -- 19 October 1837 ) was the Dutch commissioner in the Dejima trading post in Nagasaki , Japan , during the first years of the 19th century .
Tushar Makwana ( 2 February 1967 -- 12 February 2004 ) was an award winning British radio personality , killed in a hit - and - run incident during a botched robbery attempt at his home in Birmingham , England .
John Holms JP , DL ( 21 September 1830 -- 31 March 1891 ) , was a Scottish businessman and Liberal politician .
Adam Cusack ( c.1630 - -1681 ) was an Irish barrister and judge of the seventeenth century .
Thomas Weh Syen ( died August 1981 ) was a Liberian soldier and politician .
James of Jülich ( died 1392 ) was a Franciscan friar who , while falsely claiming to be a bishop , was sentenced by a tribunal of seven bishops to be boiled alive after it was discovered he had ordained a number of priests following his admittance as an auxiliary bishop by Floris van Wevelinkhoven , Bishop of Utrecht .
Ljubo Boban ( 10 May 1933 -- 9 October 1994 ) was a Yugoslav historian and academic .
Jerzy Ziętek ( 10 June 1901 in Gleiwitz -- 20 November 1985 in Katowice , Upper Silesia ) was a Polish politician and general .
Esther Handali ( died 1590 ) was an Ottoman jeweller and secretary and intermediary of Hürrem Sultan ( Roxelana ) .
Hermann Hummel ( 22 June 1876 -- 13 September 1952 ) was a German chemist and politician in the Republic of Baden .
Michael J Moran ( ca . 1794 -- 3 April 1846 ) , popularly known as Zozimus , was an Irish street rhymer .
Brownlow Cecil , 8th Earl of Exeter ( 4 August 1701 -- 3 November 1754 ) , known as the Honourable Brownlow Cecil from 1701 to 1722 , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Wolfgang Jünger ( c. 1517 -- 4 March 1564 ) was Thomaskantor from 1536 to 1539 .
Abel Cathrine ( 1626 - 1676 ) was a Danish courtier and philanthropist .
Dr. Herbert Michaelis ( 3 September 1898 -- 14 June 1939 ) was a German lawyer and Communist and a member of the German Resistance during the Third Reich .
Herbert Ernest Cushman ( 1865 - 1944 ) A.M. , Ph.D. , was a professor of philosophy at Tufts College who wrote A Beginner 's History of Philosophy and translated Wilhelm Windelband 's History Of Ancient Philosophy into English .
David Boswell Reid ( 1805 -- 5 April 1863 ) was a Scottish physician , chemist and inventor .
Daniël Seghers or Daniel Seghers ( 3 December 1590 -- 2 November 1661 ) was a Flemish Jesuit brother and painter who specialized in flower still lifes .
Blessed William Pike ( died 22 December 1591 ) was an English Roman Catholic martyr who was beatified in 1987 .
Joël Scherk ( French : ( jɔɛl ʃɛʁk ) ; 1946 -- 16 May 1980 ) , often cited as Joel Scherk , was a French theoretical physicist who studied string theory and supergravity .
Muqarram Khan ( reigned : 1626 - -1627 ) was the Subahdar of Bengal during the reign of emperor Jahangir .
Sir Louis Odumegwu Ojukwu , KBE , ( 1901 - 1966 ) was a Nigerian businessman from Ojukwus family of Nwakanwa quarters obiuno umudim Nnewi .
Robert Stanton Ellis CB ( also pronounced as Staunton ) ( 1825 - -1877 ) was a British civil servant of the Indian civil service who served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council .
Henry Musgrave Blaiklock ( 26 April 1790 -- 9 October 1843 ) was an English architect and civil engineer who came to Canada with extended family in the 1820s to pursue his career .
Dina Koston ( b. 1929 ? , d. 2009 , Washington , D.C. ) was an American pianist , music educator and composer .
James Richard Ham ( July 11 , 1921 -- December 20 . 2002 ) was a Roman Catholic Titular Bishop of Putia in Numidia and Auxiliary Bishop of Saint Paul and Minneapolis in Minnesota .
Margaret McCoubrey ( 1880 - -1955 ) was an Irish suffragist and active participant of the co - operative movement .
Florence Waren ( 1917 - 2011 ) , born Sadie Rigal , was a South African dancer who performed at the Bal Tabarin .
Ronald Mansbridge ( 11 November 1905 -- 1 September 2006 ) was a publisher , author and wit .
Mama Sana ( 1900 - -1997 ) was a Tandroy singer and performer of traditional airs on the valiha tube zither , the national instrument of Madagascar .
Gilbert Browning ( October 19 , 1821 -- 1882 ) was a Scottish - born merchant in Newfoundland .
Zheng Kezang ( 1662 - 1681 ) , birth name Qin ( 欽 ) or Qinshe ( 欽舍 ) , was the crown prince and regency of Kingdom of Tungning .
Milan Dufek ( 6 May 1944 -- 17 November 2005 , in San Andrés , Colombia ) was a Czech singer , composer , guitarist and flautist and one of the founding members of the Czech pop folk band The Rangers .
Humphrey Toy ( 1537 -- 16 October 1577 ) was a British bookseller and publisher , and the son of bookseller Robert Toy .
Asen Panchev ( Bulgarian : Асен Панчев ) ( 1 October 1906 - 17 December 1989 ) was а Bulgarian footballer .
Maurice Blitz ( 28 July 1891 -- 2 February 1975 ) was a Belgian Olympic water polo player during the 1920s .
Charles Benazech ( 1767/68 -- 1794 ) was an English portrait and historical painter , and aquatint engraver .
Aspasius ( /æˈspeɪʒiəs , æˈspeɪziəs , æˈspeɪʒəs/ ; Greek : Ἀσπάσιος ; c. 80 -- c. 150 AD ) was a Peripatetic philosopher .
Fiske Goodeve Fiske - Harrison ( 2 September 1793 -- 1872 ) of Copford Hall , Lord of the Manor of Copford was High Sheriff of Essex .
Ponchai Wilkerson ( 15 July 1971 -- 14 March 2000 ) ( also Ponchai Kamau , Kamau Wilkerson , Ponchai `` Kamau '' Wilkerson ) was a convicted murderer executed by lethal injection by the U.S. state of Texas .
Ravindra Jain ( 28 February 1944 -- 9 October 2015 ) was an Indian music composer and lyricist .
Leonard Matheson Norris , better known as Len Norris ( 1913 in London , England -- 1997 in Langley , British Columbia , Canada ) , was a longtime editorial cartoonist for the Canadian newspaper Vancouver Sun from 1950 to 1988 .
Eilika of Schweinfurt ( c. 1005 -- 10 Dec aft . 1059 ) came from a Bavarian noble family .
Sister Dora ( born Dorothy Wyndlow Pattison , 16 January 1832 , Hauxwell , Yorkshire - 24 December 1878 ) was a 19th - century Anglican nun and a nurse in Walsall , West Midlands .
Charles Smart Evans ( 1778 -- 4 January 1849 ) was an English vocalist and composer .
Justus Sustermans ( 28 September 1597 -- 23 April 1681 ) also known as Giusto Sustermans , was a Flemish painter working in the Baroque style .
Jayavarman VI ( Khmer : ជ័យវរ្ម័នទី៦ ) was king of the Khmer Empire from about 1080 to 1107 AD .
Alice Marian Robertson Wilson ( 1926 -- April 8 , 2013 ) was an accomplished cellist , linguist and teacher .
Al - Murtada Muhammad ( 891 ? - 1 May 922 ) was the second imam of the Zaidi state of Yemen , who ruled from 911 to 912 and was a respected religious scholar .
Jules - Joseph - Taschereau Frémont ( 20 December 1855 -- 28 March 1902 ) was a Canadian politician , author , lawyer and professor .
Rudolf Bahro died in Berlin on 5 December 1997 and was buried at the Dorotheenstadt cemetery in Berlin .
Henry Sherburne ( March 28 , 1611 -- 1680 ) of Portsmouth , New Hampshire , landed there June 12 , 1632 from London , a pioneer who rose to considerable wealth in pre - independence colonial New Hampshire .
Claude de Bermen de la Martinière ( 30 May 1636 -- 14 April 1719 ) was born in France and came to New France in 1662 .
Celso Sozzini ( 1517 - -1570 ) was an Italian freethinker , brother of Alessandro ( father of Fausto ) , Lelio , Cornelio , Dario , and Camillo .
Garret Morphy ( Irish : Morphey ) ( c. 1650 -- 1716 ) was an Irish painter .
Irakli Gamrekeli ( Georgian : ირაკლი გამრეკელი ; 5 May 1894 -- 10 May 1943 ) was a Georgian set designer and one of the founders of Georgian avant - garde stage design .
Francis Goold Morony Stoney ( 5 April 1837 - 7 August 1897 ) was a Victorian era Irish engineer , noted for his work on sluice design .
Jeremy Rees ( 8 May 1937 -- 12 December 2003 ) was a British arts administrator .
Alexander C. Stuart ( 1831 - -1898 ) was a British - born American painter , specializing in naval scenes .
Richard Lovelace , 1st Baron Lovelace ( 1564 -- 22 April 1634 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1622 .
Ğayaz İsxaqıy aka Ayaz İshaki ( Tatar Cyrillic : Гаяз Исхакый , Latin : Ğayaz İsxaqıy , Russian : Гаяз Исхаки , Gayaz Iskhaki ) ( 10 February 1878 -- 22 July 1954 ) was a leading figure of the Tatar national movement , author , journalist , publisher and politician .
Sir Eric Barrington KCB ( 5 June 1847 -- 24 February 1918 ) was a British civil servant who was principal private secretary to three Foreign Secretaries .
William McCune ( December 1953 -- May 2011 ) was an American computer scientist and logician working in the fields of Automated reasoning , Algebra , Logic , and Formal Methods .
Donald Baverstock ( 18 January 1924 -- 17 March 1995 ) was a British television producer and executive , born in Cardiff , Wales .
Prokop František Šedivý ( July 4 , 1764 -- c. 1810 ) was a significant Czech playwright , actor , and translator of the National Revival era .
Isabella Harwood or Ross Neil ( 14 June 1837 -- 29 May 1888 ) was a British novelist who also wrote dramas in verse .
Gustav Mahler ( 7 July 1860 -- 18 May 1911 ) was an Austrian late - Romantic composer , and one of the leading conductors of his generation .
Tone Žnidaršič ( 5 November 1923 -- 9 April 2007 ) was a Slovene painter and sculptor who also illustrated children 's books and textbooks .
William Charles Heaton - Armstrong ( 1 September 1853 - 20 July 1917 ) was a British Liberal Party politician , merchant and banker .
Roberto Dabbene ( 1864 - -1938 ) was an Italian - Argentine ornithologist .
Robert Kelham ( 1717 - -1808 ) was an English attorney and legal antiquary .
Taklung Tsetrul Rinpoche ( 1926 -- 23 December 2015 ) was a Tibetan lama and the Supreme Head of the Nyingma School of Tibetan Buddhism .
Williston Walker , D.D. , L.H.D. , Ph.D. ( 1860 -- 1922 ) was an American Church historian , born at Portland , Me .
Norman Jewson ( 12 February 1884 -- 28 August 1975 ) was an English architect - craftsman of the Arts and Crafts movement , who practiced in the Cotswolds .
Manuel Gómez Pedraza ( 22 April 1789 -- 14 May 1851 ) was a Mexican general and president of his country from 1832 to 1833 .
Alva Beaman ( May 22 , 1775 -- November 1837 ) was an early associate of Joseph Smith and a member of the Latter Day Saint movement .
Paul Émile Berthon ( 1872 - -1909 ) was a French artist who produced primarily posters and lithographs .
Henry I , Count of Vianden and Marquis of Namur jure uxoris , born c. 1190/1210 ( probably the earlier date ) , dead 1252 .
Sir Andries Stockenström , 1st Baronet , ( 6 July 1792 in Cape Town -- 16 March 1864 in London ) was lieutenant governor of British Kaffraria from 13 September 1836 to 9 August 1838 .
Łazarz Andrysowicz ( died 1577 ) was a Polish Renaissance printer , founder of the Oficyna Łazarzowa .
Anna Kamieńska - Łapińska ( Rowiny , Drohiczyn Poleski County , 26 July 1932 -- 29 June 2007 , Warsaw ) was a Polish sculptor and animated - film scenarist .
Alfred Roberts ( 18 April 1892 -- 10 February 1970 ) was an English grocer , lay preacher , and politician .
Adolphe Tonduz ( 1862 - 1921 ) was a Swiss botanist who collected plants in both Guatemala and Costa Rica .
Tshudpud Namgyal ( Sikkimese : གཅུག་ཕུད་རྣམ་རྒྱལ་ ; Wylie : gtsug phud rnam rgyal ) ( 1785 - -1863 ) was king of Sikkim from 1793 - -1863 .
Alf Oldham ( 16 October 1899 -- 26 September 1972 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Roy Brien ( 11 November 1930 -- 27 January 1987 ) was an English footballer who played one game for Port Vale in the Football League on 17 April 1954 .
Helming Leget ( died 1412 ) , of Tottenham , Middlesex and Black Notley , Essex , was an English politician .
Jacinto Barrasa ( or Barraza ) ( born at Lima , Peru , early in the seventeenth century ; died there , 22 November 1704 ) was a Peruvian Jesuit preacher and historian .
John Alan Burns , 4th Baron Inverclyde , KStJ ( 12 December 1897 -- 17 June 1957 ) was a Scottish nobleman , the son of James , 3rd Lord Inverclyde and Charlotte Mary Emily née Nugent - Dunbar .
Richard Crosbie ( 1755 - 1824 ) was the first Irishman to make a manned flight .
Tommy McCook ( 3 March 1927 -- 5 May 1998 ) was a Jamaican saxophonist .
Louis Rosenhead ( 1 January 1906 -- 10 November 1984 ) was a British mathematician noted for his work on Fluid mechanics who was Head of Department at Liverpool University from 1933 to 1973 .
Albert Sturgess ( 21 October 1882 -- 16 July 1957 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Norwich City , Sheffield United and Stoke he also played for the England national team .
Dr. Seymour C.Y. Cheng ( 1902 - 1954 ) was an American diplomat of Chinese heritage .
Alex Seidel ( 4 July 1909 -- 24 October 1989 ) was a German weapons manufacturer and the co - founder of Heckler & Koch along with Theodor Koch and Edmund Heckler .
Garrett Howard ( 10 December 1899 -- 20 January 1995 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing - back for the Limerick , Dublin and Tipperary senior teams .
John Anthony Galignani ( 1796 - -1873 ) , and William ( 1798 - -1882 ) , publishers of Paris , were the sons of Giovanni Antonio Galignani ( 1757 - -1821 ) , by Anne Parsons ( 1776 - -1822 ) .
Otto , Count of Ballenstedt , called Otto the Rich ( c. 1070 -- 9 February 1123 ) , was the first Ascanian prince to call himself count of Anhalt , and was also briefly named duke of Saxony .
Mario Raggi ( 1821 - -1907 ) was an Italian sculptor who settled in England .
Brigadier - General Sir Berkeley Vincent , KBE CB CMG ( 4 December 1871 -- 29 January 1963 ) was a British army officer and sportsman .
Stoyan Stoyanov ( 12 March 1913 -- 1994 ) was the highest scoring Bulgarian fighter ace of the Royal Bulgarian Air Force in World War II with 14 victories .
Daniel Alexander Williamson ( 1823 - -1903 ) was a British artist , part of a group of Liverpool painters who were influenced by the Pre - Raphaelite style .
Charlotte Guillard ( died 1557 ) was the first woman printer of importance .
Rudolph Beyer ( October 30 , 1889 -- February 1970 ) was an American bookkeeper , chemical and surgical glassblower and Socialist politician from Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Archibald Kennedy , 3rd Marquess of Ailsa ( 1 September 1847 -- 9 April 1938 ) was a Scottish peer , the eldest son of Archibald Kennedy , 2nd Marquess of Ailsa .
Chob Yodkaew ( died 1 May 2013 ) was a Thai economist and politician appointed Senator for the Southern region .
Paolo Schiavo , the pseudonym of Paolo di Stefano Badaloni ( 1397 - 1478 ) was a Florentine painter .
Richard Annesley , 6th Earl of Anglesey ( c. 1693 -- 14 February 1761 ) , known as The Lord Altham between 1727 and 1737 , was an Irish peer and governor of Wexford .
Bryan Robertson OBE ( 1 April 1925 -- 18 November 2002 ) was an English curator and arts manager described by Studio International as `` the greatest Director the Tate Gallery never had '' .
Hans Frankenthal ( July 15 , 1926 -- December 22 , 1999 ) was a German Jew who was deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp in occupied Poland in 1943 .
Carl Degenkolb ( 1796 - 1862 ) was a German industrialist , who is generally understood to have pioneered the first codetermination plans in his factories , as well as participating in drafting the first codetermination law during the failed 1848 Revolutions .
Henry Wickham Wickham ( 1800 -- 23 September 1867 ) was British Conservative party politician .
Count Karl Wilhelm von Toll ( Russian : Карл Вильгельм Фёдорович Толль ; 9 April 1777 , Keskvere , Governorate of Estonia - 5 May 1842 ) was a Baltic German aristocrat and Russian subject who served in the Imperial Russian Army in the campaigns against the Napoleonic Army .
Adeline Oppenheim Guimard ( 1872 -- 1960 ) was an American painter noted for her portraits in gouache and colored crayons .
Arnold Armitage ( 1899 - -1991 ) was a British - born artist and illustrator , best known for his work with pin - up art . He moved to the United States around 1925 and settled in Hollywood , California , working for the Foster and Kleiser Company , which produced billboards .
Alfred Oscar Elzner ( 1862 - -1933 ) was a prominent American architect in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Bungaree , or Boongaree , ( 1775 -- 24 November 1830 ) was an Aboriginal Australian from the Broken Bay area , who was known as an explorer , entertainer , and Aboriginal community leader .
Thomas Dudley ( 12 October 1576 -- 31 July 1653 ) was a colonial magistrate who served several terms as governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
Lucas Sithole ( 1931 - 1994 ) was a South African sculptor best known for his work in mainly indigenous woods , as well as for his sculptures in bronze , stone and other media .
Yvonne McKague Housser ( 1898 - -1996 ) , Canadian painter and teacher .
Edward Pritchard Martin ( 20 January 1844 Dowlais - 25 September 1910 Harrogate ) was a British engineer , and steel maker .
Frank Raubicheck ( 1857 - -1952 ) was an American painter and etcher who arrived in the United States from Bohemia in the 1870s .
Thomas Arnold Harvey ( known as Arnold ; born 17 April 1878 in Marsh 's Library , Dublin , Ireland ; died 25 December 1966 in Dublin ) was an Irish cricketer and Rugby Union player .
Olav Sandvik ( 2 November 1925 -- 16 February 2010 ) was a Norwegian veterinarian and civil servant .
The Honourable William Cust ( 23 January 1787 -- 3 March 1845 ) , was a British barrister and Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Marie Louise Habets ( January 1905-May 1986 ) was a Belgian nurse and former religious sister whose life was fictionalised as Sister Luke ( Gabrielle van der Mal ) in The Nun 's Story , a bestselling 1956 book by American author Kathryn Hulme .
Frank Coulton ( February 1862 -- 1929 ) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Aston Villa .
John Romney ( June 1785 -- 1 February 1863 ) was an English artist in printmaking and watercolour who lived and worked in London and Chester .
Gheorghe Apostoleanu ( 1832 - 1895 ) was a Romanian politician and jurist who served as the acting Minister of Justice from March 30 , 1860 until April 30 , 1860 .
Mary Knight Wood Mason ( 17 April 1857 -- 20 December 1944 ) was an American pianist , music educator and composer .
Geneviève Behrend ( 1881 in Paris -- 1960 in United States ) was a French - born author and teacher of Mental Science , a New Thought discipline created by Thomas Troward .
Henry Hampton ( 8 January 1940 -- 22 November 1998 ) was an American filmmaker .
Peter Füri ( 9 October 1937 -- 11 May 2015 ) was a Swiss football player and manager , who played during the 1950s and 1960s .
Delia Murphy Kiernan ( 16 February 1902 -- 11 February 1971 ) was a singer and collector of Irish ballads .
Mona Vasquez ( 1960 -- 2 September 2011 ) was a former Scientologist who was active in Scientology 's headquarters in Europe , in Copenhagen , in the 1980s .
Carl Heinrich Schnauffer ( 4 July 1823 Heimsheim - 4 September 1854 Baltimore , Maryland ) was a poet , soldier and editor .
Rosina Ferrara ( 1861 - -1934 ) was an Italian girl from the island of Capri , who became the favorite muse of American expatriate artist John Singer Sargent .
John William Beatty ( 1869 - -1941 ) was a Canadian painter who was a forerunner in the movement which became the Group of Seven in 1920 .
The Reverend William Lubbock MA BD ( Cantab ) ( baptized North Walsham , Norfolk , 17 January 1701 , died North Walsham 20 April 1754 ) was an English divine , Fellow of Caius College , Cambridge , and Church of England clergyman .
Maryon Lane ( 15 February 1931 -- 13 June 2008 ) was a South African ballet dancer who became well known in England as a ballerina of the Sadler 's Wells Theatre Ballet and as a soloist with the Royal Ballet .
Francis Annesley , 1st Earl Annesley ( 27 November 1740 - 19 December 1802 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and peer .
Wilhelm Grube ( Chinese : 葛祿博 ; pinyin : Gé Lùbó ) ( 17 August 1855 -- 2 July 1908 ) was a German sinologist and ethnographer .
General José Ignacio de Gorriti ( 1770 -- 9 November 1835 ) was an Argentine statesman , soldier and lawyer .
Mary Boomer Page ( ? - December 3 , 1927 ) of Chicago , Illinois was director of the Gertrude House settlement and president of the Kindergarten Literature Company .
Ettore Tavernari ( 6 January 1905 - 1981 ) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres and 800 metres .
Robert Baudin ( 1918 - -1983 ) was a counterfeiter , conman and aerial photographer .
Tama Kurokawa , Lady Arnold ( 1869 - 1962 ) was the third wife of Sir Edwin Arnold .
Maureen Mollie Hunter McIlwraith , more commonly known as Mollie Hunter ( 30 June 1922 -- 31 July 2012 ) was a Scottish writer .
Cristóvão da Costa or Cristóbal Acosta and Latinized as Christophorus Acosta Africanus ( c. 1525 -- c. 1594 ) was a Portuguese doctor and natural historian .
Vicente Acero y Arebo ( c. 1675/1680 -- 1739 ) was a Spanish Baroque architect whose contributed significantly to the design and construction of the cathedrals of Granada , Guadix , Cádiz , and Málaga .
Wu Mingche ( 吳明徹 ) ( 512 - -578 ) , courtesy name Tongzhao ( 通昭 ) , was a general of the Chinese dynasty Chen Dynasty .
Kadri Gjata ( 1865 - -1912 ) was an Albanian patriot , writer and educator .
Margaret Bernadine Hall ( 1863 -- 2 January 1910 ) was an English painter who spent most of her career in Paris .
Mervyn Burtch MBE ( 7 November 1929 -- 12 May 2015 ) was a Welsh composer , best known for his work with children 's music projects .
Friedrich - Erdmann von Hake ( 14 August 1898 -- 22 March 1982 ) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the 13 .
Pola Weiss Álvarez ( born , died Mexico City ; 1947- 1990 ) was a Mexican independent television producer , scholar , and video and performance artist known as a pioneer in video art in Latin America .
William Brockie ( 1811 - -1890 ) was a 19th - century Scottish born writer , newspaper editor , poet and songwriter who lived for many years in Sunderland .
Frank Harris Patterson ( 1890 -- 1976 ) was a Nova Scotian lawyer , jurist and historian .
Duke Ligong of Qin ( Chinese : 秦厲共公 ; pinyin : Qín Lìgòng Gōng , died 443 BC ) was from 476 to 443 BC the 22nd ruler of the Zhou Dynasty Chinese state of Qin that eventually united China to become the Qin Dynasty .
Carel Hendrik Bartels ( 29 September 1792 -- 10 February 1850 ) was the wealthiest and most important mulatto trader and businessman on the Dutch Gold Coast in the second quarter of the nineteenth century .
Charles Guillaume Alexandre Bourgeois ( 16 December 1759 -- 7 May 1832 ) was a French physicist and painter .
Doloris Bridges ( ca . 1916 -- January 16 , 1969 ) , widow of 25-year U.S. Senator H. Styles Bridges , was the first woman to seek election to the U.S. Senate from New Hampshire .
Zacarías Yanzi ( February 1801 - August 1888 ) was an Argentine soldier and politician who participated in the war of independence and served briefly as Governor of San Juan Province .
General Sir John Murray , 8th Baronet , GCH ( c.1768 -- 15 October 1827 ) led a brigade under Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington in the Peninsular War .
Russell Lant Carpenter ( December 17 , 1816 -- 1892 ) , a Unitarian minister who carried on the works of his father , Dr. Lant Carpenter and wrote his biography .
Frederick Whittaker Dixon ( 1854 - -1935 ) was an architect practising in Oldham , Lancashire .
Mark Colton ( 17 March 1961 -- 5 August 1995 ) was a British racing driver and software author .
Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds ( 10 November 1942 -- 4 January 2016 ) was a Latvian computer scientist and mathematician .
Paulus van de Perre ( Middelburg ? , 1598 ? -- London , 14 December 1653 ) was a Dutch politician and diplomat .
Thomas Weaver ( 1773 - -1855 ) was an English mining engineer and geologist .
Jacob van Reesbroeck or Jacob van Rysbroeck ( c. 6 December 1620 -- 27 February 1704 ) was a Flemish portrait painter and engraver from Antwerp whose patrons included prominent local families as well as foreign aristocrats and monarchs .
Lieutenant Colonel Mahmood Khan Durrani , GC ( 1914 - -1995 ) was a South Asian recipient of the George Cross , awarded for acts of the greatest heroism or of the most conspicuous courage in circumstances of extreme danger .
Emil Fick ( 18 July 1863 -- 20 February 1930 ) was Swedish fencer .
Vuko Vukadinović ( Serbian : Вуко Вукадиновић ) ( 11 August 1937 -- 3 November 1993 ) was a member of the League of Communists of Montenegro and the President of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro from 1986 - -1989 .
Benedetto Justiniani ( 1550 -- 19 December 1622 ) was a Jesuit theologian and Biblical writer from Genoa , in what is today Italy .
Alfred Newman Gilbey ( 1901 - -1998 ) was a British Roman Catholic priest and monsignor .
Ælfwaru ( died 27 February 1007 ) was an Anglo - Saxon noblewoman , who bequeathed her lands to churches such as Ely , and Ramsey .
Zlatomir Obradov ( 25 January 1941 -- 24 April 2013 ) was a Croatian footballer during the 60s of the 20th century and later coach .
Peter Gladstone ( 16 October 1928 -- 25 July 2000 ) was a British naturalist and wildfowl expert .
Joseph Henry Chesterton ( c.1840 -- 26 January 1883 ) was a plant collector who was sent by James Veitch & Sons to search for orchids in South America with much success .
Alexander Bedward ( born 1848 in St. Andrew , a rural parish north of Kingston , Jamaica - died 1930 ) was the founder of Bedwardism .
Ibtihal Salem ( 1949 -- 15 August 2015 ) was an Egyptian short story writer , novelist and translator .
George Michael Singleton CBE MC ( 12 May 1913 - -11 December 2002 ) was an English cricketer who played three first - class games , appearing once for Cambridge University and twice for Worcestershire .
John Troutbeck ( 12 November 1832 , Blencowe , Cumberland -- 11 October 1899 , London ) was a Minor Canon of Westminster Abbey and Chaplain in Ordinary to Queen Victoria whose renown rests on his translation of various continental choral texts including the major works of Bach .
Maurice Vidal Portman ( 21 March 1860 in London , Ontario , Canada - 14 February 1935 in Axbridge , Somerset , UK ) was a British naval officer , who is best known for his documentation and pacification of several Andamanese tribes between 1879 and 1901 .
John Giles Eccardt ( 1720 - -1779 ) was a German - born British portrait painter .
J. A. François Héraly ( 1856 -- between 20 and 22 July 1920 ) was a Canadian clarinetist , bandmaster , and music educator of Belgian birth .
Mohamed Sibari ( 1945 -- 28 November 2013 ) was a Moroccan poet , novelist and translator .
William Jowett ( 1787 -- 20 February 1855 ) was a missionary and author , in 1813 becoming the first Anglican clergyman to volunteer for the overseas service of the Church Missionary Society .
Lawrence Alexander Sidney Johnson , ( 26 June 1925 -- 1 August 1997 ) known as Lawrie Johnson , was an Australian taxonomic botanist .
Annette Worsley - Taylor MBE ( 2 July 1944 -- 24 August 2015 ) founded London Fashion Week .
Johann Karl Simon Morgenstern ( 28 August ( O.S. 17 August ) 1770 -- 15 September ( O.S. 3 September ) 1852 ) was a German philologist in Livonia , the first director of the library of the Imperial University of Dorpat .
Yeung Hok - ling ( 楊鶴齡 ) ( 1868 - 29 August 1934 ) , courtesy name Lai - ha ( 禮遐 ) , was a Chinese revolutionary from Cuiheng Village , Heungshan , Kwangtung .
Joseph Beaulieu ( 21 May 1895 -- 1 October 1965 ) was a Canadian composer , folklorist , and music educator .
Richard le Scrope , 1st Baron Scrope of Bolton ( c. 1327 -- 1403 ) was an English soldier and courtier , serving Richard II of England .
Vasile Zavoda , known as Zavoda II or Tigrul Akbar ( 26 July 1929 -- 14 July 2014 ) , was a Romanian football player .
Lawrence York Spear ( 23 October 1870 - -9 September 1950 ) was an American naval officer and businessman who spent the majority of his career working for the Electric Boat Company .
Eldred Pottinger ( 12 August 1811 -- 15 November 1843 ) was an Anglo - Indian army officer and diplomat .
Bruce Charles Savage ( 30 July 1906 -- 4 February 1993 ) was the United States Public Housing Administration Commissioner under President Dwight D. Eisenhower , serving from 1960 to 1961 .
Charles Eric Corbett ( 6 October 1917 - 6 April 2002 ) was a clergyman in the Church of England , who was Archdeacon of Liverpool from 1970 to 1979 .
Qamar Jalalabadi , also known as Qamar Jalabadi ( 1919 -- 9 January 2003 ) , was an Indian poet and lyricist of songs of Hindi movies .
Klauss Vianna ( Belo Horizonte , 1928 -- São Paulo , 1992 ) was a Brazilian dancer , choreographer and theater director .
Louisa Bassano ( 19 February 1818 -- 20 August 1908 ) was an English opera singer .
Hans Schaffner ( 16 December 1908 in Interlaken -- 26 November 2004 ) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1961 - -1970 ) .
Ellis Price or Prys ( by 1514 - 8 October 1594 ) was a Welsh administrator and MP .
Princess Li Jingshou ( 李敬受 ) ( died 437 ? ) was a princess of the Chinese / Xiongnu state Northern Liang .
Craig Luebben ( 20 March 1960 -- 9 August 2009 ) was an American rock climber and author .
Colonel Peter Beckford ( 1643 - -1710 ) was acting Governor of Jamaica in 1702 .
George Linnaeus Banks ( 2 March 1821 -- 3 May 1881 ) , husband of author Isabella Banks , was a British journalist , editor , poet , playwright , amateur actor , orator , and Methodist .
Frank Chapple , Baron Chapple of Hoxton ( 8 August 1921 -- 19 October 2004 ) was general secretary of the Electrical , Electronic , Telecommunications and Plumbing Union ( EETPU ) , a leading British trade union .
Antonio Aguilar Barraza ( 17 May 1919 -- 19 June 2007 ) was a Mexican singer , songwriter , film actor , film producer , and screenwriter .
Raja Rajeswara Sethupathi ( Tamil : ராஜ ராஜேஸ்வர சேதுபதி ) or Muthuramalinga Sethupathy ( 3 June 1889 - 1929 ) was the Raja of Ramnad from 1903 to 1929 .
Richard Capel ( 1586 - -1656 ) was an English nonconforming clergyman of Calvinist views , a member of the Westminster Assembly , and for a period of his life a practicing physician .
Nicolas Chevalier , Baron de Grissé ( 1562 - -1630 ) was first president of the Cour des aides in Paris from 20 April 1610 , as well as Councillor of State , superintendent of Navarre and Béarn , and twice ambassador to England .
William Jardine Gresson ( 1869 -- 10 January 1934 ) was a British merchant and politician in Hong Kong and China .
Tomm Murstad ( 2 July 1915 -- 19 January 2001 ) was a Norwegian skier , coach and businessperson .
Charles Gosse ( 26 December 1849 -- 1 July 1885 ) was a surgeon in the early days of the colony of South Australia .
David Ablett ( 4 February 1941 -- 24 July 2010 ) was a Canadian journalist and editor for The Vancouver Sun , the Toronto Star , and other media .
Pawnee Bill ( February 14 , 1860 -- February 3 , 1942 ) , born Gordon William Lillie , was an American showman and performer who specialized in Wild West shows and was known for his short partnership with Buffalo Bill .
Pandit Madhusudan Gupta ( Bengali : মধুসূদন গুপ্ত ) ( 1800 -- 15 November 1856 ) was an Indian doctor and the first Indian trained in Western medicine to dissect a human corpse .
Simon Tortell ( 8 August 1959 -- 15 June 2012 ) was a Maltese footballer .
Sir Richard Kennedy , 2nd Baronet , of Newtownmountkennedy ( c.1615 - 1685 ) was an Irish politician , landowner and judge who held the office of Baron of the Court of Exchequer ( Ireland ) .
Murdo Macfarlane ( 15 Feb 1901 - 1982 ) ( Gaelic : Murchadh MacPhàrlain ) known as ' Bàrd Mhealboist ' ( the Melbost Bard ) he was a published poet and campaigner for Scottish Gaelic , especially during the 1970s , when the ceartas movement was gaining strength .
Eduard Locher ( 15 January 1840 in Zurich -- 2 June 1910 in Zurich ) was a Swiss engineer , inventor and independent contractor who received a doctorate honoris causa for his work .
Sir Edward Herbert Bunbury , 9th Baronet ( 8 July 1811 -- 5 March 1895 ) , known as Edward Bunbury until 1886 , was a British Liberal Party politician .
Sigeberht the Little was king of Essex from 617 to 653 .
Jim Fargie ( 30 October 1886 -- 18 June 1960 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Alessandro Molinari ( 1898 -- 1962 ) was the first General Director of ISTAT , which was then known as the National Institute of Technology , in Fascist Italy .
Bogdan Gavrilović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Богдан Гавриловић ) ( 1864 - -1947 ) was a Serbian mathematician , physicist , philosopher , and educator .
Raoul Gradis ( 15 June 1861 -- 18 June 1943 ) was a French painter , composer and shipowner .
Vojo Dimitrijević ( Sarajevo 20 May 1910 - 12 August 1980 , Sarajevo ) was one of the most notable Yugoslav painters .
Lord Charles Spencer PC ( 31 March 1740 -- 16 June 1820 ) was a British politician and courtier from the Spencer family .
Myrtle Solomon ( 9 June 1921 -- 22 April 1987 ) was an active pacifist .
Jean Salmon Macrin ( 1490 -- 20 October 1557 ) was a Neo - Latin poet of French nationality .
Richard Malone , 1st Baron Sunderlin ( c.1738 -- 14 April 1816 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and peer .
Edgar Stanton Davidson ( May 17 , 1897 to November 1 , 1984 ) was born in Wellsville , Ohio which is in Yellow Creek Township , Columbiana County , Ohio .
Denis Robert Pack - Beresford OBE ( 1864 - -1942 ) was an Irish entomologist and arachnologist .
Edward Waterson ( ? ? -- 7 January 1594 ( NS ) ) was an English Catholic priest and martyr .
Theophilus Dillingham ( 1613 - -1678 ) was an English churchman and academic , Master of Clare Hall , Cambridge and Archdeacon of Bedford .
Rev John Sutherland Black FRSE LLD ( 1846 - -1923 ) was a Scottish biblical scholar and contributor to the Encyclopedia Britannica and Dictionary of National Biography .
Gottfried Ephraim Scheibel ( 1696 - -1759 ) was a German theologian and writer about music .
George C. Griffin ( 1897 - -1990 ) served in various positions at his alma mater , the Georgia Institute of Technology , most notably as Dean of Men from 1946 to 1964 .
The Rev. Joseph Jackson Fuller ( 1825 - -1908 ) , Baptist missionary to the pre - colonial African Chiefdoms of the Cameroons , was one of the earliest slaves to be freed in Jamaica ( initially under the partial freedoms of the `` apprenticeship act '' ) who went on to become well - educated and travel internationally .
Hans Bull Brodtkorb Mohr ( 26 September 1886 -- 29 January 1973 ) was a Norwegian educator and international cooperation activist .
Theodorus Willem van Lidth de Jeude ( 1 February 1853 -- 29 May 1937 ) was a Dutch zoologist and herpetologist .
Joseph Ndandarika ( c. 1941 -- May 1991 ) was a Zimbabwean sculptor known for his figurative works .
Hugh IV , Count of Rethel ( 1244 - 1285 ) was a son of Manasses V and his wife , Elisabeth of Écry .
Enver Ahmed ( 1909 - -1992 ) , pen name Ahmed , was an Indian cartoonist and creator of Chandu , the turbanned , paunchy central character of a popular cartoon strip in the Hindustan Times .
Henry Spencer , 1st Earl of Sunderland , 3rd Baron Spencer of Wormleighton ( c. 23 November 1620 -- 20 September 1643 ) , known as The Lord Spencer between 1636 and June 1643 , was an English peer from the Spencer family who fought and died in the English civil war on the side of the Cavaliers .
Robert Percy Smith , known as `` Bobus '' Smith ( 7 May 1770 -- 10 March 1845 ) , was a British lawyer , Member of Parliament , and Judge Advocate - General of Bengal , India .
Robert Dorsay ( 16 August 1904 -- 29 October 1943 ) was a German actor , dancer , and singer .
Geoff Twentyman ( 19 January 1930 -- 16 February 2004 ) was an English footballer who is mainly remembered for his links with Liverpool Football Club as both a player and as chief scout .
James Relly ( c.1722 -- 25 April 1778 ) was a Welshman , Methodist minister and mentor of John Murray who spread Universalism in the United States .
Knut - Olaf Haustein ( 20 September 1934 -- 10 February 2006 ) was a German physician best known for his work studying the effects of tobacco smoking .
Jacob Valero ( 1813 - -1874 ) was the founder of the first private bank in Palestine , Jacob Valero & Company .
William Aleyn ( fl . 1430 - -1448 ) was a 15th - century English pirate .
Mulla Morad ibn Ali Khan Tafreshi ( 1549 - 1641 CE ) was a theologian , man of wisdom and jurist during the Safavid period .
Pendyala Nageswara Rao ( Telugu : పెండ్యాల నాగేశ్వరరావు ) ( 6 March 1917 -- 31 August 1984 ) was a popular drama actor , singer and music director in Telugu Film Industry for over 25 years from early 1950s to late 1970s .
Nina Kulagina , Ninel Sergeyevna Kulagina ( Russian : Нине́ль Серге́евна Кула́гина ) ( aka Nelya Mikhailova ) ( 30 July 1926 -- April 1990 ) was a Russian woman who claimed to have psychic powers , particularly in psychokinesis .
Martha Magee ( c. 1755 - 1846 ) was a philanthropist and a co - founder and the namesake of Magee College in Ireland .
Josef Velek , ing . ( Master of Art , Technology ) ( November 30 , 1939-April 30 , 1990 ) was a Czechoslovak ( Czech ) journalist , author and environmentalist .
Barbara George ( 16 August 1942 -- 10 August 2006 ) was an American R&B singer and songwriter .
Thomas Coggeshall ( died 1402 ) , of New Hall in Boreham , Great Baddow and Sandon , Essex , was an English politician .
Edward Winslow ( 1595 -- 1655 ) was a Separatist who traveled on the Mayflower in 1620 .
Philippe Le Sueur Mourant ( 1848 -- 21 August 1918 ) was a Jersey writer who wrote in Jèrriais and French .
Vice - Admiral Thomas Butler , 6th Earl of Ossory , KG , PC , PC(I ) ( 8 July 1634 -- 30 July 1680 ) was an Irish politician .
Ferdinando Fairfax ( born in 1766 at Shannon Hill , Jefferson County , Virginia ( now West Virginia ) ; died on 24 September 1820 at Mount Eagle , Fairfax County , Virginia ) was a Virginia landowner and member of the prominent Fairfax family .
Harry Ainsworth ( 1887 or 1888 - -4 August 1965 ) was a British newspaper editor .
Otto Zuckerkandl ( 28 December 1861 , Raab - 1 July 1921 , Vienna ) was an Austrian urologist and surgeon .
Giovanni Baldelli ( 1914 - -1986 ) was an anarchist theorist , best known for his 1971 work Social Anarchism which defines social anarchism and provides a framework for its introduction .
Carlo Bonavia ( died 1788 ) was an Italian painter known for idyllic landscape paintings , engravings and drawings .
Sigurd Jonsson ( 1390s -- December 1452 ) was a Norwegian nobleman , knight and the supreme leader of Norway during two interregnums in the mid-15th century .
John `` Jack '' Rackham ( 26 December 1682 -- 18 November 1720 ) , commonly known as Calico Jack , was an English pirate captain operating in the Bahamas and in Cuba during the early 18th century .
Nina Hunt ( 1932 - -1995 ) was a Manx Latin American dance coach and choreographer .
Captain Federico Caprilli ( 8 April 1868 - 6 December 1907 ) was an Italian cavalry officer and equestrian who revolutionized the jumping seat .
Andrey Chokhov , also spelled Chekhov ( Андрей Чохов ( Чехов ) in Russian ) ( c. 1545 -- 1629 , Moscow ) was one of the most prominent Russian casters .
Kenneth Norman Bell ( 1884 -- 1951 ) was a fellow of Balliol College , Oxford from 1914 to his death in 1951 .
Emily Quihampton ( 19 July 1834 -- 29 March 1909 ) was a 19th - century outdoor enthusiast who was the first woman to climb Mont Blanc and Monte Rosa in the same week .
Michael George ( 18 December 1888 -- 10 June 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Zvi Yehuda Kook ( Hebrew : צבי יהודה קוק‎ , born 23 April 1891 , died 9 March 1982 ) was a rabbi , leader of Religious Zionism and Rosh Yeshiva of the Mercaz HaRav yeshiva .
Daniel Kinnear Clark ( 17 July 1822 -- 22 January 1896 ) was a Scottish consulting railway engineer .
Nancy Dawson was the stage name of Ann Newton ( c.1728 - 1767 ) , a famous London dancer and actress .
John Howison ( or Howisone , Howisoune , or Howieson , c. 1530 -- 1618 ) was Minister in the Parish of Cambuslang during a turbulent time in Scotland 's history .
Charles Armitage Brown ( 14 April 1787 -- 5 June 1842 ) was a very close friend of the poet John Keats , as well as being a friend of artist Joseph Severn , Leigh Hunt , Thomas Jefferson Hogg , Walter Savage Landor and Edward John Trelawny .
Sir Worthington Laming Worthington - Evans , 1st Baronet GBE PC ( 23 August 1868 -- 14 February 1931 ) was a British Conservative politician .
Berto Pisano ( 13 October 1928 -- 29 January 2002 ) was an Italian composer , conductor , arranger and jazz musician .
John Henry Davies ( born c. 1864 , died 24 October 1927 ) was a wealthy brewery owner who in 1902 took over the English football club Manchester United , which was then called Newton Heath .
Sir Henry Oxenden , 1st Baronet ( 1614 - -1686 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1645 and 1660 .
Regina Seiden ( 4 July 1897- 11 January 1991 ) was a Jewish Canadian Woman painter who was an early member of the Beaver Hall Group .
Adam Houghton ( died 13 February 1389 ) , also known as Adam de Houghton , was Bishop of St David 's from 1361 until his death and Lord Chancellor of England from 1377 to 1378 .
Thomas Malton , the elder ( 1726 - -1801 ) was an English architectural draughtsman and writer on geometry .
Arthur Mervyn Stockwood ( 27 May 1913 -- 13 January 1995 ) was the Anglican Bishop of Southwark from 1959 to 1980 .
William Henry Pratt ( 23 November 1887 -- 2 February 1969 ) , better known by his stage name Boris Karloff , was an English actor .
Sat Mahajan ( 27 July 1927 -- 1 September 2012 ) was the Rural Development Minister of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh .
Herbert Desmond Carter ( 15 June 1895 -- 3 February 1939 ) was a British lyricist who worked with George and Ira Gershwin , Ivor Novello , and others , and also wrote one of the first English language versions of the notorious `` suicide song '' , `` Gloomy Sunday '' .
Admiral Sir George Cranfield Berkeley GCB ( 10 August 1753 -- 25 February 1818 ) , often known as George Berkeley , was a highly experienced , popular , yet controversial naval officer and politician in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century Britain .
Sinibaldo Scorza ( 16 July 1589 -- 5 April 1631 ) was an Italian painter , draughtsman and etcher .
Vernon Andrade ( April 24 , 1902 , Panama -- February 8 , 1966 , New York City ) was an American jazz bandleader active primarily in New York City in the 1920s and 1930s .
Sophia Maria Westenholz , née Fritscher ( 1759 - 1838 ) was a German composer , musician , singer and music educator .
Sebastião Alba ( 11 March 1940 -- 14 October 2000 ) was a Portuguese poet , born in Braga who lived a long period of his life in former Portuguese colony Mozambique .
Thomas Chaundler ( 1418 - -1490 ) was an English playwright and illustrator .
Robert James Graves , F.R.C.S. ( 27 March 1796 -- 20 March 1853 ) was an eminent Irish surgeon after whom Graves ' disease takes its name .
Julius Beerbohm ( 1854 -- April 1906 ) was a Victorian travel - writer , engineer and explorer .
Rajah Tupas ( baptized as Felipé Tupás , c. 1497 -- c. 1565 ) was the last Rajah of Cebu in the Pre - Hispanic Philippines .
Erik Tengström ( 1913 - -1996 ) , Swedish astronomer and geodesist .
Yun Chi - oh ( Korean:윤치오 , Hanja:尹致旿 ; born 5 August 1869 ; died 22 December 1950 ) was a Korean educator and politician .
John Lee Lee ( 11 December 1802 -- 16 August 1874 ) of Orleigh Court in the parish of Buckland Brewer in Devon , and of Dillington House , near Ilminster in Somerset , was a British Tory politician who was Member of Parliament for Wells in Somerset between 1830 and 1837 .
Homer Baker ( June 8 , 1893 - November 25 , 1977 ) was an American , middle - distance track and field athlete .
Dhammalok Mahasthavir ( Devanagari : धम्मालोक महास्थविर ) ( born Das Ratna Tuladhar ) ( 16 January 1890 -- 17 October 1966 ) was a Nepalese Buddhist monk who worked to revive Theravada Buddhism in Nepal in the 1930s and 1940s .
Rafael Valek Moure ( 18 December 1932 -- 17 June 2013 ) was a Colombian footballer who played professionally in the Colombian Professional Football League , Serie A and Mexican Primera División .
Florindo Ferrario ( 25 January 1897 -- 30 May 1960 ) was an Argentine film , stage and radio actor .
Sir Nathaniel Napier , 2nd Baronet ( 1636 - -1709 ) was an English politician , known also as a traveller and dilettante .
Joseph Allan McIver ( 17 January 1904 -- 15 June 1969 ) was a Canadian composer , arranger , pianist , and conductor .
Martin Desjardins , born Martin van den Bogaert ( 1637 -- 2 May 1694 ) was a French sculptor and stuccoist of Dutch birth .
Abisin Abbas ( ( aˈbisɪn aˈbas ) ; 26 February 1902 -- 20 October 1961 ) , better known by his pseudonym Andjar Asmara ( ( anˈdʒar asˈmara ) ) , was a dramatist and filmmaker active in the cinema of the Dutch East Indies .
Fritz Arthur Jusélius ( 13 June 1855 Pori -- 8 February 1930 ) was a Finnish industrialist and a member of parliament .
Cristino García Granda ( Gozón , 1914 - -1946 ) was a fighter with the French Resistance in France during World War II . He was born in Asturias , Spain and also died in Spain .
Muzaffar al - Din Jahan Shah ibn Yusuf ( 1397 in Khoy -- 1467 in Tabriz ) ( Persian : جهان شاه‎‎ ; Azerbaijani : Cahan Şah/جهان شاه ) was the leader of the Kara Koyunlu oghuz Turks tribal federation in Azerbaijan and Arran who reigned c. 1438 -- 1467 .
Henry of Coquet ( died 1127 ) was a Dane who lived in a hermitage on the island of Coquet , off the Northumberland coast .
Lady Alicia Blackwood née Lambart , ( 1818 -- 30 July 1913 ) , the daughter of George Frederick Augustus Lambart , Viscount Kilcoursie ( 1789 - -1828 ) and Sarah Coppin , was an English painter and nurse , married to the Rev. James Stevenson Blackwood ( -1882 ) .
Karol Rzepecki ( 21 June 1865 , Poznań -- 14 December 1931 , Poznań ) was a Polish bookseller , social and political activist , editor of Sokół ( Falcon ) magazine .
Danny Kyle ( 12 December 1939 -- 5 July 1998 ) was a Scottish Folk singer - songwriter .
Eugène Marioton ( 7 April 1857 , Paris - 1933 ) was a French sculptor and medalist .
William Dickie Niven ( 26 April 1879 -- 26 February 1965 ) , of Fyvie , Aberdeenshire , was a Scottish academic .
Allan Dwan ( 3 April 1885 -- 28 December 1981 ) was a pioneering Canadian - born American motion picture director , producer and screenwriter .
Patric Standford ( 5 February 1939 -- 23 April 2014 ) was an English composer , pedagogue and writer .
George Blenkinsop ( 1822 -- 2 June 1904 ) was a Hudson 's Bay Company employee who made important contributions to Canadian history as a pioneer in the British Columbia area of the country .
Adriaen van der Werff ( 21 January 1659 -- 12 November 1722 ) was an accomplished Dutch painter of portraits and erotic , devotional and mythological scenes .
Barry Askew ( 13 December 1936 -- 17 April 2012 ) was a British journalist , editor of the Lancashire Evening Post and briefly of the News of the World .
Talaat Sadat ( 26 February 1954 -- 20 November 2011 ) was an Egyptian politician , lawyer and former political prisoner .
Alex Elmsley ( 2 March 1929 -- 8 January 2006 ) was a Scottish magician and computer programmer .
Karl Yens ( January 11 , 1868 -- 1945 ) , also Karl Jens was a German - American who was noted for both plein - air paintings of the California impressionist movement as well as Modernism .
Alfred Lyttelton QC ( 7 February 1857 -- 5 July 1913 ) was a British politician and sportsman from the Lyttelton family who excelled at both football and cricket .
Sylvie Gaudin ( June 19 , 1950 -- 1994 ) was a French glass painter and stained glass artist and manufacturer .
Valentine Kornienko ( 10 April 1939 -- 22 February 2011 ) was a member of the Writer 's Union of Ukraine and the winner of the Bohdan Lepky award .
Lieutenant Colonel Muhammad Umran ( Arabic : محمد عمران‎ ; 1922 - -4 March 1972 ) was a founding member of the Military Committee of the unitary Ba'ath Party , and a leading personality in Syrian politics from the 8th of March Revolution until the 1966 Syrian coup d'état .
József Ágoston de Kisjóka ( 1800 -- 9 March 1860 ) was a Hungarian lawyer and Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Ellen Radka Toneff ( 25 June 1952 -- 21 October 1982 ) was a Norwegian jazz singer , daughter of the Bulgarian folk singer , pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff , she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn .
Inji Hanimefendi ( Arabic : انجى هانم افندی‎)(Turkish : İncı Hanımefendi)(died 5 September 1890 ) was the first wife of Said Pasha , Wāli of Egypt and Sudan from 1854 until 1863 .
Ronald Knight ( 12 May 1913 -- October 1991 ) was an English cricketer active from 1933 to 1934 who played for Northamptonshire ( Northants ) .
Helge Hagerup ( 21 April 1933 -- 12 August 2008 ) was a Norwegian playwright , poet and novelist .
Louis III de La Trémoille ( 1521 -- 25 March 1577 ) , 1st Duke of Thouars , was a sixteenth - century French nobleman of the La Tremoille family .
Harry Matheson ( 12 June 1891 -- 4 November 1956 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda , Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Stoyan Zaimov ( Bulgarian : Стоян Заимов ; 12 August 1853 -- 9 September 1932 ) was a Bulgarian revolutionary , apostle of the April Uprising , enlightener , public figure and writer .
Prof John Norman Collie FRSE FRS ( 10 September 1859 -- 1 November 1942 ) , commonly referred to as J. Norman Collie , was a British scientist , mountaineer , and explorer .
Ruth Egri ( 1911 - -1996 ) was an American artist , painter , muralist , educator , and illustrator who worked in the Federal Art Project and in the WPA New Reading Materials Program during the New Deal .
Rodrigo de Sousa Coutinho , 1st Count of Linhares ( 4 August 1755 in Chaves -- 26 January 1812 in Rio de Janeiro ) was a Portuguese nobleman and politician .
Max Cross ( 11 July 1934 -- 7 March 1985 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Shelford Bidwell FRS ( 6 March 1848 -- 18 December 1909 ) was an English physicist and inventor .
Upon the death of Charles Allanson - Winn , 7th Baron Headley , on 23 February 1994 , the Headley Barony became extinct .
Philips van der Aa ( died after 1586 ) was a politician in the Seventeen Provinces and a statesman of the Dutch Republic during its struggle for independence , the Eighty Years ' War .
John Peile ( 24 April 1838 -- 9 October 1910 ) was an English philologist .
Geoffrey I of Vianden 7th duke of Vianden 1273 - 1310 ( -1310 ) was a son to duke Filips I of Vianden and Mary of Brabant - Perwez .
William Bladen ( 1672 - -1718 ) was an English - born Attorney - General in Maryland and , briefly , Secretary of that Province .
Caroline Birley ( 16 November 1851 -- 15 February 1907 ) was an English geologist , fossil collector and children 's author .
Aniella di Beltrano or Anniella di Rosa ( 1613 - -1649 ) was an Italian woman painter of the Baroque period , active in Naples .
Selby Norton ( 13 September 1836 -- 11 November 1906 ) was an English cricketer who played for Kent .
Arslan Shah I was Sultan of Kerman ( 1101 - -1142 ) , a city in Iran situated at the center of Kerman province .
Captain Keith Robert Martin Kinnier , O.B.E. ( 1902 - -1969 ) Captain Keith R.M. Kinnier was a distinguished British seaman , who on 31 December 1943 , saved his ship from submarine attack in the seas off Karachi for which actions he was awarded the O.B.E.
James Grigson ( January 30 , 1932 in Texarkana , Texas - June 3 , 2004 ) , called by parts of the press as `` Doctor Death '' , was a Texas forensic psychiatrist who testified in 167 capital trials , nearly all of which resulted in death sentences .
Sir Richard de Whitacre ( circa 1300 - 1375 ) was the Lord of the Manors of Nether Whitacre , Over Whitacre , Elmdon , and Freasley .
Zdeněk Liška ( 16 March 1922 -- 13 August 1983 ) was a Czech composer who produced a large number of film scores across a prolific career that started in the 1950s .
Mandell Creighton ( /ˈmændəl ˈkraɪtən/ ; 5 July 1843 -- 14 January 1901 ) , was a British historian and a bishop of the Church of England .
Sacha Zaliouk , born Alexander Davidovich Zaliouk ( 1887 - -1971 ) , was a Russian Empire - born illustrator and sculptor , from a Jewish family in Radomysl , Ukraine .
Knut Bjørnsen ( 26 July 1932 -- 14 November 2008 ) was a sports commentator and journalist for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation .
Walter Moyle ( 1672 - -1721 ) was an English politician and political writer , an advocate of classical republicanism .
Lee Barron ( born as Elroy Vernon Lee 1 August 1915 Minnesota ; d. 21 December 1993 , Omaha ) was an American big band leader and radio and TV personality .
Gilles Reingot ( French : Gillequin de Bailleul ; fl . 1501 - -1530 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer of the Renaissance , associated with the Habsburg court of Philip I of Castile .
Matilda Ridout Edgar ( 29 September 1844 -- 29 September 1910 ) was a Canadian historian and feminist .
Clément Barbot ( 1914 -- 14 July 1963 ) was a top aide to Haitian President Francois Duvalier .
Hans Hirschfeld ( Bremen , 29 May 1899 -- The Hague , 4 November 1961 ) was a Dutch economist and a founder member of the Council for a Democratic Germany .
Konstantin Vyrupayev ( 10 October 1930 -- 31 October 2012 ) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic Champion .
Blessed Maria Josefa Alhama y Valera ( 1893 -- 8 February 1983 ) was a Roman Catholic Spanish nun and she was the founder of both the Handmaids of Merciful Love in 1930 and the Sons of Merciful Love in 1951 .
Rudolf Vanmoerkerke ( 7 October 1924 -- 4 December 2014 ) ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈryː.dɔlf vɐn.ˈmur.kɛr.kə ) ) was a Belgian businessman and a pioneer of the Belgian travel industry .
Charles Foden ( 1868 -- 14 October 1908 ) was a British tug of war competitor .
Sir Robert Wilmot , 1st Baronet ( 1708 - -1772 ) was an English servant of the Crown , Secretary to successive Viceroys of Ireland from 1740 to 1772 , and after 1758 Secretary to the Lord Chamberlain of the Household .
Emil Zeiß ( July 2 , 1833 -- April 14 , 1910 ) was a German Protestant minister and painter .
Franz Kohaut ( -- - died 1822 ) was a Czech botanical collector and gardener from Neuhaus , Bohemia .
Archibald Hood ( 1823 - -1902 ) was a Scottish engineer and coalowner who became an important figure in the industrial growth of the Rhondda Valley .
John Chorlton ( 1666 , Salford -- 16 May 1705 , Manchester ) was an English presbyterian minister and tutor .
Frances Foy ( April 11 , 1890 - 1963 ) was an American painter , muralist , illustrator , and etcher born in Chicago , Illinois .
James Holworthy ( 1781 - -1841 ) was a British watercolour artist .
John Robert Tait , known as Jock Tait ( 20 November 1886 -- 13 April 1945 ) was a Scottish cricketer who played in English and Welsh leagues .
Richard Alfred Davenport ( 1777 - -1852 ) was an English miscellaneous writer .
Sir John Harvey - Jones MBE ( 16 April 1924 -- 9 January 2008 ) was an English businessman .
Andrew Lumisden or Lumsden ( 1720 - -1801 ) was a Scottish Jacobite .
Vic Hey ( born Monday 18 November 1912 in Liverpool , New South Wales -- died Tuesday 11 April 1995 ( aged 82 ) ) was an Australian rugby league national and state representative five - eighth / stand - off and later a successful first - grade and national coach .
Dave Clohessy ( 1905 - -1986 ) was an Irish sportsperson .
Edward Neil McKelvey O.C. , C.D. , Q.C. , ( 1925 - -2011 ) was a Canadian lawyer .
Keith Edward Abbott ( 1814 - -1873 ) was a British diplomat and consul general at Tabriz and later Odessa .
Gertrude of Baden ( before 1160 -- before 1225 ) was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage a Countess of Dagsburg .
Zhou Jianren ( Chinese : 周建人 ; 1888 - 1984 ) was a politician and biologist of the People 's Republic of China .
Eusebius of Laodicea ( Greek : Εὐσέβιος ; date of birth uncertain ; died about 268 ) was an Alexandrian , a deacon who had some fame as a confessor , and became bishop of Laodicea in Syria .
Gilbert Marshal , 4th Earl of Pembroke ( 1194 -- 27 June 1241 ) was the third son of William Marshal , 1st Earl of Pembroke and Isabel de Clare , 4th Countess of Pembroke , the daughter of Richard de Clare .
Mary Bonaparte ( Mary Léonie Eugénie Mathilde Jeanne Julie Zénaïde Bonaparte ; 10 December 1870 -- 1947 ) was the eldest surviving daughter of Prince Napoléon Bonaparte of Canino and Christine Ruspoli .
Hansel Mieth ( 1909 - -1998 ) was a German - born photojournalist who worked on the staff of LIFE Magazine .
Yang Zhuoxin ( simplified Chinese : 杨卓新 ; traditional Chinese : 楊卓新 ; pinyin : Yáng Zhuóxīn ; 10 October 1890 -- 10 June 1963 ) was a Chinese educator and mathematician who served as President of Hunan University from August 1930to March 1931 .
Raffaello Tancredi ( Naples , 1837 - -1890 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of historical subjects .
William MacGillivray FRSE MWS ( 25 January 1796 -- 4 September 1852 ) was a Scottish naturalist and ornithologist .
George William Francis ( 1800 - -1865 ) was an English botanical and general science writer .
Harold Comte ( 10 March 1909 -- 30 May 1945 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , and Sandringham in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) during the 1930s .
Radhey Shyam Kori ( 7 July 1939 -- 12 August 2015 ) was an Indian politician who was MP for Ghatampur in Uttar Pradesh from 2004 to 2009 .
Walram of Jülich ( c. 1304 -- 14 August 1349 ) was Archbishop of Cologne from 1332 to his death in 1349 .
Theodor von Oppolzer ( 26 October 1841 -- 26 December 1886 ) was an Austrian astronomer and mathematician of Bohemian origin .
William Leighton Leitch ( 22 Nov 1804 -- 25 April 1883 ) was a master Scottish landscape watercolour painter and illustrator .
George Edmund Butler ( 15 January 1872 -- 9 August 1936 ) was a landscape and portrait painter specialising in oils and watercolours .
Susanna Duncombe née Highmore ( 1725 - -1812 ) was a British poet and artist .
Johannes Hadlaub ( fl . 1300 , d. before 1340 ) is one of the Minnesingers whose works are recorded in Codex Manesse .
Kommareddi Suryanarayana ( Telugu : కొమ్మారెడ్డి సూర్యనారాయణ ) ( b : 8 March 1907 - d : 6 May 1995 ) was a Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha member in Indian Parliament , Indian freedom activist and Gandhian .
Fred E. Miller ( 1868 -- 1936 ) was an American photographer , who worked at Crow Agency .
Hensleigh Wedgwood ( 21 January 1803 -- 2 June 1891 ) was a British etymologist , philologist and barrister , author of A Dictionary of English Etymology .
John Russell Colvin ( 29 May 1807 -- 9 September 1857 ) was a British civil servant in India , part of the illustrious Anglo - Indian Colvin family .
Edward Mortelmans ( 1915 - -2008 ) was an English artist and illustrator .
Albert Mansbridge , CH ( 10 January 1876 , Gloucester , Gloucestershire , England -- 22 August 1952 , Torquay , Devon ) was an English educator who was one of the pioneers of adult education in Britain .
Leszek of Racibórz ( Polish : Leszek raciborski ) ( c. 1292 -- 1336 ) was a Duke of Racibórz since 1306 and Duke of Koźle from 1334 until his death .
Michael Bowyer ( 1599 - -1645 ) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre in the Jacobean and Caroline eras .
Daniel Maynard Burgess ( December 21 , 1828 - -1911 ) was a surgeon and explorer born in Otsego County , New York .
Carl Gustaf Axel Örbom ( 29 July 1836 -- 30 May 1889 ) , was a Swedish jurist and government figure who , in the final eight months of his life , served as the Minister for Justice .
Arnold Perlmutter ( 1859 - -1953 ) was a composer for Yiddish theatre , born in Zlotshev , Galitsia .
Ee Tiang Hong ( 1933 - -1990 ) was a Malayan poet of Chinese ancestry .
Parduman Singh Brar ( 15 October 1927 -- 22 March 2007 ) was an Indian athlete who specialized in shot put and discus throw events .
Ivica Mlivončić ( 1931 - 2013 ) was a controversial Croatian author and columnist in Slobodna Dalmacija from Split .
Ohn Maung ( Burmese : အုန်းမောင် ( ʔóʊɴ màʊɴ ) ; 2 February 1913 -- 19 July 1947 ) was a Burmese politician who served as the Deputy Minister of Transport in Myanmar 's pre - independence government .
The Venerable Thomas Kurialacherry ( 14 January 1873 -- 6 February 1925 ) was a Catholic bishop , born in the Indian village of Champakulam .
Marie Carré ( died 1984 ) was a French Protestant nurse who later in life converted to become a Roman Catholic nun .
Maurits Coppieters ( 14 May 1920 -- 11 November 2005 ) , Flemish politician for the Volksunie , member of the Belgian Chamber ( 1965 - -71 ) , the Belgian Senate ( 1971 - -1979 ) and the European Parliament ( 1979 - -81 ) .
Montague Ainslie ( 28 April 1792 -- 1 February 1884 ) was an English forester and businessman whose interests included the iron ore company Harrison Ainslie .
Julius Mayr ( 7 January 1855 -- 8 May 1935 ) was a German physician , chairman of the German Alpine Club and writer who wrote a biography of the painter Wilhelm Leibl .
Giuseppe Nardulli ( 6 July 1947 -- 26 June 2008 ) was an Italian physicist based in Bari .
Juan Núñez II de Lara ( c. 1276 -- 1315 in Burgos ) , nicknamed el Mozo or el de la Barba ( the bearded one ) , was a Spanish noble , and head of the House of Lara in the service of the Kingdom of Castile .
Achilles Daunt ( 1832 - -1878 ) was a noted Irish preacher and homilist , and Anglican dean of Cork .
Marjabelle Young Stewart ( 16 May 1924 -- 3 March 2007 ) was an American writer and expert on etiquette .
Constance Adelaide Smith ( 28 April 1878 -- 10 June 1938 ) , also known as C. Penswick Smith in her published works , was an English woman who was responsible for the reinvigoration of the Christian holiday of Mothering Sunday in the UK in the early 20th century .
Jan Sanders van Hemessen ( c. 1500 -- c. 1566 ) was a leading artist of the second generation of Dutch and Flemish Renaissance painting , belonging to the group of Italianizing Flemish painters called the Romanists , who were influenced by Italian Renaissance painting .
Frederick William Conway ( 1782 - -1853 ) was an Irish journalist , newspaper founder and editor .
Nachman Syrkin ( or Nahman Syrkin or Nahum Syrkin ; b. 11 February 1868 ; d. 6 September 1924 ) was a political theorist , founder of Labour Zionism and a prolific writer in Hebrew , Yiddish , Russian , German and English language .
Jacob Heerbrand ( 12 August 1521 -- 22 May 1600 ) was a German Protestant theologian and controversialist .
Dariusz Ratajczak was found dead in a car parked near the shopping centre in Opole on 11 June 2010 .
Rinzō Shiina ( 椎名 麟三 Shiina Rinzō ; né 大坪 昇 Noboru Ōtsuka ; 1 October 1911 -- 28 March 1973 ) was a Japanese writer , novelist , short story writer and playwright .
Janet McEwan ( 1860 -- 1921 ) , née Janet Landells , known as Jenny McEwan , was a British Liberal Party politician and one of the first women to stand for election to the UK Parliament .
The Honourable Montagu Curzon ( 21 September 1846 -- 1 September 1907 ) was a British soldier and Conservative politician .
Francis Bellinger ( died September 1721 ) was an English physician .
Joseph Jaquet , sometimes written Joseph Jacquet , ( 30 January 1822 - 9 June 1898 ) was a Belgian sculptor .
Sarah Platt Doremus ( born 3 August 1802 New York City ; died there 29 January 1877 ) was noted for her philanthropy .
George Parker Tuxford ( ca.1810 -- 24 October 1870 ) of Barnes , London , was a British magazine publisher .
John Kinder Labatt ( 1803 -- 26 October 1866 ) was an Irish - Canadian brewer , and the founder of the Labatt Brewing Company .
William Rhys - Herbert ( 1868 - 1921 ) was an American composer , conductor , organist and pianist of Welsh origin .
Jean Renaud ( c. 1734 -- 16 March 1794 ) is first noted in Canadian history in 1768 when he married at Quebec City .
Mohammad Jawad Balaghi ( 1865 - -1933 ) , was an Iraqi Shia Muslim religious authority , author , poet and polemicist .
Johann Michael Seligmann ( 1720 - -1762 ) was a German artist and engraver best known for his ornithological artwork in Sammlung verschiedener ausländischer und seltener Vögel ( Collection of various foreign and rare birds ) which included plates based on the works of Mark Catesby and George Edwards .
Linda Haglund ( 15 June 1956 -- 21 November 2015 ) was a Swedish Olympic sprinter .
Brian Cumby ( 9 October 1950 - 26 February 2015 ) was a British shipwright who built a full - size replica of a Bronze Age boat for the National Maritime Museum Cornwall in Falmouth using only the tools available to Bronze Age man .
Al - Mutawakkil III ( Arabic : المتوكل على الله الثالث‎ ) ( died 1543 ) was caliph from 1508 to 1516 , and again in 1517 .
Frederic Count de Thoms ( 1669 - -1746 ) was a German art collector with various influential political ties .
Evan Griffiths ( 18 January 1795 -- 31 August 1873 ) was a Welsh clergyman , born near Bridgend , Glamorgan .
Linda White Mazini Villari ( née White ) ( 1836 - -1915 ) was an author and translator .
Jacques de La Palice ( or de La Palisse ) ( 1470 -- 24 February 1525 ) was a French nobleman and military officer .
Naemul of Silla ( died 402 ) ( r. 356 - -402 ) was the 17th ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla .
Carlo Michele Bonelli , Cardinal Alessandrino ( 25 November 1541 - - 28 March 1598 ) was an Italian senior papal diplomat with a distinguished career that spanned two decades from 1571 .
Saint Ignatius of Santhià ( 5 June 1686 -- 22 September 1770 ) , born Lorenzo Maurizio Belvisotti , was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member of the Order of Friars Minor .
Trevor Pearcey ( 5 March 1919 -- 27 January 1998 ) was a British - born Australian scientist , who created CSIRAC , one of the first ever stored - program electronic computers in the world .
Gertruda Komorowska ( born 1754 in Suszno -- 13 February 1771 in the river Rata near Sielec Bełski , Poland ) was a Polish noble lady .
Mina Loy , born Mina Gertrude Löwry ( 27 December 1882 -- 25 September 1966 ) , was a British artist , writer : poet , playwright , novelist , futurist , actress , Christian Scientist , feminist , model , nurse , designer of lamps , and bohemian .
Sir Charles Fellows ( August , 1799 -- 8 November 1860 ) was a British archaeologist .
Rose Lok ( 26 December 1526 -- 21 November 1613 ) was a businesswoman and Protestant exile during the Tudor period .
Gordon Barker ( 6 July 1931 -- 10 February 2006 ) was an English first - class cricketer who played for Essex .
Catherine Gaskin ( 2 April 1929 -- 6 September 2009 ) was an Irish--
Eiler Holck ( 4 June 1627 - 28 June 1696 ) was a Danish military officer , from 1671 with the title of baron .
Nathanael Ball ( 1623 - -1681 ) was an English clergyman , an assistant to Brian Walton in his London Polyglot Bible .
General Sir Frederick William Hamilton KCB ( 8 July 1815 -- 4 October 1890 ) was a British Army officer who became Major General commanding the Brigade of Guards .
Sir Henry Whatley Tyler ( 7 March 1827 - 1908 ) was a British Inspector of Railways , Railway Company director and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1892 .
Richard of Pudlicott ( died 1305 ) , also known as Richard de Podelicote ( or Pudlicote , or Dick Puddlecote ) , was an English wool merchant who , down on his luck , became an infamous burglar of King Edward I 's Wardrobe treasury at Westminster Abbey in 1303 .
Don Andrés de Tapia Motelchiuhtzin Huitznahuatlailótlac was the ruler of Tenochtitlan ( 1525 - -1530 ) .
Adolf Rzepko ( 1825 -- 1892 ) was a Polish composer , oboist , choral and orchestral conductor , and pianist .
Francis Lathom ( 14 July 1774 -- 19 May 1832 ) was a British gothic novelist and playwright .
Erzurumlu Emrah ( 1775 , Güzelyurt , Erzurum -- 1854 , Niksar , Tokat ) was a Turkish Turkish folk poet .
Carlos de Jesus Euzébio , known as Euzébio , ( 16 November 1951 -- 11 March 2010 ) was a Brazilian football striker .
Dachine Rainer ( 13 January 1921 -- 19 August 2000 ) was an American born English writer .
John Henry Niemeyer ( born in Bremen , Germany , 25 June 1839 ; died 7 December 1932 ) was a German - born painter who worked in the United States .
Cathal Ó Murchadha ( ( ˈkahəlˠ oː ˈmˠʊɾˠxuː ) , born Charles Murphy ; 16 February 1880 -- 28 April 1958 ) was an Irish politician and republican .
Timothy Danielson ( 1733 - -1791 ) was the third son of John and Margaret ( Mughill ) Danielson .
Thomas K. Donaldson ( 1944 - -2006 ) was a mathematician and well - known cryonics advocate .
Éléonore de Bourbon ( 30 April 1587 -- 20 January 1619 ) was the daughter of Henri I de Bourbon and his second wife Charlotte Catherine de la Tremoille .
Harlan True Stetson ( 1885 - -1964 ) was an American astronomer and physicist .
Ann Beckett ( 5 February 1927 - 2002 ) was an Irish pioneer of occupational therapy , a sister of John Beckett ( an Irish musician , composer and conductor ) and Peter Beckett ( a pioneering figure in Irish psychiatry ) .
John Gordon , 3rd Earl of Aboyne ( died 7 April 1732 ) was the son of Charles Gordon , 2nd Earl of Aboyne and Elizabeth Lyon .
Yaragudipati Varada Rao ( 30 May 1903 -- 13 February 1973 ) , also known as Y. V. Rao , was an Indian film producer , director , thespian , screenwriter , editor and actor known for his works predominantly in Telugu , Kannada , and Tamil cinema .
Fereydun Gole ( Persian : فریدون گُله‎‎ ; also spelled Fereydoun Goleh ) ( 1942 - -2005 ) was an Iranian screenwriter , film director , and film editor .
Hugo Carl Emil Muecke ( 8 July 1842 -- 6 June 1929 ) was a businessman and politician in the colony and State of South Australia .
James Audley , 2nd Baron Audley ( 8 January 1312/1313 -- 1 April 1386 ) of Heighley Castle , Staffordshire , was an English peer .
Marcel Fischbach ( 22 August 1914 -- 27 June 1980 ) was a Luxembourgish politician , journalist , and diplomat .
Josiah Belden ( 1815 - -1892 ) was an American pioneer and politician .
Empress Jin Feishan ( 金飛山 ) ( d. 926 ) was an empress of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Former Shu .
Lieutenant General Robert Harold Nimmo CBE ( 22 November 1893 -- 4 January 1966 ) was an Australian soldier who served in both World War I and World War II and eventually rose to the rank of Lieutenant General .
Isabella Valancy Crawford ( 25 December 1846 -- 12 February 1887 ) was an Irish - born Canadian writer and poet .
Thomas Image ( 1772 - -1856 ) was a geologist and collector of fossil specimens .
Sir Thomas Molyneux ( 1531 - -1597 ) was an English - born statesman in Ireland during the Elizabethan era .
Dr. Sirajul Haque Khan , ( Bengali : সিরাজুল হক খান;1924 -- 14 December 1971 ) born in the district of Noakhali , was a Bengali Educationist and martyred intellectual of 1971 .
Evellius ( died 66 AD ) was an early Christian martyr .
Giovanni Domenico Cassini ( 8 June 1625 -- 14 September 1712 ) was an Italian mathematician , astronomer , astrologer and engineer .
Fernando de Acuña y de Herrera ( died 1495 ) was Viceroy of Sicily for 1489 - -1495 .
Chicot ( c. 1540 - -1592 ) , real name Jean - Antoine d'Anglerais , was the jester of King Henry III of France and later Henry IV . He was sharp - tongued and very cunning and spoke with the king without formalities .
Karin Juel ( 26 May 1900 , Kungsholmen , Stockholm -- 2 May 1976 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish singer , actor and writer .
John Francis Skjellerup ( 16 May 1875 -- 6 January 1952 ) was an Australian who spent about a decade working as a telegraphist in South Africa , and was an astronomer .
Kazimierz Iwiński Łodzia coat of arms ( d. 29 October 1990 in Warsaw ) - has an MA in Philosophy , he is a retired senior inspector of the Ministry of Education and Schools of Academic Rank and is ( now in the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Republic of Poland ) .
Daniel Stolz von Stolzenberg ( Daniel Stolcius ) ( 1600 - -1660 ) was a Bohemian physician and writer on alchemy , a pupil of Michael Maier in Prague .
Kristjan Palusalu ( until 1935 Kristjan Trossmann , 10 March ( O.S. 26 February ) 1908 -- 17 July 1987 ) was an Estonian heavyweight wrestler and Olympic winner .
Ștefan Kovács ( Romanian : Ştefan Covaci ; Hungarian : Kovács István ; 2 October 1920 -- 12 May 1995 ) was a Romanian football player and coach .
André Gedalge ( 27 December 1856 -- 5 February 1926 ) , was an influential French composer and teacher .
Dagmar Oakland ( November 25 , 1893 -- June 1989 ; born Edna Andersen ) was an American actress of stage and screen from San Francisco , California .
Touby Lyfoung ( 1917 - -1979 ) was a Hmong political and military leader .
Alec David Young ( 15 August 1913 -- 27 January 2005 ) was a British aero - engineer .
William de Beaumont , 3rd Earl of Warwick ( before 1140 -- 15 November 1184 ) was an English nobleman .
Gao Lishi ( Chinese : 高力士 ; pinyin : Gāo Lìshì ) ( 684 - -762 ) , formally the Duke of Qi ( 齊公 ) , was a eunuch official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , becoming particularly powerful during Emperor Xuanzong of Tang 's reign .
Włodzimierz Kołos ( 6 September 1928 -- 3 June 1996 ) - Polish chemist and physicist who was one of the founders of modern quantum chemistry , and pioneered accurate calculations on the electronic structure of molecules .
Ali Mitayev ( Russian : Али Митаев ) ( 1881 -- 1925 ) was a Chechen sheikh and leader of anti - Soviet movement in the 1920s .
Philip Hamill ( 15 October 1883 - 3 March 1959 ) was a British physiologist , physician , and teacher of pharmacology and therapeutics .
Heinz Alt ( 1922 -- 6 January 1945 ) was a German composer and one of the victims of Nazi regime .
Sir Francis Wythens SL KC ( c. 1635 -- 9 May 1704 ) was a British judge and politician .
Fu Chong ( Chinese : 苻崇 ; died 394 ) was an emperor of the Chinese / Di state Former Qin .
Bernard Vaughan ( 1847 - -1922 ) was an English Roman Catholic clergyman , brother of Herbert and John Stephen Vaughan .
Betty Morrissey ( 1908 -- 20 April 1944 ) , was an American film actress .
Empress Deng Mengnü ( 鄧猛女 ) ( died 165 ) , also briefly known as Liang Mengnü ( 梁猛女 ) then as Bo Mengnü ( 薄猛女 ) , was an empress during Han Dynasty .
Karl Babor ( 23 August 1918 - 18 January 1964 ) was a Nazi , SS doctor of the Third Reich , and officer at Camp Gross - Rosen with the rank of Hauptsturmführer .
Benjamin Wardill ( 15 October 1842 -- 15 October 1917 ) , often referred to as Major Wardill , was an Australian cricketer and cricket administrator .
William C. K. Irwin , also known as William C. Irwin and Will Irwin ( 3 January 1907 -- 23 October 1998 ) , was an American pianist , conductor , and songwriter .
Vasant Rai ( 1942 - -1985 ) was one of world 's most acclaimed performers of Indian music and virtuoso of the Indian - Persian - Afghan instrument Sarod .
Bronislav Poloczek ( Polish : Bronisław Poloczek ) ( 7 August 1939 -- 16 March 2012 ) was a Polish - Czech theatre and television actor .
Emme Gerhard ( 1872 - -1946 ) was a professional American photographer who worked with her sister Mayme Gerhard ( 1876 - -1955 ) in St. Louis , Missouri .
Charles Fenwick ( 5 May 1850 -- 20 April 1918 ) was a British trade unionist and Liberal--
Khaled al - Hassan also known as Abu Said ( 1928 - 1994 ) was an early adviser of Yasser Arafat , PLO leader and a founder of the Palestinian political and militant organization Fatah .
Elliott Marks ( 3 December 1941 -- 9 July 2003 ) was a movie stills photographer who was posthumously awarded the first Still Photographer Award by the International Cinematographers Guild Publicists Awards in 2004 .
Johannes Vallentin Dominicus Werbata ( Padang , 22 September 1866 - Magelang , 2 June 1929 ) , better known by his initials JVD , was a military superintendent , first class sensor and knight in the Military William Order fourth grade .
James C. Kellogg III ( 1915 - -1980 ) was Chairman of the Port Authority of New York & New Jersey and Chairman of the Board of Governors of the New York Stock Exchange .
John William Fordham Johnson ( 28 November 1866 -- 28 November 1938 ) was a Canadian businessman and the 14th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia .
Ralph Eure , 3rd Baron Eure ( 24 September 1558 -- 1 April 1617 ) , of Ingleby and Malton , Yorkshire , was an English nobleman and politician .
Isham Randolph ( December 1684 -- November 1742 ) , sometimes referred to as Isham Randolph of Dungeness , was the maternal grandfather of United States President Thomas Jefferson .
Lucia Mantu ( pen name of Camelia Nădejde ; September 22 , 1888 -- November 1971 ) was a Romanian prose writer .
Augustus of Brunswick - Lüneburg ( 10 April 1579 -- 17 September 1666 ) , called the Younger , was duke of Brunswick - Lüneburg .
Ya'akov Geri ( Hebrew : יעקב גרי‎ , born 18 September 1901 , died 18 December 1974 ) , also known as Jack Gering .
Carlo Ruini ( 1530 - -1598 ) was one of the most noted anatomists of the horse of the 16th century .
Jürgen Wattenberg ( 28 December 1900 -- 27 September 1995 ) was a German naval officer and U - boat commander during the Second World War .
Gerard de Malynes ( fl . 1585 - -1641 ) was an independent merchant in foreign trade , an English commissioner in the Spanish Netherlands , a government advisor on trade matters , assay master of the mint , and commissioner of mint affairs .
Talimeran Ao ( 28 January 1918 -- 13 September 1998 ) was an Indian footballer and physician .
Idalguer ( Latin : Hidelherius , Idelherus ; died 914 ) was the second bishop of Vic ( 899 - -914 ) after the see was re - founded .
Risteárd de Tiúit ( anglicised as Richard Tuite ) ( ob . 1210 ) was a member of Richard de Clare , 2nd Earl of Pembroke 's Irish invasion force , and Lord Chief Justice of Ireland .
Sigeric ( ? -- 22 August 415 ) was a Visigoth king for seven days in 415 AD .
Adolphe Chenevière , D.ès . L. ( 1855 - -1917 ) was a fin de siècle Swiss novelist , short story writer , and literary scholar .
Francesco Antonio Begnudelli - Basso ( born at Trento ; died at Freising , 9 October 1713 ) was an Austrian canon lawyer .
Volmar Wikström ( 27 December 1889 -- 10 June 1957 ) was a Finnish wrestler from Pargas , Olympic medalist in freestyle wrestling .
Joseph Stretch Crowther ( 1820 -- March 1893 ) ( usually known as J. S. Crowther ) was an English architect who practised in Manchester .
Christina Anna Skytte af Dudenhof ( Stockholm , 9 November 1643 --21 January 1677 , Hagelsrum ) , was a Swedish baroness and pirate .
Giacomo Rondinella ( born 30 August 1923 - 25 February 2015 ) was an Italian singer and actor .
Cristóbal Galán ( ca . 1630 - -24 September 1684 ) was a Spanish Baroque composer .
Áed mac Néill ( died 819 ) ( Irish pronunciation : ( ˈaið mak niːˈəl ) ) , commonly called Áed Oirdnide , was King of Ailech .
Patrick Lindsay , 4th Lord Lindsay of the Byres ( died 1526 ) was a reputed advisor of James IV of Scotland , and counsellor to Margaret Tudor .
Xavier Petulengro ( 25 December 1859 - 16 June 1957 ) , more often known as Gipsy Petulengro ( or Gypsy Petulengro ) , was a British Romanichal horse trader , violinist , businessman , writer and broadcaster , known as the `` King of the Gypsies '' .
George Metochites ( Greek : Γεώργιος Μετοχίτης ; c. 1250 -- 1328 ) was an archdeacon in Constantinople during the 1270s and early 1280s , and an important , fervent supporter of the Union of the Greek and Latin Churches that was agreed to at the Second Council of Lyons ( 1274 ) .
Samuel Noble ( 1779 - -1853 ) was an English engraver , and minister of the New Church ( Swedenborgian ) .
Major Wellesley Tudor Pole O.B.E. ( 23 April 1884 -- 13 September 1968 ) was a spiritualist and early British Bahá'í .
Sir Evan Nepean , 1st Baronet ( 9 July 1752 -- 2 October 1822 ) was a British politician and colonial administrator .
James Rhodes Stanley Raper ( 9 August 1909 -- 9 March 1997 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club against Derbyshire and Gloucestershire in 1936 , and after World War II , versus Nottinghamshire in 1947 .
Antony Nicholas Allott ( 30 June 1924 -- 3 June 2002 ) was an English academic , Professor of African Law at the University of London .
Sir Arthur Forbes , 1st Baronet of Castle Forbes , County Longford , Ireland ( c. 1590 - -1632 ) took part in the Scottish Plantation of Ireland , and died in a duel at Hamburg , Germany .
Although a doctor was called , Frank Paton died from heart failure at around 5.30 am on 13 November 1909 , just 10 days short of his 54th birthday .
Blessed Stefan Wincenty Frelichowski ( 22 January 1913 in Chełmża -- 23 February 1945 in Dachau ) was a Polish priest and Scout , and is the patron of Polish Scouts .
Edith Hipkins ( 1854 - -1945 ) was a British portrait painter who exhibited regularly at the Royal Academy between 1883 and 1911 .
Franz Gürtner ( 26 August 1881 -- 29 January 1941 ) was a German Minister of Justice in Adolf Hitler 's cabinet , responsible for coordinating jurisprudence in the Third Reich .
Prof Tom Leadbetter Cottrell DSc FRSE ( 1923 -- 1973 ) ( usually simply referred to as Tom Cottrell ) was a short - lived but influential Scottish chemist .
David Morier Evans ( 1819 - -1874 ) , was a Welsh financial journalist .
Thomas Nicholas Burke ( 8 September 1830 in Galway -- 2 July 1882 in Tallaght , Ireland ) was an Irish Dominican preacher .
He died on 17 November 1871 at Hume Towers , his residence at Bournemouth , leaving issue , of whom H. M. Walmsley wrote The Life of Sir Joshua Walmsley ( London 1879 ) .
Govind Mukkaji Rathod ( death 26 October , 2014 ) was a member of the 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly .
Jovan Cvetković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Цветковић ; 1860 - -1915 ) , known as Jovan Dolgač ( Јован Долгач ) , was a Serbian Chetnik commander in Macedonia , who also participated in the Balkan Wars and World War I in the Chetnik detachments of the Serbian Army .
Sue Hastings ( May 10 , 1884 -- 1977 ) was an American puppeteer known for popularizing the ancient art of puppetry in the 1930s and 1940s .
Andrés Díaz Venero de Leiva ( died 1578 ) was the first president of the New Kingdom of Granada , appointed in 1564 .
Deng Conghao ( Chinese : 邓从豪 ; Pinyin : Dèng Cóngháo ; 1920 - -1998 ) was a Chinese educator .
John Preston , 1st Baron Tara ( 4 November 1764 -- 18 July 1821 ) , was an Irish politician .
Franz von Lauer ( 11 May 1736 -- 11 September 1803 ) began his service in the Austrian army as an engineer officer and became a general officer while fighting against Ottoman Turkey .
Alexander McCabe ( Irish : Alasdar Mac Cába ; 5 June 1886 -- 31 May 1972 ) was an Irish Sinn Féin ( later Cumann na nGaedheal ) politician .
Elizabeth Phillips Hughes ( 12 July 1851 -- 19 December 1925 ) was a Welsh scholar , teacher , and promoter of women 's education .
John Batmanson ( died 1531 ) , was prior of the Charterhouse in London .
Edmund Gayton ( 1608 - -1666 ) was an English academic , physician and author , now considered a hack writer .
Dinqinesh Mercha ( 1815 -- August 1907 ) was Empress - Consort of Emperor Tekle Giyorgis II . Empress Dinqinesh was the daughter of Shum Mercha of Tembien , and his wife Woizero Silass of Enderta .
Virginia North , Lady White ( 1 January 1945 -- 5 June 2004 ) was an Anglo - American actress who appeared in small roles in five films and one TV programme between 1967 and 1971 .
Bartholomew Price ( 1818 -- 29 December 1898 ) was an English mathematician and educator .
Charles Fritts ( 1850 -- 1903 ) was the American inventor credited with creating the first working Selenium Cell in 1883 .
Bartolomé Sureda y Miserol ( 1769 - -1850 ) was a Spanish artisan .
Sir Hugh Plat ( 1552 - -1608 ) was an English writer on agriculture and inventor , known from his works The Jewell House of Art and Nature ( 1594 ) and his major work on gardening Floraes Paradise ( 1608 ) .
Tord Godal ( 27 June 1909 -- 27 February 2002 ) was a Norwegian theologian and bishop for the Diocese of Nidaros .
Karl Harris ( 21 October 1979 -- 3 June 2014 ) was a three - time British Supersport champion .
Jack Fitzsimons ( 26 April 1930 -- 4 November 2014 ) was an Irish chartered architect and surveyor based in Kells , County Meath .
Joam Yama(1566 ? -- 29 September 1633 ) was a Japanese Jesuit monk born in Tsu Province , at the center of Japan 's main island .
Talbot Dilworth - Harrison ( 5 July 1886 - 16 May 1975 ) was Archdeacon of Chesterfield from 1934 until 1943 .
Arabella Elizabeth Roupell ( 23 March 1817 Newport , Shropshire -- 31 July 1914 Swallowfield , Berkshire ) was an English flower painter , noted for an anonymous set of flower paintings published in 1849 under the title ' Specimens of the flora of South Africa by a Lady ' .
Anna Petronella van Heerden ( 1887 - -1975 ) , was the first Afrikaner woman to qualify as a medical doctor .
Grace Stone Coates ( 1881 - -1976 ) wrote short stories , poetry , and news articles .
Magnus O'Donnell ( q4 1882 -- after 1906 ) was an English footballer who scored 13 goals from 64 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City and Barnsley .
Sir George Matthew McNaughton CB ( 31 January 1893 -- 31 August 1966 ) was a British civil engineer who specialised in hydraulic engineering .
Cyril Lord ( 12 July 1911 -- 29 May 1984 ) was a British entrepreneur known principally for the manufacture of carpets during the 1960s .
Bengt Lindskog ( 25 February 1933 -- 27 January 2008 ) was a Swedish footballer who played at both professional and international levels , as a midfielder .
Harald Hennum ( 29 May 1928 -- 14 October 1993 ) was a Norwegian footballer .
Arden John Arden Maddison ( 12 February 1900 -- 19 August 1987 ) was an English footballer who played at half - back for Stoke , Port Vale , Oldham Athletic , Mansfield Town , SC Nîmes ( France ) , Gresley Rovers and Sutton Town .
Robert Morehead Cook ( 12 January , 1919 -- 29 December , 1999 ) was a United States Army Colonel , who served as an inspector general during the Vietnam War .
George Riddle Banta , Sr . ( July 16 , 1857 -- September 23 , 1935 ) was the founder of the George Banta Company ( later the Banta Corporation ) and an influential figure in the development of the collegiate Phi Delta Theta fraternity and Delta Gamma women 's fraternity .
Baron Francis van Aarssens or Baron François van Aerssen ( 27 September 1572 - 27 December 1641 ) , from 1611 on lord of Sommelsdijk , was a diplomat and statesman of the United Provinces .
Catherine Edith Macauley Martin ( 1848 -- 15 March 1937 ) was an Australian novelist who used the pseudonyms M. C. , Mrs Alick MacLeod or anonymous .
Fritz Bennewitz ( 20 January 1926 -- 13 September 1995 ) was a German Theatre Director .
William Bateman , 1st Viscount Bateman KB , FRS ( 1695 -- December 1744 ) , was a British Whig politician .
Sir John Henry Orr OBE QPM ( 1918 - -1995 ) , was a Scottish police officer and was the first Chief Constable of the Lothian and Borders Police .
William Philip Hiern ( 19 January 1839 -- 28 November 1925 ) was a British mathematician and botanist .
Norman John MacMillan , CC , QC ( 1909 -- 30 October 1978 ) was a president of Canadian National Railway .
Alberts Jērums ( 1919 , Karula Parish - 1978 ) was a noted Latvian composer .
Ugolino Gonzaga ( 1320 -- 13 October 1362 ) was an Italian condottiero , a member of the House of Gonzaga .
John Inglis , Lord Glencorse FRSE ( 21 August 1810 -- 20 August 1891 ) was a Scottish politician and judge .
Müezzinzade Ali Pasha ( Turkish : Müezzinzade Ali Paşa ; also known as Sofu Ali Pasha or Sufi Ali Pasha or Meyzinoğlu Ali Pasha ; died 7 October 1571 ) was an Ottoman statesman and naval officer .
Air Marshal Sir Charles Edward Chilton KBE , CB ( 1 November 1906 -- 4 August 1992 ) was a Royal Air Force officer who served as Air Officer Commanding - in - Chief Coastal Command from 1959 to 1962 .
Paolo Stoppa ( 6 June 1906 -- 1 May 1988 ) was an Italian actor and dubber .
Hugh Trumble ( 12 May 1867 -- 14 August 1938 ) was an Australian cricketer who played 32 Test matches as a bowling all - rounder between 1890 and 1904 .
Herbert du Parcq , Baron du Parcq PC , KC ( 5 August 1880 -- 27 April 1949 ) was a British judge .
Friedrich Weichelt ( December 1894 -- November 1961 ) was a leading German explosives engineer .
Augusto Gansser - Biaggi ( 28 October 1910 -- 9 January 2012 ) was a Swiss geologist who specialised in the geology of the Himalayas .
Shukur Burkhanov ( Russian : Бурханов , Шукур ; 15 September 1910 -- 15 August 1987 ) was a Soviet theatre and cinema actor .
Vorn Vet ( 1934 - -1978 ) born Pen Thuok , was a deputy prime minister for the economy of Democratic Kampuchea .
Shivaramaiah Ramachandra Aithal ( Kannada : ಶಿವರಾಮಯ್ಯ ರಾಮಚಂದ್ರ ಐತಾಳ ; 16 November 1948 -- 10 January 2011 ) , popularly known as S. Ramachandra , was a National Award winning Indian cinematographer .
James Stanton V ( 1771 - -1829 ) is the namesake of Stantonsburg , North Carolina .
Eric Cheney ( 5 January 1924 -- 30 December 2001 ) was an English motorcycle racer , designer and independent constructor .
Otmar Mácha ( Mariánské Hory , Ostrava , 2 October 1922 - -Pardubice , 14 December 2006 ) was a Czech composer .
Countess Dorothea of Hanau - Münzenberg ( 4 February 1556 -- 5 September 1638 ) , was a German noblewoman member of the House of Hanau by birth and by virtue of her two marriages Countess of Ortenburg and Gleichen - Kranichfeld - Ehrenstein - Blankenhain .
Cully Richards ( 1908 - -1978 ) was an American singer , film and television actor .
Apichet Kittikorncharoen ( Thai : อภิเชษฐ์ กิตติกรเจริญ ; rtgs : Aphichet Kittikoncharoen , name later changed to Panrawat ( ปาณรวัฐ ) , 2 December 1982 -- 9 December 2007 ) was a Thai singer known under the stage name Big D2B.
Katharina Dalton ( 11 November 1916 -- 17 September 2004 ) was a British physician and pioneer in the research of premenstrual stress syndrome .
Anna of Masovia ( c. 1498 -- after 26 January 1557 in Jaroslaw ) was Princess of Mazovia and a member of the House of Piast .
Friedrich Burmeister ( 1890 - -1969 ) was a German geophysicist .
Louis E. Eliasberg , Sr . ( 1896 - -1976 ) was an American financier and numismatist .
Samuel Mearne ( 20 April 1624 -- May 1683 ) was an English Restoration bookbinder and publisher whose work is considered a high point of pre - industrial bookbinding .
Hieronymus Karl Graf von Colloredo - Mansfeld ( 30 March 1775 -- 23 July 1822 ) was an Austrian corps commander during the Napoleonic Wars .
Eduard Hedvicek ( Czech : Eduard Hedvíček ) was born in 1878 in Kojetín , Moravia , Austria - Hungary , now in the Czech Republic , and died 1947 in Vienna , Austria .
Trudeliese Schmidt ( 7 November 1942 − 24 June 2004 ) was a German operatic mezzosoprano who had an international career , performing at major opera houses and festivals in Europe .
Harvey Ladew Williams , Jr. ( 1900 - 1986 ) was an American businessman who received induction into the National Order of the Legion of Honour in 1962 for 47 years of service to the French government .
Publius Ostorius Scapula ( died 52 ) was a Roman statesman and general who governed Britain from 47 until his death , and was responsible for the defeat and capture of Caratacus .
Johann Bayer ( 1572 -- 7 March 1625 ) was a German lawyer and uranographer ( celestial cartographer ) .
Christopher Columbus Rogers ( 1846 - -1888 ) was a controversial and colorful Texan marshal and gunfighter .
Henry Opitek ( January 6 , 1911-March 1981 ) became the first patient to survive open heart surgery in 1952 .
Baron Karl Clodt von Jürgensburg ( Russian : Карл Фёдорович Клодт фон Юргенсбург ; 1765 - 1822 ) was a general in the Imperial Russian Army during the Napoleonic Wars .
Hamilton Bobby ( died 10 December 2011 ) was an Indian international footballer .
Ludwig Minkus ( Russian : Людвиг Минкус ) , also known as Léon Fyodorovich Minkus ( 23 March 1826 -- 7 December 1917 ) , was an Austrian composer of ballet music , a violin virtuoso and teacher .
Henrik Kacser FRSE ( 22 September 1918 -- 13 March 1995 ) was a biochemist and geneticist .
Sir Walter Massy - Greene KCMG ( 6 November 1874 -- 16 November 1952 ) was an Australian politician and businessman .
Stanley Myers ( 6 October 1930 -- 9 November 1993 ) was a British film composer who scored over sixty films .
Terence Miller ( 19 January 1918 -- 17 January 2015 ) was a British academic and professor of geology .
Jakov Nenadović ( Serbian : Јаков Ненадовић ; 1765 -- 1836 ) was the first Serbian interior minister .
Ismail Hadji Maulvi - Mohammed ( 1781 - -1831 ) , Muslim reformer , was born at Pholahnear Delhi , India .
Kilambi Ramanujachari ( 1853 - -1928 ) , shortly K. Ramanujachari , was an Indian lawyer and administrator .
Jacques de Chambly ( died 1687 ) was from a French military background and became a seigneur in the New World and a governor of Acadia .
Renié Conley ( 31 July 1901 - 12 June 1992 ) was a prominent Hollywood costume designer .
Aedh Ailghin ( died 767 ) was the 22nd King of Uí Maine .
Avrom Yanovsky ( 1911 - -1979 ) was a Canadian editorial cartoonist .
Frank Negri ( 1 November 1918 -- 8 August 1994 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Minkhaung II ( Burmese : ဒုတိယ မင်းခေါင် ( dṵtḭja̰ mɪ́ɴɡàʊɴ ) ; 9 October 1446 -- 7 April 1501 ) was king of Ava from 1480 to 1501 .
Ned Kick ( 12 October 1904 -- 24 February 1991 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert Otway - Cave ( 1796 -- 29 November 1844 ) , styled The Honourable from 1839 , was a British politician .
Richard Hambro ( 1946 - 2009 ) was a British heir , investment banker , horsebreeder and philanthropist .
Angel Metodiev ( Angel Metodiev Angelov , Bulgarian : Ангел Методиев Ангелов ) ( 16 March 1921- 29 April 1984 ) was a Bulgarian fine art painter ( Classical Realism ) and teacher .
Enzo Fiermonte ( 17 July 1908 -- 22 March 1993 ) , sometimes credited as William Bird , was an actor and boxer .
Leonard Albert Wiseman OBE BSc ARI.C CText FTI ( 4 November 1915 - 24 Jan 2009 ) , organic chemist , scientific intelligence analyst and scientific administrator .
Walter McFarland ( 1945 -- 15 August 2014 ) was a Northern Irish footballer and coach , who played for Irish League side Crusaders during the 1960s and 70s .
Frances Kirby Smith ( 1785 - -1875 ) was the mother of U.S. Civil War general Edmund Kirby Smith and a confederate spy who orchestrated transport of mail and military intelligence to the Confederate troops .
Sir Francis Simon , ( 2 July 1893 -- 31 October 1956 ) , was a German and later British physical chemist and physicist who devised the method , and confirmed its feasibility , of separating the isotope Uranium-235 and thus made a major contribution to the creation of the atomic bomb .
Isokichi Komine ( 1866 -- 3 October 1934 ) was an Australian pearl diver , merchant , and trader .
Wallace Woodworth ( 1832 - -1882 ) was a wealthy businessman and rancher in Los Angeles County , California , in the 19th century .
Vangjel Meksi ( 1770 - -1821 ) was an Albanian physician , writer , and translator .
Elizabeth Gould Davis ( 1910 - -1974 ) was an American librarian who wrote a feminist book called The First Sex .
Prof Chaudry Mohammad Aslam ( 1900 - -1965 ) was a Pakistani mathematician and renowned cartographer .
Joseph Schipfer ( 8 April 1761 -- 27 January 1843 ) was a German landowner and vine producer , today mostly known for his creation of the language Communicationssprache .
Nicholas Ivor Gotham , known as Nic Gotham , ( 27 September 1959 -- 25 July 2013 ) was a Canadian jazz saxophonist and composer .
Vilmos Kertész ( 21 March 1890 -- 1962 ) was a Hungarian international footballer who played alongside his two brothers , Gyula and Adolf .
Nicholas E. Wagman ( 1905 -- 1980 ) was an American astronomer and astrometrist .
Jan Pauwel Gillemans the Elder ( 1618 , Antwerp -- 1675 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Jabez Turner ( 1828 - -1899 ) was a former Mayor of Sacramento , California .
Rev Robert Boog Watson BA FRSE ( 26 September 1823 -- 23 June 1910 ) was a Scottish malacologist and minister of the Free Church of Scotland best known as the author of the report on the Scaphopoda and Gastropoda collected during the H.M.S. Challenger expedition to survey the world 's oceans from 1873 - 1876 .
Aḥmad III Abū Yaʿfar ibn ʿAbd al - Malik al - Mustanṣir ( died 5 February 1146 ) , called Sayf al - Dawla ( `` Sword of the Dynasty '' ) , latinised as Zafadola , was the last ruler of the Hudid dynasty .
Sioeli Nau also known as Joel Nau ( 1825 - -1895 ) was a Tongan Methodist minister .
Yolanda of Flanders ( in French , Yolande de Hainaut ; 1175 - -1219 ) ruled the Latin Empire in Constantinople for her son Philip of Namur from 1217 to 1219 .
Kees Brusse ( Dutch : ( ˈbrʏsə ) ; 26 February 1925 -- 9 December 2013 ) was a Dutch actor , film director and screenwriter .
Jill Esmond ( 26 January 1908 -- 28 July 1990 ) was an English stage and screen actress .
Alfred Pike Bissonnet ( 1914 - -1979 ) is a former Canadian diplomat .
Pope Sylvester II or Silvester II ( c. 946 -- 12 May 1003 ) was Pope from 2 April 999 to his death in 1003 .
Thomas Beighton ( 25 December 1790 -- 14 April 1844 ) was an English Protestant Christian missionary who served with the London Missionary Society to the Chinese people of Malaysia in the early nineteenth century .
Andrew George Malcolm ( 1818 - -1856 ) was an Irish physician and medical historian , who was employed by the General Hospital in Belfast .
Rodolfo Ostromann ( 22 December 1903 -- 5 September 1960 ) was an Austrian professional footballer , who played as a striker .
Şevki Balmumcu ( 1905 -- 20 April 1982 Istanbul ) was a Turkish architect who designed the Ankara Opera House .
Edwin Emery Slosson ( 7 June 1865 -- 15 October 1929 ) was an American magazine editor , author , journalist and chemist .
Pierre Henri Gauttier Duparc ( 1772 -- 1850 ) was a French Navy officer and admiral .
John Henry Alexander ( 1812 - -March 2 , 1867 ) was a noted scientist and businessman , born in Annapolis , Maryland in 1812 .
Henry Godolphin ( 1648 - -1733 ) was a Provost of Eton College and Dean of St. Paul 's Cathedral in London , a position in which he clashed with Sir Christopher Wren in the period when the new cathedral had reached the finishing touches .
Ma Sicong ( Chinese : 馬思聰 ; pinyin : Mǎ Sīcōng ; Wade -- Giles : Ma Szu - ts'ung ; May 7 , 1912 -- May 20 , 1987 ) was a Chinese violinist and composer .
Edward Lawrence Levy ( born 21 December 1851 -- May 1932 ) was a British weightlifter .
Huitzilatzin ( or Huitzillatzin ) ( died in the year Seven Reed/1499 ) was the first tlatoani ( ruler ) of the pre - Columbian altepetl ( ethnic state ) of Huitzilopochco ( now Churubusco ) in the Valley of Mexico .
Seydi Ali Reis ( 1498 - -1563 ) , formerly also written Sidi Ali Reis and Sidi Ali Ben Hossein , was an Ottoman admiral .
Alfred Barnard Basset FRS ( 25 July 1854 -- 5 December 1930 ) was a mathematician working on algebraic geometry , electrodynamics and hydrodynamics .
Sir James Alfred Ewing KCB FRS FRSE MInstitCE ( 27 March 1855 − 7 January 1935 ) was a Scottish physicist and engineer , best known for his work on the magnetic properties of metals and , in particular , for his discovery of , and coinage of the word , hysteresis .
Al - Mansur Yahya ( died 976 ) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen , whose tenure as imam is counted from 934 to 976 .
James Lord Bowes ( 21 June 1834 -- 27 October 1899 ) was a wealthy Liverpool ( UK ) wool broker , art collector and patron of the arts , author and authority on Japan and its art , and benefactor .
Larry Cunningham ( 13 February 1938 - 28 September 2012 ) was an Irish country music singer , who was one of the leading figures of the showband scene in the 1960s and 1970s .
William Thornhill ( c.1500 - -1557 ) , of Thornhill in Stalbridge , Dorset , was an English politician .
Ma'mun al - Hudaybi ( May 28 , 1921 -- January 8 , 2004 ) was the sixth General Guide of the Egyptian Muslim Brothers .
Girolamo Ruggieri ( 1662 - -1717 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Arthur Creech Jones ( 15 May 1891 -- 23 October 1964 ) was a British trade union official and politician .
Johannes Heer of Glarus ( 1489 - -1553 ) was a song composer and copyist , and later minister in the Reformed Church .
Alan Rowlands ( 1 March 1929 -- 2 January 2012 ) was an English pianist ( though born in Swansea , Wales ) who made notable contributions to British musical life both as a teacher and as a performer .
Jim Hitchmough ( 21 September 1934 -- May 1997 ) was a TV comedy writer , teacher and academic .
Sir George Sowley Holroyd ( 1758 - -1831 ) was an English lawyer and justice of the King 's Bench .
Eliyahu Speiser ( Hebrew : אליהו שפייזר‎ ; 23 March 1930 -- 12 November 2009 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1977 and 1988 .
C. Kesavan ( 23 May 1891 -- 7 July 1969 ) was the Chief Minister of Travancore - Cochin during 1950 - -1952 .
Digby Willoughby , 7th Baron Middleton ( 29 November 1769 -- 5 November 1856 ) was an English nobleman and sailor , the eldest son of Francis Willoughby of Hesley and Octavia Fisher , and grandson of Thomas Willoughby .
Jumabek Ibraimov ( Жумабек Ибраимович Ибраимов ) ( 1 January 1944 -- 4 April 1999 ) was a Kyrgyz politician .
Thomas Tunstall ( Tunstal ) ( executed at Norwich , 13 July 1616 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest .
William de Brit was Sheriff of Connacht until his death at the battle of Termon MacGrath in 1247 .
Arthur Nikisch ( Hungarian : Nikisch Artúr ; 12 October 1855 -- 23 January 1922 ) was a Hungarian conductor who performed internationally , holding posts in Boston , London and -- most importantly--
Arthur Edmondston , M.D. ( 1776 - -1841 ) was a Scottish physician and writer on the Shetland Isles .
Joseph Ashby ( 1859 -- 1919 ) was an agricultural trade unionist born in Tysoe , Warwickshire , England .
Charles Constantine Pise , SJ , ( 1801 - -1866 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and writer .
John Alured ( 1607 - -1651 ) was an army officer who fought for the parliamentary cause in the English Civil War and was one of the regicides of King Charles I in 1649 .
Te Rata Mahuta ( 1877 - -1880 ? -- 1 October 1933 ) was the fourth Māori King , reigning from 1912 to 1933 .
Air Marshal Sir ( Alfred ) Clifford Sanderson KBE , CB , DFC ( 19 February 1898 -- 28 January 1976 ) was a British Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding Far East Air Force .
Isaac ben Abba Mari ( c. 1122 -- c. 1193 ) was a Provençal rabbi and author of Ittur Soferim .
Polissena of San Macario ( died 1571 ) was an alleged Italian witch .
At age sixty - seven , Thomas Peter Lee died of a coronary occlusion on February 4 , 1939 , and he was buried at Glenwood Cemetery in Houston , two days later .
Percy Jeeves ( 5 March 1888 -- 22 July 1916 ) was a first - class cricketer from England , playing 50 matches for Warwickshire County Cricket Club from 1912 to 1914 .
Sir Thomas Glemham ( c. 1594 -- 1649 ) was an English soldier , landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1625 .
Bert Pronk ( 24 October 1950 -- 15 March 2005 ) was a Dutch road cyclist who won the Tour de Luxembourg and Ronde van Nederland in 1977 .
Sonya Noskowiak ( 25 November 1900 - 28 April 1975 ) was an American photographer and member of the famous San Francisco photography collective Group f/64 that included Ansel Adams and Edward Weston .
Angelo Di Pietro J.U.D. ( 22 May 1828 -- 5 December 1914 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Prefect of the Congregation of the Council .
Hellmuth Kneser ( 16 April 1898 -- 23 August 1973 ) was a Baltic German mathematician , who made notable contributions to group theory and topology .
Paul Erickson ( 22 November 1920 -- 27 October 1991 ) was a British screenwriter , most active in the 1950s and 1960s .
Imam - Quli Khan ( Persian : امامقلی خان‎‎، Emāmqolī Khan ) ( died 1633 ) was an Iranian military and political leader of Georgian origin who served as a governor of Fars , Lar and Bahrain for the shahs Abbas I and Safi .
John Patrick Morris ( 1894 - 31 July 1962 ) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Salford North from 1931 until 1945 .
George Malcolm - Smith ( 1901 - 1984 ) was an American novelist and jazz musicologist .
Joachim Lubomirski ( died 1610 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) .
Joe Lucy ( 2 February 1930 -- 21 July 1991 ) was a British boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1953 and 1955 and again between 1956 and 1957 .
Alfred Wainwright ( `` A.W. '' ) MBE ( 17 January 1907 -- 20 January 1991 ) was a British fellwalker , guidebook author and illustrator .
Subhashis Nag ( 14 August 1955 -- 22 December 1998 ) was an Indian mathematician who specialised in complex analytic geometry , particularly Teichmuller theory , and its relations to string theory .
Kaigetsudō Ando ( 壊月堂安度 , c. 1671 - -1743 ) , also known as Ando Yasunori , was a Japanese painter and the founder of the Kaigetsudō school of ukiyo - e art . Though influential and prolific , it is probable that many of the works attributed to him were painted by his disciples .
Iris Owens ( 1929 - 2008 ) , also known by her pseudonym Harriet Daimler , was an American novelist .
Johan Frederik ( Frits ) Nikolai Vermehren , also known as Frederik Vermehren , ( 12 May 1823 -- 10 January 1910 ) , Danish realistic genre and portrait painter , was born in Ringsted to glazier Peter Frederik Nikolai Vermehren and his wife Sofie Amalie .
Nageswara Rao Panditharadhyula ( 26 March 1912 - 13 November 1976 ) was a Telugu - language Indian journalist .
Nathaniel Elliot or Sheldon ( 1705 - 1780 ) , was an English Jesuit scholar .
Carl ( or Karl ) Heinrich Schultz ( 8 July 1798 in Altruppin -- 22 March 1871 ) , known as Carl Heinrich ' Schultzenstein ' Schultz , was a German physician and botanist .
Božidar Petranović ( 18 February 1809 -- 12 September 1874 ) was a Serbian author , scholar , journalist , and one of the leading historians of Serbian literature and a distinctive proponent of world literature .
Ivaniš Berislavić ( Latin : Joannes Berizlo ) was the Despot of the Kingdom of Serbia ( regni Rascie despotus ) from 1504 to 1514 .
Geordie Bourne ( or Burn ) ( died 1597 ) was a well - known thief or raider in the English East Marches land that bordered Scotland .
Edward Coke , Viscount Coke ( 2 February 1719 -- 31 August 1753 ) , styled The Hon . Edward Coke from 1728 to 1744 , was a British Member of Parliament .
Creighton Carvello ( 14 November 1944 -- 18 November 2008 ) was a British mnemonist .
Elsie Randolph ( 9 December 1904 -- 15 October 1982 ) was an English actress , singer and dancer .
Private Minnie Spotted - Wolf ( 1923 - -1988 ) was the first Native American woman to enlist in the United States Marine Corps .
Pokémon Channel , released in Japan as Pokémon Channel ~Together with Pikachu!~ ( ポケモンチャンネル ～ ピカチュウといっしょ ! ～ Pokemon Channeru ~Pikachū to Issho!~ ) , is a 2003 video game in the Pokémon series for the GameCube , developed by Ambrella and published by Nintendo and The Pokémon Company .
Thrillville is a simulation and strategy video game that depicts theme park management , very similar to RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 , which Frontier Developments also developed .
Hidden Invasion is a video game designed by Toka .
Azure Dreams ( アザーライフ アザードリームス Azā Raifu Azā Dorīmusu ) , is a PlayStation video game developed by Konami and was originally released in Japan on November 13 , 1997 .
4th & Inches is an American football sports game by Accolade .
Thomas Ferguson Rodger CBE FRCP Glas FRCP Ed FRCPsych ( 4 November 1907 -- 1 June 1978 ) was a Scottish physician who was Professor of Psychological Medicine at the University of Glasgow from 1948 to 1973 , and Emeritus Professor thereafter .
Charles Martin Le Quesne , son of Charles Thomas Le Quesne , was educated at Shrewsbury School and Exeter College , Oxford .
Colin de Land ( 1955- 2003 ) was a New York art dealer who ran `` Vox Populi '' , and then American Fine Arts , Co. De Land studied philosophy and linguistics at New York University and founded the Armory Show .
Rose Ann Scamardella graduated from Marymount Manhattan College with a B.A. in sociology in 1968 .
Jan Bach earned a Bachelor of Music degree in 1959 from the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign and a Doctor of Musical Arts degree in composition there in 1971 .
After his Matura , Hans Peter Haselsteiner studied business economics at the Vienna University of Economics and Business , from where he graduated in 1970 .
Born in Rabat , at 17 Amidou moved to Paris to attend the CNSAD .
Alain Badiou ( French : ( alɛ̃ badju ) ( listen ) ; born 17 January 1937 ) is a French philosopher , formerly chair of Philosophy at the École Normale Supérieure ( ENS ) and founder of the faculty of Philosophy of the Université de Paris VIII with Gilles Deleuze , Michel Foucault and Jean - François Lyotard .
Born in Bydgoszcz , Poland , Joanna Rajkowska studied painting at the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków , Poland ( 1988 - -1993 ) , and art history at Jagiellonian University , Kraków , Poland ( 1988 - -1993 ) .
Adolphus Ypey or Adolphus Ypeus or Adolf Ypey ( 4 June 1749 , Franeker - 27 February 1822 , Leiden ) , was a Dutch botanist and Doctor of Philosophy and Medicine who graduated at the University of Franeker and stayed on to lecture in botany .
Born to Russian - Jewish parents and raised in the Bronx , Marian Zazeela was educated at the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts and at Bennington College where she studied with Paul Feeley , Eugene C. Goossen and Tony Smith .
1971 Eric Staller completed a Bachelor Degree in Architecture at the University of Michigan .
She was born Laura Reichenthal in New York to a family of Austrian Jewish immigrants , and educated at Cornell University , where she began to write poetry , publishing first ( 1923 - -26 ) under the name Laura Riding Gottschalk .
David Bergeron attended Lakeridge High School , after graduating high school he went to college at Stanford University .
Emma Bates is a 12-time All American and the 2014 NCAA 10,000 champion at Boise State University .
When he was eighteen , Harvey Littleton enrolled at the University of Michigan to study physics .
Virendra Verma was educated in J.H. School in Shamli , then DAV / SD High School in Muzaffarnagar and after his graduation attained an L.L.B. in 1943 from Meerut College , Meerut .
Anthony Radziwill was raised Roman Catholic there ; he attended Colet Court preparatory school in London , and later Choate Rosemary Hall preparatory school in Wallingford , Connecticut , graduating in 1978 .
John Ellis Martineau was born in Clay County in western Missouri and graduated from the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville in 1896 and obtained his law degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law in 1899 .
Amy Peikoff studied at the University of California , Los Angeles , where she earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics and Applied Science in 1992 and her Juris Doctor in 1998 , having attended her first year of law school at Pepperdine University .
Charles - Ange Laisant ( 1 November 1841 -- 5 May 1920 ) , French politician and mathematician , was born at Indre , near Nantes on 1 November 1841 , and was educated at the École Polytechnique as a military engineer .
Eduardo Rabossi was born in Buenos Aires on March 20 , 1930 and graduated in Law at the University of Buenos Aires .
Andrew Weinreich graduated cum laude with a B.A. in American History from the University of Pennsylvania in 1990 .
Dan Wikler earned Highest Honors in Philosophy at Oberlin College in Ohio , where he received the baccalaureate degree in 1967 .
Dennis Reid received his B.A. and M.A. from the University of Toronto .
After studying mathematics and computer science in Amsterdam , Frank van Harmelen moved to the Department of AI of the University of Edinburgh , where he was awarded a PhD in 1989 for his research on meta - level reasoning .
Born in Sverdlovsk , Valery Tishkov attended Moscow State University , where he received a B.A. in 1964 .
Matthew Barley was born near Sheffield and trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London and the Moscow Conservatoire .
Carole Bromley is a British poet , and creative writing tutor for the University of York .
Born and raised in Toronto , Ontario , Gary Archibald is a graduate of the University of Toronto , Centennial College , and Mississippi State University .
Tim Cordes is a blind American physician who earned a Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison in 2005 , and is the second blind person ever to be accepted to an American school of medicine .
The Very Right Reverend Monsignor John L. McNulty , Ph.D. , ( b. 1898 ) was an American Roman Catholic Domestic prelate and the 13th President of Seton Hall University .
Gu Kailai gained a degree in law and then a masters in international politics from Peking University .
Jacqueline Rowarth was born in the UK in 1956 , and has a PhD in soil science from Massey University ( 1987 ) .
John Hubert Lacey MD FRCPsych ( born 4 November 1944 ) is a British psychiatrist who is professor of psychiatry at St George 's , University of London .
Winthrop family , Cameron Kerry graduated from Harvard College in 1972 , and Boston College Law School in 1978 .
Satabdi Roy passed her Madhyamik from Sorojini High School in 1986 and later attended Jogamaya Devi College , a women 's college affiliated to the University of Calcutta .
Randall Robinson graduated from Virginia Union University , and earned a law degree at Harvard Law School .
Lucyna Kulińska graduated from the Faculty of History in the Jagiellonian University in 1978 .
Born in Alexandria , West Dunbartonshire , the grandson of Scotland international William McColl , Ian McColl developed his footballing skills with Vale of Leven juniors while at Vale of Leven F.C. He joined Queen 's Park in 1943 when he moved to Glasgow to study engineering at the University of Glasgow .
Philip Carr - Gomm was born in London , raised in Notting Hill Gate , and educated at Westminster School and University College London .
Sidney Burbank attended the United States Military Academy at West Point , New York , graduating 17th in a class of 46 in 1829 .
Krishna Saraswat is a professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University in the United States .
Robert Pink D.D. ( Pinck , Pincke , Pinke ) ( 1573 -- 2 November 1647 ) was an English clergyman and academic , a supporter of William Laud as Warden of New College , Oxford , and later a royalist imprisoned by Parliament .
Raymond H. Fogler was born in Hope , Maine and educated at the University of Maine , receiving a bachelor 's degree in biology in 1915 .
Hall Bartlett was born in Kansas City , Missouri , he graduated from Yale University Phi Beta Kappa , and was a Rhodes Scholar nominee .
Zhou Weihui , known in the West as Wei Hui , studied Chinese Language and Literature at Fudan University in Shanghai , after a year of military training .
An English major who graduated from Waseda University , one of Japan 's most prestigious , in 1935 , Motoyoshi Oda was promptly accepted into the directors ' program at Tokyo 's P.C.L. ( Photo Chemical Laboratories , a film company later incorporated into Toho Studios ) .
Jane Corbin was educated at King 's College London , graduating with a degree in English in 1975 .
Larry Chapman was the college basketball head coach for Auburn University at Montgomery and was for 37 years .
Claude Baker attained a B.M. degree , magna cum laude , from East Carolina University in 1970 .
Patrick Kron started his education after high school at Collège - lycée Jacques - Decour as a young boy at the elite university École Polytechnique in Paris .
Frederick Vinton Hunt ( February 15 , 1905 -- Buffalo , New York , April 21 , 1972 ) was an inventor , a scientist and a professor at Harvard University who worked in the field of acoustic engineering .
Dan Ackman is an American journalist and civil rights lawyer , who graduated from Wesleyan University and Columbia Law School .
Born in Akron , Ohio to Catherine and Harry Dicopoulos , Frank Dicopoulos majored in psychology and minored in art and drama at Kenyon College in Gambier , Ohio .
Wyndham Halswelle had a notable athletic career at Charterhouse School and the Royal Military College , Sandhurst , before being commissioned into the Highland Light Infantry in 1901 .
Michelle Lopez received her B.A. in literature and art history in 1992 at Barnard College , and she received her M.F.A in 1994 at The School of Visual Arts .
A 6-foot-11 center out of Loyola University Chicago , LaRue Martin entered the NBA with much fanfare in 1972 .
Rev. Heng Sure earned an MA degree in Oriental Languages from the University of California , Berkeley , in 1976 and a PhD in Religion from the Graduate Theological Union , Berkeley , in 2003 .
Michael Wishnie is a Clinical Professor of Law at Yale Law School .
Harry Ostrer graduated in 1972 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( Physics , Course 8) .
Alon Harel ( born 1957 ) is a law professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , where he holds the Phillip P. Mizock & Estelle Mizock Chair in Administrative and Criminal Law .
William Robert Ming , Jr. ( May 7 , 1911 -- June 30 , 1973 ) was an American lawyer , attorney with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) and law professor at University of Chicago Law School and Howard University School of Law .
After brief periods of study at the Lu Xun Academy in Beijing and Shanghai 's Fudan University , Hong Ying moved to London in 1991 where she settled as a writer .
John Yonge ( c. 1465 -- 25 April 1516 ) , English ecclesiastic and diplomatist , was born at Upper Heyford , Oxfordshire , and educated at Winchester and New College , Oxford , where he became a fellow in 1485 .
Born in Gothenburg , Sweden , PewDiePie originally pursued a degree in Industrial Economics and Technology Management at Chalmers University of Technology .
Jan Christiansen came to Trondheim in 1965 as student at the Norwegian Institute of Technology .
Bob Bolen initially enrolled at Texas A&M University , but left the school to enlist in the U.S. Navy during World War II . He served as a gunnery officer on board the USS Iowa ( BB-61 ) during the war .
Ferdinand Buisson was a student at the Lycée Condorcet , then received his aggrégation in philosophy .
Derrick de Kerckhove ( born 1944 ) is the author of The Skin of Culture and Connected Intelligence and Professor in the Department of French at the University of Toronto , Canada .
Orville Vernon Burton is a professor of history at Clemson University and Director of the Clemson CyberInstitute .
Richard Eastell MD , FRCP ( London , Edinburgh , Ireland ) , FRCPath , FMedSci ( born 12 February 1953 ) is a British medical doctor and Professor of Bone Metabolism at the University of Sheffield .
Matthew J. Holman ( born 1967 ) is a Smithsonian Astrophysicist and lecturer at Harvard University .
Qiudong Wang is a Professor at the Department of Mathematics , the University of Arizona .
Liu Honggao was born in 923 , his mother was Consort Xie Yiqing who was favored by his father Liu Yan , and he was Liu Yan 's 10th son .
Jean Coquelin ( 1865 - -1944 ) was a French film and stage actor and the son of Benoît - Constant Coquelin .
Morgan O'Connell ( 31 October 1804 -- 20 January 1885 ) , soldier , politician and son of Daniel O'Connell , the Liberator .
Mary Cohan ( 1909 - -1983 ) , aka Mary Cohan Ronkin , a Broadway composer and lyricist , and the middle daughter of vaudeville and Broadway legend George M. Cohan .
Joost de Lalaing was the eldest son of Simon de Lalaing .
Coventry Ordnance Works was a British manufacturer of heavy guns particularly naval artillery jointly owned by Cammell Laird & Co of Sheffield and Birkenhead , Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company of Govan , Glasgow and John Brown & Company of Clydebank and Sheffield .
DMOZ was founded in the United States as Gnuhoo by Rich Skrenta and Bob Truel in 1998 while they were both working as engineers for Sun Microsystems .
Aircel Comics ( a.k.a . Aircel Publishing ) was a Canadian comic book publisher founded by Barry Blair , based in Ottawa and active between 1985 and 1994 .
Famous Stars and Straps ( or simply Famous ) is an American clothing and accessory line created by blink-182 drummer Travis Barker in December 1999 .
Fischer - Chöre ( Fischer choirs ) is a group of children choirs , youth choirs , men choirs , and mixed choirs that are singing under the direction of Gotthilf Fischer ; they are based in the Stuttgart area .
Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p . A. is a family controlled Italian pharmaceutical company based in Parma , Emilia - Romagna .
Comet Group was an electrical retail chain trading in the United Kingdom , latterly owned by OpCapita .
Andrew Handyside and Company was an iron founder in Derby , England , in the nineteenth century .
AGCO Corporation is an American agricultural equipment manufacturer based in Duluth , Georgia , United States .
Buzz Foto held the first modern day paparazzi exhibition at the Seyhoun Gallery in Beverly Hills , California , USA .
Rudolf Jansen ( born January 19 , 1940 in Arnhem ) is a Dutch pianist , who studied piano , organ and harpsichord simultaneously at the Conservatoire of Amsterdam .
Henri Mulet ( 12 October 1878 - 20 September 1967 ) was a French composer , organ , harmonium and cello player .
Henk van Lijnschooten went to his local music school for violin and clarinet lessons .
Barney Liddell ( August 13 , 1921 -- May 5 , 2003 ) was an American born big band musician from television 's The Lawrence Welk Show , his instrument was the trombone .
Salil Bhatt is an Indian slide guitar player .
Ruth Underwood ( born Ruth Komanoff , May 23 , 1946 ) is a retired professional musician , best known for playing xylophone , marimba , vibraphone and other percussion instruments in Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention .
Ralph Mooney ( September 16 , 1928 -- March 20 , 2011 ) was a well - known steel guitar player .
Scott Englebright ( born July 17 , 1971 ) is an American jazz trumpet player .
In 1998 Craig Morris also had a short stint with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra as Fourth / Utility trumpet .
Verne Fiedler was a professional guitarist and banjo player .
Stan Cullimore ( born Ian Peter Cullimore , 6 May 1962 , Hull , England ) played guitar , between 1983 and 1988 , for the Hull - based indie rock band The Housemartins .
Mo Foster is a British session musician , playing primarily jazz , jazz - fusion and rock bass guitar .
Sonatas for violin and piano ( Apapaziz ) 2001 No Piano on That One ( Apapaziz ) 2002 Vivaldi 's Four Seasons `` ( Apapaziz ) 2003 Gilles Apap and The Sinfonia Varsovia ( Apapaziz ) 2006 Gilles Apap :
Herman Marquis is a Jamaican saxophone musician who has played with many reggae artists including Burning Spear .
Rafe Stefanini ( first name rhymes with `` safe '' ) is an old - time banjo player , fiddler , guitarist , singer , teacher , violin maker , and restorer .
Pannalal Ghosh ( 24 July 1911 -- 20 April 1960 ) , also known as Amal - Jyoti Ghosh ( অমলজ্যোতি ঘোষ ) , was a Bangladeshi descent Indian flute ( bansuri ) player and composer .
Johnny O'Leary ( 6 June 1923 -- 9 February 2004 ) was a noted Irish traditional musician from Sliabh Luachra who played the button accordion .
Nuru Kane ( born Papa Nouroudine Kane ) is a Senegalese singer / songwriter who plays guitar , bass and guimbri , a three - stringed Moroccan bass in the band Bayefall Gnawa .
Kristoffer Kompen ( born 14 August 1984 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( trombone ) and composer , known from a series of performances and recordings within bands like `` Jazzin ' Babies '' and with musicians like Eirik Hegdal , Eyolf Dale , David Skinner , Håkon Storm - Mathisen and Kåre Nymark .
Shamek Farrah is an alto saxophone player , who was featured on many Strata - East Records albums , and released two albums on the label as leader .
Margaret Barry ( 1917 - -1989 ) was an Irish Traveller , traditional singer and banjo player .
Willis is also the author of four books for bass guitar , `` Fingerboard Harmony for Bass '' , `` The Gary Willis Collection '' , `` Ultimate Ear Training for Guitar and Bass '' and `` 101 Bass Tips '' all published by Hal Leonard .
Kathryn Tickell OBE DL ( born 8 June 1967 ) is an English player of the Northumbrian smallpipes and fiddle .
Donald Stanley Hasty ( most often D. Stanley Hasty or just Stanley Hasty ) ( February 21 , 1920 - June 22 , 2011 ) was professor emeritus of clarinet at the Eastman School of Music .
Ben Janssen is a guitar player from the Netherlands .
Pierre François le Courayer ( 17 November 1681 -- 17 October 1776 ) was a French Catholic theological writer , for many years an expatriate in England .
Roberto Simanowski ( born 1963 ) is a German scholar of literature and media studies and editor of dichtung - digital , a journal for contributions on digital aesthetics , which he founded in 1999 .
Cyril Atanassoff ( born in Puteaux on 30 June 1941 ) is a Bulgarian dancer originally from French .
Cayetana Guillén Cuervo , ( Madrid , June 13 , 1969 ) is a Spanish actress and TV presenter .
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón y Ariza ( 10 March 1833 -- 19 July 1891 ) was a nineteenth - century Spanish novelist , author of the novel El Sombrero de Tres Picos ( The Three - Cornered Hat , 1874 ) .
Flavio Testi ( 4 January 1923 in Florence -- 14 January 2014 in Milan ) was an Italian composer of contemporary classical music and musicologist .
Massimo Rotundo ( born 11 April 1955 ) is an Italian comics artist .
Leopoldo Querol ( November 15 , 1899 -- August 26 , 1985 ) was a Spanish classical pianist .
Dimitrija Čupovski ( Macedonian : Димитрија Чуповски ) ( November 8 , 1878 -- October 29 , 1940 ) was a Macedonian textbook writer and lexicographer .
Božin Pavlovski ( Macedonian : Божин Павловски ) is a Macedonian , Australian , and known European novelist translated in more than twenty languages , who has lived in Australia for the past three decades , is in the prime of his creative life .
Marta Gastón Menal ( 2 February 1973 -- ) is a Spanish politician .
Robert Brightiffe ( c. 1666 -- 22 September 1749 ) was an English barrister , Member of Parliament , and Recorder .
Pierre - Yves Trémois ( born 8 January 1921 in Paris ) is a French visual artist and sculptor .
John Bacon Sawrey Morritt ( 1772 ? -- 1843 ) was an English traveller , politician and classical scholar .
Gaspar de Molina y Saldívar ( 1741 - -1806 ) was a Spanish architect , painter , poet and writer .
Elena Runggaldier ( born Bolzano , 10 July 1990 ) is an Italian ski jumper and Nordic combined skier , who represents G.S. Fiamme Gialle .
Matilda Koen - Sarano ( in Hebrew : מתילדה כהן - סראנו ) , is an Israeli writer , born in Milan , Italy in 1939 to Turkish Jewish parents is one of the most widely known writers in the Ladino language .
Abraham Cresques ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əβɾəˈam ˈkɾeskəs ) , 1325 - -1387 ) , whose real name was Cresques ( son of ) Abraham , was a 14th - century Jewish cartographer from Palma , Majorca ( then part of the Crown of Aragon ) .
Nicolas - François Dupré de Saint - Maur ( 1695 , Paris -- 30 November 1774 ) was a French economist and statistician .
Hans Krieger ( born 13 March 1933 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German writer , essayist , journalist of influential weekly papers such as Die Zeit , broadcaster and poet .
Hermann Bonitz ( 29 July 1814 -- 25 July 1888 ) , German scholar , was born at Langensalza in Prussian Saxony .
Marie Poussepin ( 14 October 1653 -- 24 January 1744 ) was a French Dominican who founded the congregation of the Dominican Sisters of Charity of the Presentation .
Ryan Gander ( born 1976 ) is an English artist , born in Chester , who lives and works between London and Suffolk .
Sofonisba Anguissola ( c. 1532 -- 16 November 1625 ) , also known as Sophonisba Angussola or Anguisciola , was an Italian Renaissance painter born in Cremona to a noble family , but a relatively poor one .
Uwe Tellkamp ( born October 28 , 1968 in Dresden , Germany ) is a German writer and physician .
Clément Philibert Léo Delibes ( French : ( dəlib ) ; 21 February 1836 -- 16 January 1891 ) was a French composer of the Romantic era ( 1815 - -1910 ) , specialised in ballets , operas , and other works for the stage .
Walerian Borowczyk ( 2 September 1923 -- 3 February 2006 ) was an internationally known Polish film director described by film critics as a ' genius who also happened to be a pornographer ' .
Colette Audry ( 6 July 1906 -- 20 October 1990 ) was a French novelist , screenwriter , and critic .
Enrique Líster Forján ( April 21 , 1907 -- December 8 , 1994 ) was a Spanish communist politician and military officer .
Hailji is a modern Korean writer whose series of `` Racetrack '' novels created controversy in Korea .
Luciano Damiani ( 1923 - -2007 ) was an Italian stage and costume designer , who worked both for theatre and opera productions .
Nazriya Nazim ( born 20 December 1994 ) is an Indian film actress who has starred in Malayalam and Tamil films .
Baron Samuel von Pufendorf ( 8 January 1632 -- 13 October 1694 ) was a German jurist , political philosopher , economist , statesman , and historian .
José Manuel Martín Pérez ( born May 24 , 1924 ) is a retired Spanish film and television actor , radio broadcaster , and screenwriter .
Yosl Bergner ( Hebrew : יוסל ברגנר‎ ; born 13 October 1920 ) is an Israeli painter .
Javier Botet López ( Ciudad Real , 31 July 1977 ) is a Spanish actor , film director and illustrator .
Shivaji Guruvayoor is a film actor in Malayalam cinema .
Mario Oliverio ( b. San Giovanni in Fiore on January 4 , 1953 ) is an Italian politician .
Lothar Engelhardt ( July 5 , 1939 -- March 2010 ) was a graduated military scientist , major general , and the last Commander in Chief of the National People 's Army in the former German Democratic Republic .
Michael Siebler ( born 1956 ) is a German journalist and classical archaeologist .
Vicente Allanegui y Lusarreta ( 1868 - -1948 ) was an Aragonese priest and composer born in Calanda in the Spanish comarca of Bajo Aragón .
Jean - Marie Périer ( born 1 February 1940 ) is a French photographer and film director .
Luis de Guindos Jurado ( born January 16 , 1960 ) is a Spanish politician and currently the Minister of Economy and Competitiveness of Spain .
Jaume Barberà i Ribas ( Mollet del Vallès , 1955 ) is a Catalan director and TV presenter Since 2014 he has directed and presents the program Retrats and takes part in talk shows on RAC 1 .
Min Yu Wai ( Burmese : မင်းယုဝေ ; born Win Maung ) is a prolific Burmese writer .
Charles de La Porte ( 1602 , Paris -- 8 February 1664 , Paris ) was a French nobleman and general .
Jonas Gardell , born 2 November 1963 in Enebyberg , Stockholm County , is a Swedish novelist , playwright , screenwriter and comedian .
Birgitta Ahlqvist , born 1948 , is a Swedish social democratic politician , She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 to 1995 , and then again from 1998 to 2006 .
Adelaide Anne Procter ( 30 October 1825 -- 2 February 1864 ) was an English poet and philanthropist .
Veronica Micle ( born Ana Câmpeanu ; April 22 , 1850 - -August 3 , 1889 ) was an Imperial Austrian - born Romanian poet , whose work was influenced by Romanticism .
Hans Multscher ( ca . 1400 - -1467 ) was a German sculptor and painter .
Leopoldo Cano y Masas ( November 13 , 1844 -- 1934 ) was a Spanish soldier , poet and playwright associated with the Realist movement .
Arnobius the Younger ( Latin : Arnobius Junior ) , Christian priest or bishop in Gaul , wrote from Rome around the year 460 .
Renata Tarragó Fábregas ( 1927-August 2 , 2005 ) , a Catalan guitarist and vihuelist , was a teacher and performer , both as a solo artist and an accompanist .
Franjo Tuđman ( Croatian pronunciation : ( frǎːɲo tûd͡ʑman ) ; 14 May 1922 -- 10 December 1999 ) was a Croatian politician and historian .
John Newbery ( 9 July 1713 -- 22 December 1767 ) , called `` The Father of Children 's Literature '' , was an English publisher of books who first made children 's literature a sustainable and profitable part of the literary market .
Norman Robert Campbell ( 1880 - -1949 ) was an English physicist and philosopher of science .
Christian Rohlfs ( November 22 , 1849 -- January 8 , 1938 ) was a German painter , one of the important representatives of German expressionism .
William Fuller - Maitland ( 6 May 1844 -- 15 November 1932 ) was an English art collector and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1875 to 1895 .
Albin de la Simone ( born in Amiens , Picardy , France on 14 December 1970 ) is a French singer - songwriter .
Dieter Borchmeyer ( born 3 May 1941 in Essen ) is a German literary critic .
Ciriaco Morón Arroyo ( b. Pastrana , 8 August 1935 ) is a Spanish philologist and professor .
Conxita Julià i Farrés ( Catalan pronunciation : ( kun'tʃitə ʒuli'a i fə'rez ) ) ( born on 11 June 1920 ) , also known as Conxita de Carrasco , is a Catalan woman noted for her dealings with Lluís Companys , President of Catalonia , in the 1930s , and for her poetry .
Francisco Mendoza de Bobadilla ( 25 September 1508 -- 1 December 1566 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic Cardinal .
Victor Henry ( 1850 - -1907 ) was a French philologist , born at Colmar in Alsace .
Middleton Onslow ( 17 April 1732 -- 1801 ) was an English landowner , who briefly entered Parliament on behalf of the senior branch of his family .
Johannes Fried ( born 23 May 1942 , in Hamburg ) is a German historian and mediaevalist .
Dan Zahavi is a Danish philosopher .
Julian Croft ( born 31 May 1941 ) is an Australian poet and Emeritus Professor of English , University of New England .
Francisco Manuel Perea Bilbao ( born November 20 , 1978 , in Málaga , Andalucía , Spain ) , professionally known as Fran Perea , is a Spanish actor and singer .
Édouard Manet ( US /mæˈneɪ/ or UK /ˈmæneɪ/ ; French : ( edwaʁ manɛ ) ; 23 January 1832 -- 30 April 1883 ) was a French painter .
Hermann Baumgarten ( 28 April 1825 in Wolfenbüttel , Duchy of Brunswick -- 19 June 1893 ) was a German historian and a political publicist whose work had a major impact on liberalism during the unification of Germany .
Hugo Häring ( 11 May 1882 -- 17 May 1958 ) was a German architect and architectural writer best known for his writings on `` organic architecture '' , and as a figure in architectural debates about functionalism in the 1920s and 1930s , though he had an important role as an expressionist architect .
Eva Gonzalès ( April 19 , 1849 -- May 6 , 1883 ) was a French Impressionist painter .
Émile Étienne Guimet ( 26 June 1836 - 12 August 1918 ) was a French industrialist , traveler and connoisseur .
Antoine Faivre ( born in Reims June 5 , 1934 ) is a prominent French scholar of Western esotericism .
Hans Steinhoff ( 10 March 1882 - 20 April 1945 ) was a German film director , best known for the films he made in the Nazi era .
Anton Braith ( 2 September 1836 , Biberach an der Riß - 3 January 1905 , Biberach an der Riß ) was a German landscape and animal painter .
Joaquín de Frías y Moya ( Cádiz , Spain , 1784 -- Madrid , Spain , 1851 ) was a Spanish military figure and politician who served as Minister of State and of Marine in 1843 .
Ingo Schulze ( born 15 December 1962 ) is a German writer born in Dresden in former East Germany .
Zheng Zhenduo ( Cheng Chen - to ; December 19 , 1898 -- October 17 , 1958 ) , courtesy name Xidi , was a Chinese journalist , writer , archaeologist and scholar .
Golo Mann , originally a Bavarian German , held Czechoslovakian citizenship from 1936 on , American 1943 - -68 , Swiss from 1968 on and additionally German since 1976 .
Monica Mary Gardner ( 26 June 1873 -- 16 April 1941 ) was an English writer on Poland and Polish writers and a translator of Polish literature .
Johann Jakob Bodmer ( 19 July 1698 -- 2 January 1783 ) was a German - Swiss author , academic , critic and poet .
Alfonso Sánchez Izquierdo ( born 1949 in Sidi Ifni ) is a Spanish journalist and broadcast executive .
Hieronymus Fabricius or Girolamo Fabrizio or by his Latin name Fabricus ab Aquapendente also Girolamo Fabrizi d'Acquapendente ( 1537 - -1619 ) was a pioneering anatomist and surgeon known in medical science as `` The Father of Embryology . ''
José Luis de Oriol y Urigüen , 2nd Marquis of Casa Oriol ( 1877 -- 1972 ) , was a Spanish businessman , architect and a conservative / Carlist politician .
José Raúl Capablanca , the second surviving son of a Spanish army officer , was born in Havana on November 19 , 1888 .
Giuseppe Scaraffia is an Italian writer and professor .
Bernardo Lecocq ( 10 Feb 1734 -- 7 Dec1820 ) was a Spanish military engineer .
Georg Leo Graf von Caprivi de Caprera de Montecuccoli ( English : Count George Leo of Caprivi , Caprera , and Montecuccoli , born Georg Leo von Caprivi ; 24 February 1831 -- 6 February 1899 ) was a German general and statesman who succeeded Otto von Bismarck as Chancellor of Germany .
Adolfo Suárez Illana ( born 5 May 1964 ) is a Spanish politician , lawyer , author and aficionado - practitioner of bullfighting .
Reema Lagoo ( Marathi : रीमा लागु ) ( born 1958 ) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Marathi and Hindi films and television shows .
Paul Oscar Blocq ( 1860 - -1896 ) was a French pathologist who is remembered for his neuropathological work done with Jean - Martin Charcot ( 1825 - 1893 ) and Gheorghe Marinescu ( 1863 - 1938 ) at the Salpêtrière in Paris .
André Hunebelle was a French maître verrier ( master glassmaker ) and film director .
Sándor Reményik ( 30 August 1890 , Kolozsvár , Austria - Hungary -- 24 October 1941 , Kolozsvár ) was a Hungarian poet .
Adrián Ripa Cruz ( born 12 August 1985 in Épila , Zaragoza , Aragon ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Numancia as a left back .
Christophe Maé ( born 16 October 1975 in Carpentras , Vaucluse ) is a French pop singer .
Kim Si - seup ( 1435 - -1493 ) was a Korean scholar and author .
Ģirts Valdis Kristovskis ( born 19 February 1962 in Ventspils ) is a Latvian politician .
Dinu C. Giurescu ( born February 15 , 1927 , Bucharest ) is a Romanian historian and politician .
Daniel Sada ( 25 February 1953 Mexicali , Baja California -- 18 November 2011 Mexico DF ) was a Mexican poet , journalist and writer , whose work has been hailed as one of the most important contributions to the Spanish language .
Philippe - Frédéric Blandin ( 2 December 1798 -- 16 April 1849 ) was a French surgeon born in Aubigny , department of Cher .
Antoine Thiout the elder ( Paris , 1692 - -1767 ) was a French clockmaker .
Stanisław Trembecki ( 1739 - -1812 ) was a Polish Enlightenment poet , well known for his poems Na dzień siódmy września and Nadgrobek hajduka , which are said to have started a new trend in Polish political lyric poetry .
Vyacheslav Adamczyk ( Belarusian : Вячаслаў Уладзіміравіч Адамчык ) ( 1 November 1933 - 5 August 2001 ) was a Belarusian journalist , writer , playwright and screenwriter .
Józef Czechowicz ( 15 March 1903 -- 9 September 1939 ) was an avant - garde Polish poet .
Jean - Michel Ponzio ( born 30 January 1967 ) is a French comics artist and illustrator .
Patrick O'Brian , CBE ( 12 December 1914 -- 2 January 2000 ) , born Richard Patrick Russ , was an English novelist and translator , best known for his Aubrey--
Óscar Faura is a Spanish director of photography .
Éric Hérenguel ( born 20 October 1966 in Douai ) is a French comics artist and comic book creator .
Armando Dionisi ( born on 11 October 1949 in Canterano ) is an Italian politician , and was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in the 2006 General election .
Gonzalo Rabuñal Rios ( born 1 August 1984 in Arteixo ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who last rode for UCI Professional Continental team Xacobeo - Galicia .
Johann Samuel Ersch ( June 23 , 1766 -- January 16 , 1828 ) was a German bibliographer , generally regarded as the founder of German bibliography .
Francesco Ambrosi ( November 17 , 1821 - - 9 April 1897 ) was an Italian botanist , librarian ethnologue and historian .
Victor Scipion Charles Auguste de La Garde de Chambonas ( 1750 - -1830 ) was a mayor of Sens , brigadier general , and French foreign minister , at the beginning of the French Revolution .
Reenu Mathews is an Indian film actress acted in Malayalam films .
Léon Roques ( born 24 October 1839 in Aurignac , dead 1923 ) was a French transcriber who is best known for his transcriptions of Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel .
Maja Beutler ( born December 8 , 1936 , in Bern ) is a German language Swiss writer .
Antero Rubín Homent ( February 15 , 1851 - May 1 , 1935 ) was a Spanish general and politician noted for his long service in Cuba .
Shevah Weiss ( Hebrew : שבח וייס‎ , Polish : Szewach Weiss , born 5 July 1935 ) , is an Israeli political scientist and former politician .
Camille Maurane ( November 29 , 1911 -- January 21 , 2010 ) , born Camille Moreau , was a French baryton - martin singer .
Carlo Severi ( born December 9 , 1952 ) is an Italian anthropologist who works chiefly in France .
Jean - Marc Berlière is a French historian who specialises in the history to the French police .
Sir James Thornhill ( 25 July 1675 or 1676 -- 4 May 1734 ) was an English painter of historical subjects working in the Italian baroque tradition .
Rey Chow ( Chinese : 周蕾 ) is a cultural critic , specializing in 20th - century Chinese fiction and film and postcolonial theory .
Ulrich Beck ( May 15 , 1944 -- January 1 , 2015 ) was a well known German sociologist , and one of the most cited social scientists in the world during his lifetime .
René Malbrant ( 8 March 1903 -- 25 November 1961 ) was a French veterinarian and conservative politician .
Inger Schörling , ( born 7 March 1946 in Kalvträsk ) is a Swedish politician for the Miljöpartiet .
Chantal Maillard ( born 1951 ) is a contemporary Spanish poet and philosopher .
Ehud Manor ( Hebrew : אהוד מנור ; born Ehud Weiner ; July 13 , 1941 -- April 12 , 2005 ) was an Israeli songwriter , translator , and radio and TV personality .
Bogdan Suchodolski ( 27 December 1903 -- 2 October 1992 ) was a Polish philosopher , historian of science and culture and teacher .
John Constable , RA ( /ˈkʌnstəbəlˌ ˈkɒn-/ ; 11 June 1776 -- 31 March 1837 ) was an English Romantic painter .
Bengt Linder , born 1929 in Härnösand , died 1985 was a Swedish writer and journalist .
Ahn Changho , sometimes An Chang - ho ( Korean pronunciation : ( antɕʰaŋho ) ; Hangul : 안창호 ; hanja : 安昌浩 , November 9 , 1878 - March 10 , 1938 ) was a Korean independence activist and one of the early leaders of the Korean - American immigrant community in the United States .
Bruna Surfistinha ( Portuguese for `` Little Surfer Bruna '' ) is the pen name of Raquel Pacheco , a Brazilian former sex worker who attracted the attention of Brazilian media and television by publishing , in a blog , her sexual experiences with clients .
Arsenio Linares y Pombo ( 1848 -- 1914 ) was a Spanish military man and government official .
John Clare ( 13 July 1793 -- 20 May 1864 ) was an English poet , the son of a farm labourer , who came to be known for his celebratory representations of the English countryside and his lamentation of its disruption .
Czesław Madajczyk ( 27 May 1921 , Jarocin -- 15 February 2008 ) was a Polish historian .
Giorgio Bassani ( 4 March 1916 -- 13 April 2000 ) was an Italian novelist , poet , essayist , editor , and international intellectual .
Michael Kumpfmüller ( born 21 July 1961 in Munich ) is a German writer and former journalist .
Eva Verona ( February 1 , 1905 - May 19 , 1996 ) was the most eminent Croatian librarian and information scientist and is well known among information scientists around the world .
Édouard Chimot ( 26 November 1880 -- 7 June 1959 ) was a French artist , illustrator and editor whose career reached its peak in the 1920s in Paris , through the publication of fine quality art - printed books .
Carlos Solchaga Catalán ( born 1944 ) is a Spanish economist , businessman and politician , who served in different capacities at various Spanish cabinets .
Maria Robsahm , before June 2008 Maria Carlshamre , ( born Maria Kelldén 3 February 1957 in Enköping ) , is a Swedish politician and was a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2009 .
José María Albiñana ( October 13 , 1883 -- 1936 ) was a Spanish physician , neurologist , medical writer , philosopher and anti - republican far - right politician .
Imre Varga ( born 1 November 1923 , Siófok ) is a Hungarian sculptor , painter , designer and graphic artist .
Subhalekha Sudhakar ( born Suravajula Sudhakar , Telugu : శుభలేఖ సుధాకర్ , on 19 November 1960 ) is a leading actor in Telugu cinema and Tamil television .
Claude - Louis Navier ( born Claude Louis Marie Henri Navier , French : ( klod lwi maʁi ɑ̃ʁi navje ) ; 10 February 1785 -- 21 August 1836 ) , was a French engineer and physicist who specialized in mechanics .
Hanna Ożogowska ( 20 July 1904 in Warsaw -- 26 April 1995 in Warsaw ) was a Polish novelist , a poet and a Russian literature translator .
Vesna Lemaić , Slovene writer , Ljubljana , Slovenia .
Maurizio Costanzo ( born 28 August 1938 ) is an Italian television host , journalist , screenwriter and film director .
Joseph Kosma ( 22 October 1905 -- 7 August 1969 ) was a Hungarian - French composer .
Amilcare Ponchielli ( Italian : ( aˈmilkare poŋˈkjɛlli ) , 31 August 1834 -- 16 January 1886 ) was an Italian composer , mainly of operas .
Gaston Charlot ( 11 June 1904 -- 17 April 1994 ) was a French chemist , founder of modern analytical chemistry in France .
Sir Charles Wetherell ( 1770 -- 17 August 1846 ) was an English lawyer , politician and judge .
Franco Mimmi ( born 15 August 1942 in Bologna , Italy ) is an Italian journalist and novelist .
Chen Maiping ( born November 4 , 1952 in Changshu , Jiangsu ) is a Chinese - Swedish writer and poet , known by the pen name Wan Zhi ( 万之 ) .
Phil Jutzi ( sometimes known as Piel Jutzi ) ( July 22 , 1896 - May 1 , 1946 ) was a German cinematographer and film director .
Joan - Josep Tharrats i Vidal ( 1918 in Girona -- 2001 in Barcelona ) was a Spanish painter , art theorist and publisher .
Adrian Păunescu ( 20 July 1943 -- 5 November 2010 ) was a Romanian poet , journalist , and politician .
Haim Shirman ( Hebrew : חיים שירמן‎ ; October 18 , 1904 -- June 14 , 1981 ) was Israeli scholar of medieval Spanish Jewish poetry .
Claire Waldoff ( 21 October 1884 -- 22 January 1957 ) , born Clara Wortmann , was a German singer .
Danilo Dolci ( June 28 , 1924 -- December 30 , 1997 ) was an Italian social activist , sociologist , popular educator and poet .
Abel Rey ( 29 December 1873 , Chalon - sur - Saône -- 13 January 1940 , Paris ) was a French philosopher and historian of science .
Bruno Visentini ( August 1 , 1914 - February 13 , 1995 ) was an Italian politician , senator , minister , lecturer and industrialist .
Julio Caro Baroja ( 1914 - -1995 ) was a world - renowned Basque Spanish anthropologist , historian , linguist and essayist .
Paul Robin ( 1837 - -1912 ) was a French educator and scientist .
Giuliano Ferrara ( born in Rome on January 7 , 1952 ) is an Italian politician , journalist , founding editor of Il Foglio , and TV presenter .
Apollinaire Bouchardat ( July 23 , 1809 -- April 7 , 1886 ) was a French pharmacist and hygienist born in L'Isle - sur - Serein .
Philip Barker - Webb FRS ( 10 July 1793 -- 31 August 1854 ) was an English botanist .
Peter - André Alt ( born 16 June 1960 in Berlin ) is a German literary scholar and President of the Free University of Berlin .
Rafael Bastide Gutierrez also known as Raphaël Bastide ( b. 24 November 1977 in Bilbao ) is a Spanish rugby union winger who has played professionally for Perpignan , Colomiers and , since 2004 for Auch .
François - Joseph Bressani , ( Francesco - Giuseppe ) , ( 6 May 1612 -- 9 September 1672 ) , was an Italian - born Jesuit priest who served as a missionary in New France between 1642 and 1650 .
Walter Serner ( 15 January 1889 -- August 1942 ) was a German - language writer and essayist .
Nathan Field ( also spelled Feild occasionally ) ( 17 October 1587 -- 1620 ) was an English dramatist and actor .
Federico Mayor Zaragoza ( b. January 27 , 1934 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish scientist , scholar , politician , diplomat , and poet .
Sir Swire Smith ( 4 March 1842 -- 16 March 1918 ) was an English woollen manufacturer , educationalist and Liberal Party politician .
Karim Miské ( born 1964 ) is an Arab - French documentary film maker and writer whose debut novel Arab Jazz ( 2015 ) was translated into English by Sam Gordon .
Paul Fejos ( January 27 , 1897 -- April 23 , 1963 ) was a Hungarian - born director of feature films and documentaries who worked in a number of countries including the United States .
Juan Huarte de San Juan or Juan Huarte y Navarro ( 1529 -- 1588 ) was a Spanish physician and psychologist .
Ernst Kaiser grew up in Vienna , attended a high school , passed the Matura , his military service and studied German .
Niharranjan Ray ( Bengali : নীহাররঞ্জন রায় ) ( 1903 - -1981 ) was an Indian historian , well known for his works on history of art and Buddhism .
Pierre Augustin Boissier de Sauvages or François Boissier de Sauvages de Lacroix ( 28 August 1710 , Alès -- 13 December 1795 ) was a French naturalist , researcher in provençal dialect and encyclopédist .
François Fulgis Chevallier ( 1796 , Paris -- 1840 ) was a French botanist whose areas of interest included fungi , ferns and algae .
James B. Twitchell is an author and former professor of English .
Amado Granell Mesado ( Burriana -Spain- November 5 , 1898 - Sueca , May 12 , 1972 ) was a Spanish military officer of the 20th century .
Edward Crossley ( 1841 -- 21 January 1905 ) was an English businessman , Liberal Party politician and astronomer .
Kim Hyon - hui ( Hangul : 김현희 , Hanja : 金賢姬 ; born January 27 , 1962 ) , also known as Ok Hwa , is a former North Korean agent , responsible for the Korean Air Flight 858 bombing in 1987 , which killed 115 people .
Fritz - Albert Popp ( born 11 May 1938 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) is a German researcher in biophysics , particularly in the study of biophotons .
Dominique Demers ( born 23 November 1956 ) is a French - Canadian bestselling and award winning novelist with a PhD in children 's literature , best renowned for her Mlle Charlotte novel series .
Francesc Homs Molist is a Spanish politician and Minister of the Presidency and Spokesperson of the Government of Catalonia .
John Entick ( c.1703 -- May 1773 ) was an English schoolmaster and author .
Giovanni Lurani Cernuschi ( December 19 , 1905 -- January 1995 ) was an Italian automobile engineer , racing car driver and journalist .
Arno Gruen ( May 26 , 1923 -- October 20 , 2015 ) was a Swiss - German psychologist and psychoanalyst .
Pierre - Joseph Bernard ( 26 August 1708 -- 1 November 1775 ) , called Gentil - Bernard by Voltaire for the measured grace of his discreetly erotic verses , was a French military man and salon poet with the reputation of a rake , the author of several libretti for Rameau .
Ilean Almaguer ( ( Spanish pronunciation : ( iˈlean almaˈɣer ) ) Born Ilean Almaguer Ochoa in December 20 , 1987 in Tuxtla Gutiérrez , Chiapas , Mexico ) ís a Mexican actress best known for her roles in telenovelas and dozens of TV commercials .
Hervé This ( French : ( tis ) ; born 1955 in Suresnes , Hauts - de - Seine ) is a French physical chemist who works for the Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique at AgroParisTech , in Paris , France .
Nils Gustaf Ekholm ( 9 October 1848 -- 5 April 1923 ) was a Swedish meteorologist who led a Swedish geophysical expedition to Spitsbergen in 1882 - -1883 .
Thomas Naogeorgus ( Thomas Kirchmeyer , Kirchmair , Neubauer ; 21 December 1508 -- 29 December 1563 ) was a Latin dramatist , humanist , Protestant theologian , preacher and pamphleteer of the German Renaissance .
Juan Martín Cabezalero ( 1633 - -1673 ) was a Spanish draftsman and painter .
Artur Manfred Max Neef ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmamfɾeð ˈmaks ) ; born 26 October 1932 ) is a Chilean economist .
William Philip Price ( 1817 -- 31 March 1891 ) was an English timber merchant and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1852 and 1873 .
Georg Lunge ( 15 September 1839 - 3 January 1923 ) was a German chemist born in Breslau .
Enrico Pieranunzi ( born 5 December 1949 ) is an Italian jazz pianist .
Fleur Adcock , CNZM , OBE ( born 10 February 1934 ) is a New Zealand poet and editor , of English and Northern Irish ancestry , who has lived much of her life in England .
Edward Harwood ( 1729 - -1794 ) was a prolific English classical scholar and biblical critic .
Jean - Luc Delarue ( 24 June 1964 -- 23 August 2012 ) was a French television presenter and producer specialising in televised discussion programmes .
Roberto Saviano ( Italian : ( roˈbɛrto saˈvjano ) ; born September 22 , 1979 ) is an Italian writer and journalist .
Miguel Arias Cañete ( born 24 February 1950 ) is a Spanish aristocrat and a politician of the centre - right .
Alice Donadel , stagename Alice Dona ( Maisons - Alfort , 17 February 1946 ) is a French singer and songwriter .
Theodor Kullak ( 12 September 1818 -- 1 March 1882 ) was a German pianist , composer , and teacher .
Kateřina Konečná is a Czech politician , who , since 2013 , has been a Member of the European Parliament representing the Czech Republic .
Maurizio Lupi ( born 3 October 1959 ) is an Italian politician , who is a member of the New Centre - Right ( NCD ) and has served as minister of infrastructure and transport between 28 April 2013 and 20 March 2015 .
William Kiffin ( 1616 - -1701 ) , sometimes spelled William Kiffen , was a seventeenth - century English Baptist minister .
Galileo Ferraris ( 31 October 1847 -- 7 February 1897 ) was an Italian physicist and electrical engineer , one of the pioneers of AC power system and the inventor of induction motor .
Marc Seguin ( 20 April 1786 -- 24 February 1875 ) was a French engineer , inventor of the wire - cable suspension bridge and the multi - tubular steam - engine boiler .
Achille Duchêne ( 1866 -- 1947 ) was a French garden designer who worked in the grand manner established by André Le Nôtre .
Diego Masi ( Cremona , 11 February 1947 ) is an Italian entrepreneur and politician , deputy during the XII and XIII legislatures .
Diego Sánchez de Badajoz ( died 1549 ) was an important Spanish poet and dramatist of the Renaissance .
Sir Robert Filmer ( c. 1588 -- 26 May 1653 ) was an English political theorist who defended the divine right of kings .
Giuseppe Cederna ( born 25 June 1957 ) is an Italian actor and author .
Ernst Heinrich Karl von Dechen ( 25 March 1800 -- 15 February 1889 ) was a German geologist .
René Poupardin ( 27 February 1874 -- 23 August 1927 ) was a French medievalist and paleographer whose most important works were on Burgundy , Provence and the south Italian principalities .
Park Solhee ( Hangul : 박솔희 ; born January 5 , 1990 ) is a South Korean writer .
Bülent İplikçioğlu ( born 1952 Afyonkarahisar , Turkey ) , is Turkish historian , epigrapher and professor of ancient history at the Marmara University in Istanbul .
Nuccio Ordine ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈnuttʃo ˈordine ) ; born 1958 ) is an Italian professor , philosopher and one of the world 's top experts on Renaissance and the philosopher Giordano Bruno .
Kazys Bradūnas ( February 11 , 1917 -- February 9 , 2009 ) was a Lithuanian émigré poet and editor .
Gianni Rodari ( 23 October 1920 -- 14 April 1980 ) was an Italian writer and journalist , most famous for his children 's books , notably Il romanzo di Cipollino .
Arild Stubhaug ( born 25 May 1948 ) is a Norwegian mathematician , poet and biographer .
Thomas Orde - Powlett , 1st Baron Bolton PC ( 30 August 1740 -- 30 July 1807 ) was an English politician .
Benjamin Fawcett ( December 1808 , Bridlington -- January 1893 ) was one of the finest of English nineteenth century woodblock colour printers .
Cesare Garboli ( 1928 - -2004 ) was an Italian essayist .
William Harrison Ainsworth ( 4 February 1805 -- 3 January 1882 ) was an English historical novelist born in Manchester .
Jean - François Dandrieu ( c. 1682 -- 17 January 1738 ) was a French Baroque composer , harpsichordist and organist .
Emmanuel Pontremoli ( 13 January 1865 -- 25 July 1956 ) was a French architect and archaeologist .
Achille Castiglioni ( Italian pronunciation : ( aˈkille kastiʎˈʎoni ) ; 16 February 1918 -- 2 December 2002 ) was an Italian designer of furniture , lighting , radiograms and other objects .
Óscar Iván Zuluaga Escobar ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈoskaɾ iˈβan suˈlwaɣa es.ko.ˈβaɾ ) ; born 3 February 1959 ) is a Colombian economist and was the Democratic Center 's nominee for President of Colombia in the 2014 election .
Jean - Pierre Jeunet ( French : ( ʒɑ̃ pjɛʁ ʒœnɛ ) ; born 3 September 1953 ) is a French film director and screenwriter known for the films Delicatessen , The City of Lost Children , Alien :
Richard Lydekker ( 25 July 1849 -- 16 April 1915 ) was an English naturalist , geologist and writer of numerous books on natural history .
François - Albert Angers ( May 21 , 1909 -- July 14 , 2003 ) was an eminent Québécois economist and defender of the cause of Quebec and the French language .
Wu Junxie ( simplified Chinese : 吴钧燮 ; traditional Chinese : 吳鈞燮 ; pinyin : Wú Jūnxiè ; born 1928 ) is a Chinese translator .
Abraham Nicolas Amelot de la Houssaye ( 1634 - -1706 ) was a French historian and political critic .
Wilhelm Junghans ( 3 May 1834 -- 27 January 1865 ) was a German historian who was a native of Lüneburg .
Bo Utas , born May 26 , 1938 in Höglunda , a village in Jämtland , Sweden , is a Swedish linguist , Iranologist and chess historian .
Gottfried August Homilius ( 2 February 1714 -- 2 June 1785 ) was a German composer , cantor and organist .
Erich Matthias Rößler ( born 14 January 1955 ) is a German politician , member of the CDU .
Rafael Andrade Navarrete ( February 25 , 1856 , Ardales -- June 21 , 1928 ) was a Spanish politician and lawyer .
Ernst Goldenbaum ( 15 December 1898 , Parchim , Mecklenburg - Schwerin -- 13 March 1990 ) was an East German politician .
Alonso Carrió de la Vandera ( c.1715 in Gijón -- 1783 in Lima ) was a Spanish civil servant , writer and traveller , who spent most of his life in the vast Spanish Viceroyalty of Perú , where he was for several years administrator of the Royal Mail .
Jean - Jacques - Joseph Leroy d'Etiolles ( 5 April 1798 in Paris -- 25 August 1860 ) was a French surgeon who studied and practiced medicine in Paris .
Ciriaco del Llano was a Peninsular Spanish General who notably commanded royalist forces during the Mexican War of Independence .
José Gil ( born 15 June 1939 Muecate , Portuguese Mozambique ) is a Portuguese philosopher .
Pablo Soto Bravo ( born 1979 ) is a Spanish software developer and councilor for the municipality of Madrid for the Now Madrid party .
Bastian Sick ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbastjaːn ˈzik ) ) ( born 17 July 1965 ) is a German journalist and author .
Giulietta Masina ( 22 February 1921 -- 23 March 1994 ) was an Italian film and stage actress .
Hana Sweid ( Arabic : حنا سويد‎ , Hebrew : חנא סוייד‎ ; also spelt Hanna Swaid , born 27 March 1955 ) is an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash from 2006 to 2015 .
Moisès Bertran i Ventejo , in Spanish Moisés Bertrán ( born Mataró , 1967 ) is a Catalan composer .
Ennio Porrino ( 20 January 1910 -- 25 September 1959 ) was an Italian composer and teacher .
Iosif Efimovich Aleshkovsky ( Russian : Ио́сиф Ефи́мович Алешко́вский ) , known as Yuz Aleshkovsky ( Russian : Юз Алешко́вский ) ( born September 21 , 1929 ) , is a modern Russian writer , poet , playwright and performer of his own songs .
Mariusz Szczygieł ( September 5 , 1966 Złotoryja , Poland ) is a Polish journalist and writer .
Francisco Javier Solana de Madariaga , KOGF ( Spanish : ( fɾanˈθisko xaˈβjer soˈlana ðe maðaˈɾjaɣa ) ; born 14 July 1942 ) is a Spanish physicist and Socialist politician .
Ascanio Trombetti ( bapt . 27 November 1544 -- 20/21 September 1590 ) was an Italian composer .
Hubert Tonka ( born 1943 ) is a French sociologist and urban planner who edited the Utopie magazine , and was one of the leaders of the Utopie movement in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Marco Vicario ( born 20 September 1925 ) is an Italian film actor , screenwriter , film producer and director .
Charles Garabed Atamian ( September 18 , 1872 -- July 30 , 1947 ) was an Ottoman - born French painter of Armenian ethnicity .
Andrea Orlando ( born 8 February 1969 ) is an Italian career politician .
Josep Romaguera ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛp ruməˈɣeɾə ) ) ( 1642 - -1723 ) is the author of the only emblem book ever published in the Catalan language , the Atheneo de Grandesa .
Günther Rennert ( 1 April 1911 -- 31 July 1978 ) was a German opera director and administrator .
Gerhard T. Buchholz ( 1 January 1898 -- 30 November 1970 ) was a German screenwriter , film producer and director .
Domingo de Vico was a Spanish Dominican friar during the Spanish conquest of Chiapas and the conquest of Guatemala in the 16th century .
Vincent Dutrait ( born 1976 ) is a French illustrator .
Louis Archinard ( 11 February 1850 -- 8 May 1932 ) was a French Army general at the time of the Third Republic , who contributed to the colonial conquest of French West Africa .
Sir James John Trevor Lawrence , 2nd Baronet , KCVO ( 30 December 1831 -- 22 December 1913 ) , known as Sir Trevor Lawrence , was an English horticulturalist , collector and politician .
Jean - Raymond Abrial ( born 1938 ) is a French computer scientist and inventor of the Z and B formal methods .
Wolfgang Clemen ( * 29 March 1909 in Bonn , Germany ; † 16 March 1990 in Endorf , Bavaria , Germany ) was an eminent German literary scholar who helped reestablish English Studies in Germany after World War II . His father , Paul Clemen , was a well - known art historian .
Per Olof Sundman ( 4 September 1922 , Vaxholm -- 9 October 1992 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish writer and politician .
S. J. Surya ( born as S. Justin Selvaraj ) is an Indian film director , screenwriter , actor , and producer who has worked in the Tamil , Telugu and Hindi film industries .
François Dufour ( born 1953 ) is a French politician and a member of Europe Écologie--
Barbara Euphan Todd ( 9 January 1890 -- 2 February 1976 ) was an English writer most notable for her books for children about a scarecrow called Worzel Gummidge .
Josef Kohler ( March 9 , 1849 -- August 3 , 1919 ) was a German jurist , author and poet .
Michael de Larrabeiti ( 18 August 1934 -- 18 April 2008 ) was an English novelist and travel writer .
Peter Ekberg ( born 1972 ) is a Swedish author , teacher and philosopher .
Alfred Nakache ( November 18 , 1915 in Constantine , French Algeria -- 1983 ) was a French swimmer and water polo player .
Nicolas Denisot , also Nicholas Denizot , ( 1515 - -1559 ) was a French Renaissance poet and painter .
Ercole Ricotti ( 12 October 1816 - 24 February 1883 ) was an Italian politician and historian .
Luis Tristán de Escamilla , also Luis Rodríguez Tristán ( 1586 - -1624 ) was a Spanish painter .
Jarosław Wałęsa ( ( jaˈrɔswaf vaˈwɛ̃sa ) , born September 13 , 1976 in Gdańsk ) is a Polish politician .
Sara Montiel ( also Sarita Montiel or Saritísima ; 10 March 1928 -- 8 April 2013 ) was a Spanish singer and actress .
Samuel Rawson Gardiner ( 4 March 1829 near Alresford , Hampshire-- 24 February 1902 in Sevenoaks ) was an English historian , who specialized in 17th - century English history , and is regarded as the foremost historian of the Puritan revolution and the English Civil War .
Jan Bucquoy ( French : ( bykwa ) ; born 16 November 1945 ) is an anarchist and author - filmmaker born in Harelbeke , Belgium who started as a theatre practitioner and who worked as a cartoon - scriptwriter .
WPEP ( 1570 AM ) was an AM radio station operating on a frequency of 1570 kHz from Taunton , Massachusetts .
CKWV - FM ( known on - air as `` The Wave '' ) is a Canadian radio station located in Nanaimo , British Columbia .
KKAW ( 107.3 FM ) was a radio station licensed to Albin , Wyoming , USA .
KQJK is a commercial adult hits music radio station in Roseville , California , broadcasting to the Sacramento , California , area on 93.7 FM .
WKZQ - FM ( 96.1 FM , `` 96 - 1 KZQ '' ) is an Alternative rock radio station licensed to Forestbrook , South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area .
WMAY ( 970 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a format serving the Springfield , Illinois area .
KHUM is a commercial Freeform broadcast radio station licensed to Cutten , California , serving Eureka and Humboldt County in California .
CJRY - FM is an FM Christian radio station that broadcasts on 105.9 FM from Edmonton , Alberta .
KHVN is an AM urban contemporary gospel radio station that serves the Dallas - Fort Worth Metroplex .
WGER ( 106.3 FM , `` Mix 106.3 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Saginaw , Michigan broadcasting an adult top 40 format .
WKXI - FM ( 107.5 FM , `` Kixie 107 '' ) is an Urban Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to Magee , Mississippi and serving Jackson .
WERM ( 1480 AM ) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Mobile , Alabama .
WLAV - FM ( 96.9 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
KTGW ( 91.7 FM ) is a Christian radio station licensed to Fruitland , New Mexico , serving the Farmington , New Mexico Area .
WFQY ( 970 AM , `` BDay 99.1 '' ) , is a classic hip hop radio station in Brandon , Mississippi , serving the Jackson , Mississippi area .
WWHI ( 91.3 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station operated by students of Ball State University in Muncie , Indiana .
KWAV is a commercial radio station in Monterey , California , broadcasting to the Santa Cruz - Monterey - Salinas , California , area on 96.9 FM .
WXEX - FM ( 92.1 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Sanford , Maine , USA , the station serves the Seacoast New Hampshire / Southern Maine area .
WFRF - FM ( 105.7 FM , `` Faith Radio '' ) is an American non - commercial educational radio station city of Monticello , Florida , USA .
KPOJ ( 620 AM ) is a radio station serving the Portland metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Oregon and neighboring Washington .
WCOL - FM ( 92.3 FM ) is a country music radio station in Columbus , Ohio owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
CHNC - FM is a French - language Canadian radio station located in New Carlisle , Quebec , Canada .
WWFF - FM is an American radio station licensed to New Market , Alabama , and serving the Huntsville , Alabama , market .
WNNJ is a Class B1 FM radio station licensed to Newton , New Jersey broadcasting on 103.7 FM .
KPOV - FM ( 88.9 FM ) is an American non - commercial educational radio station in Bend , Oregon , broadcasting at 800 watts on 88.9 MHz . KPOV - FM airs a variety of syndicated news and talk programming such as Democracy Now and Free Speech Radio News along with some locally originated programming .
KCBF is a commercial radio station airing sports programming in Fairbanks , Alaska , broadcasting on 820 AM .
KXXZ is a commercial Branded as El Portal or The Gateway in English radio station located in Barstow , California , broadcasting on 95.9 FM .
WWWX ( 96.9 FM , `` 96.9 The Fox '' ) is an Alternative formatted radio station licensed to Oshkosh , Wisconsin , that serves the Appleton - Oshkosh area .
WOAM ( AM 1350 ) is a Peoria , Illinois radio station that broadcasts an Adult Standards / MOR format .
CFZZ - FM is a French language Canadian radio station located in Saint - Jean - sur - Richelieu , Quebec .
WKJG ( 1380 AM ; `` ESPN Radio 1380 '' ) is a radio station located in Fort Wayne , Indiana .
WTAK - FM ( 106.1 FM , `` Classic Rock 106.1 TAK '' ) is a classic rock formatted radio station licensed to Hartselle , Alabama , and owned by iHeartMedia , Inc ..
CJXK - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting on 95.3 FM in Cold Lake , Alberta .
WPCL is a religious - formatted radio station located in Northern Cambria , Pennsylvania , United States .
WXNR is a commercial radio station in Grifton , North Carolina , broadcasting to the Greenville - New Bern - Jacksonville , North Carolina area on 99.5 FM .
CKDQ is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music format at 910 AM in Drumheller , Alberta branded as Q91 .
CBL - FM is the flagship station of the CBC Radio 2 network , based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Mather Mine disaster refers to the events surrounding an explosion that occurred in the Mather Mine on May 19 , 1928 at 4:07 PM in Mather , Pennsylvania .
Konarreshki ( Persian : كناررشكي‎ , also Romanized as Konārreshkī ) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Lab - e Rud ( Persian : لب رود‎ , also Romanized as Lab - e Rūd ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Regab ( Persian : رگاب‎ , also Romanized as Regāb ; also known as Gāb and Rīgāu ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Deykudarkhalk ( Persian : ديكودارخلك‎ , also Romanized as Deyḵūdārkhalḵ ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Teackle Mansion is a historic U.S. mansion located at 11736 Mansion Street , Princess Anne , Maryland , United States .
Majid Abdollah ( Persian : مجيدعبداله‎ , also Romanized as Majīd `` Abdollāh ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 206 , in 31 families .
Rancho Rincon del Diablo was a 12,653-acre ( 51.20 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present day San Diego County , California given in 1843 to Juan Bautista Alvarado .
Sardabeh Rural District ( Persian : سردابه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Columbia City High School is a community high school located in Columbia City , Indiana .
Kinmount House is a 19th - century country house in the parish of Cummertrees within Dumfries and Galloway , south Scotland .
The McTavish reservoir , named for Simon McTavish , is an underground reservoir and park located within McGill University 's campus on the southern slope of Mount Royal in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Blidö is an island in the Stockholm archipelago and a part of the Norrtälje Municipality .
The Hermit Intercessors of the Lamb was a Roman Catholic Association of priests , brothers , nuns , and lay people , based in Nebraska , United States .
Varkureh ( Persian : وركوره‎ , also Romanized as Varkūreh ; also known as Varkūrā ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Robert M. and Matilda ( Kitch ) Grindley House was a private residence located at 123 Parsons Street in Detroit , Michigan .
Revere House ( 1847 - 1912 ) was an upscale hotel in 19th - century Boston , Massachusetts , located on Bowdoin Square in the West End .
Dowlat Rud Bar ( Persian : دولت رودبار‎ , also Romanized as Dowlat Rūd Bār ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KYKY is an FM radio station serving the St. Louis , Missouri radio market .
Leontynów ( lɛɔnˈtɨnuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Perry County Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KTEL , FAA LID : TEL ) is seven miles northeast of Tell City , in Perry County , Indiana .
Pańska Łaska ( ˈpaɲska ˈwaska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Zangelanlu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زنگلانلو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Lotfabad District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lakeridge Health Oshawa , formerly Oshawa General Hospital , is a hospital located in Oshawa , Ontario , Canada .
Guźnia ( ˈɡuʑɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Stara Kosianka ( ˈstara kɔˈɕaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
101 California Street is a 48-story office skyscraper completed in 1982 in the Financial District of San Francisco , California .
Godziszewo - Wybudowanie ( ɡɔd͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The closest villages to Pedraforca are Gósol to the west and Saldes to the east .
Hardy Inlet is an inlet that is located in the South West region of Western Australia .
Panj Angosht ( Persian : پنج انگشت‎ ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Čair Sports Center ( Serbian : Спортски центар Чаир / Sportski centar Čair ) , known locally as Čair Hall ( Serbian : Хала Чаир / Hala Čair ) is an indoor sporting arena located in Niš , Serbia .
Ostad Kolayeh ( Persian : استادكلايه‎ , also Romanized as Ostād Kolāyeh ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Tow Kalleh ( Persian : توكله‎ ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
One Moody Plaza is a 23 floor skyscraper at 1902 Market Street in Downtown Galveston , Texas , United States .
Dosłońce ( dɔˈswɔɲt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Valancia is a planned urban gated community located in south western part of Lahore , Pakistan , adjacent to Wapda Town and Johar Town .
The Murray Premises is a National Historic Site of Canada located in downtown St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Wellington Dam Hydro Power Station is a hydroelectric power station near Collie , Western Australia .
Tleń ( tlɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Lavic Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field with extinct cinder cones in the Mojave Desert , in San Bernardino County , California , United States .
Emma Sansom High School ( opened 1929 - closed 2006 ) was a high school located in Gadsden , Alabama .
Blodgett Canyon is located in southwestern Montana in the northwestern United States .
Hasland is a suburb in the south - east of Chesterfield , Derbyshire , England .
Odalengo Grande ( Audalengh Grand in Piedmontese ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) east of Turin and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Alessandria .
Oro Valley Country Club is a private country club in Oro Valley , Arizona , a suburb located 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) north of Tucson .
The Muxklippe is located in the Harz mountains in Germany , southeast of Bad Harzburg , above the Ecker valley on the Kaiser Way footpath , a few hundred metres away from the border between Lower Saxony and Saxony - Anhalt .
Piz Laschadurella is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps , located east of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden .
Kannur Cantonment ( or Cannanore Cantonment the old English name ) , situated in Burnassery or Burnshire(the anglicized name ) is a cantonment town in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala , between Kannur town and Kannur City .
Blackhawk Park & Ride is a transit facility located in the southern community of Eagan , Minnesota .
John Redmond Reservoir is a reservoir on the Neosho River in eastern Kansas .
The Hope Mills Dam , also known as Hope Mills Dam # 1 , is a failed concrete gravity dam on Little Rockfish Creek in Hope Mills , North Carolina , USA , which created Hope Mills Lake .
Doris Lake is a natural body of water in the Three Sisters Wilderness of the central Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Lago del Zött is a reservoir in the canton of Ticino , Switzerland , with a surface area of 0.13 km² .
The Woolsey Ranchhouse Ruins , located north of Humboldt , Arizona off State Route 69 , is a historic site with significance dating to 1863 .
Saline County Regional Airport ( ICAO : KSUZ , FAA LID : SUZ ) is a county owned , publicuse airport located five nautical miles ( 6 mi , 9 km ) east of the central business district of Benton , a city in Saline County , Arkansas , United States .
The Catlow Theater is a historic single - screen movie theater located downtown Barrington , Illinois , United States .
the jurisdiction of Shou County was transfer from Lu'an to Huainan .
Burnley railway station is located on the Lilydale , Belgrave , Alamein and Glen Waverley lines in Victoria , Australia .
Kupreanof Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska .
Alamitos Bay is an inlet on the Pacific Ocean coast of southern California , United States , between the cities of Long Beach and Seal Beach , at the outlet of the San Gabriel River .
Borj - e Mohammadan ( Persian : برج محمدان‎ , also Romanized as Borj - e Moḩammadān ; also known as Borj - e Moḩammad , Borj , Borj Mohammad , and Burj ) is a village in Afin Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darreh Giri ( Persian : دره گر‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Gīrī and Darreh Garreh ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Jehaq ( Persian : جهق‎ ; also known as Jehaq - e Pā’īn and Jehaq Pā’īn ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Fraquelfing ( German : Frackelfingen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Kraszewo - Rory ( kraˈʂɛvɔ ˈrɔrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Currow ( Irish : An Currach / Corra , meaning `` The Marsh '' ) is a rural village in County Kerry in south west Ireland , located approximately 12 km from Killarney and 18 km from Tralee .
Liechtensteinklamm ( Liechtenstein Gorge ) is a particularly narrow gorge with walls up to 300 m high , located in the Austrian Alps 50 km south of Salzburg .
Świesz ( ɕfjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Hadeth south or Hadeth Beirut is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site approximately 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) south southeast of Beirut , on the road to Sidon in Lebanon .
Tiosa , or Tivsa , is a town and a municipal council and tehsil in Amravati district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Hoskins Airport is an airport in Hoskins ( on the island of New Britain ) in Papua New Guinea .
Chodków Stary ( ˈxɔtkuf ˈstarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Szulborze - Kozy ( ʂulˈbɔʐɛ ˈkɔzɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew - Osada , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Oudenbosch is a village in the municipality Halderberge in the west of the Dutch province North Brabant .
The Hoyt - Shedd Estate is a historic residential estate at 386 - 396 Andover Street and 569 - 579 East Merrimack Street in Lowell , Massachusetts .
Darreh Khun - e Faleh ( Persian : دره خون فالح‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Khūn - e Fāleḩ ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Khryplyn ( Ukrainian : Хриплин ) is the smallest village of the Ivano - Frankivsk municipality located in the Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast , Ukraine .
Ługowina ( wuɡɔˈvina ) ( German : Lowin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sroki ( ˈsrɔki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rouvreux ( in Walloon Rovreu ) is a village in the Walloon municipality of Sprimont in the province of Liège , Belgium .
Florence Christian School is a Baptist private school located in Florence , South Carolina , USA .
The island constitutes a department within Diana Region and is organized as the City of Nosy Be ( Commune urbaine ) .
Niewiesz - Kolonia ( ˈɲɛvjɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chelchelak ( Persian : چل چلك‎ ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
McKinney Stables of Empire City Farms is a historic stable building located at Cuba in Allegany County , New York .
Kenardington is a small clustered village and the centre of a relatively small rural civil parish of the same name , in the Ashford District of Kent , England .
WEMU ( 89.1 WEMU ) is the public broadcasting service of Eastern Michigan University .
Located in Nakawa Division , Kigoowa is bordered by Kulambiro to the north , Kiwaatule to the east , Ntinda to the south , Naguru and Bukoto to the southwest and Kyebando to the west .
The Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum ( colloquially The Broad , not to be confused with The Broad in Los Angeles ) , is a contemporary art museum at Michigan State University in East Lansing , Michigan .
The Dog Team Tavern was a restaurant that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was located on Dog Team Road , off U.S. Route 7 , roughly four miles north of the town of Middlebury , Vermont in Addison County .
Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune ( /ləˈdʒɜːrn/ lə - JURN ) is a 246-square - mile ( 640 km2 ) United States military training facility in Jacksonville , North Carolina .
Vyalikaval is a Locality in Bangalore City .
Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that forms the local government of the East Rand region of Gauteng , South Africa .
Many Farms High School ( MFHS ) is located in the heart of the Navajo reservation in Many Farms , Arizona and 15 miles northeast of Canyon De Chelly National Monument .
The Berry Brothers Bolt Works is a former factory in Columbus , Ohio , United States .
Sapjuri is a small village situated five kilometres away from Bokakhat , Assam and the NH 37 running through its heart .
The Russian River Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area ( AVA ) in Sonoma County , California .
Centaurus High School ( CHS ) is a secondary school located in Lafayette , Colorado , and part of the Boulder Valley School District .
Qarqasin ( Persian : قرقسين‎ , also Romanized as Qarqasīn ) is a village in Ak Rural District , Esfarvarin District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Kosli is a village and sub - district ( or `` tehsil '' ) in the Rewari district of Haryana in India .
Stansty is a ward in Wrexham County Borough in Wales , lying to the immediate north - west of the town of Wrexham .
Irondequoit High School ( IHS ) is a public high school in the town of Irondequoit , New York , a major suburb of Rochester , New York .
The Institute for Simulation and Training ( IST ) is a research institute of the University of Central Florida located in Orlando , Florida , USA .
The Alberni - Clayoquot Regional District ( 2006 population 30,664 ) of British Columbia is located on west central Vancouver Island .
Sujin Subdistrict ( Chinese : 苏锦街道 ) is a township - level division of Gusu District , Suzhou , Jiangsu , China .
Lava Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington .
The Palais Lanckoroński was a palace in Vienna , Austria , located at Jacquingasse 16 - 18 , in the Landstraße District .
Maksatikha ( Russian : Максатиха ) is an urban - type settlement and the administrative center of Maksatikhinsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia , with a population of 8,744 ( 2010 Census ) ; 9,753 ( 2002 Census ) ; 10,217 ( 1989 Census ) .
Jubbega ( West Frisian : Jobbegea ) is a small village in the municipality of Heerenveen in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Queens County Farm Museum is located on 47 acres ( 190,000 m2 ) of the New York City neighborhoods of Floral Park and Glen Oaks in Queens .
Zeyt - e Sofla ( Persian : زيت سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zeyt - e Soflá ; also known as Pā’īn Zeyd and Zeyt - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Miandorud - e Bozorg Rural District , in the Central District of Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mogaung Township ( Burmese : မိုးကောင်းမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Mohnyin District in the Kachin State of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Marazion ( Cornish : Marhasyow ) is a civil parish and town in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Shahgarh is a town and a tahsil in Sagar district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Causapscal ( /koʊˈzɑːpskæl/ ) is a city in the Canadian province of Quebec , located in La Matapédia Regional County Municipality .
Administratively , Hammarby Sjöstad is a part of the Stockholm Municipality borough of Södermalm .
Twindly Bridge Charter School ( TBCS ) is a charter school located in the Matanuska - Susitna Borough School District in Wasilla , Alaska .
Hilbert College is a private Franciscan college located in the Town of Hamburg , about 20 minutes south of Buffalo , New York within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo .
Kalamazoo / Battle Creek International Airport ( IATA : AZO , ICAO : KAZO , FAA LID : AZO ) is a county - owned public airport 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of Kalamazoo , in Kalamazoo County , Michigan .
The Thorpe Ford Covered Bridge is northeast of Rosedale , Indiana .
Tjalhuizum ( West Frisian : Tsjalhuzum ) is a small village in Súdwest - Fryslân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 30 citizens ( 2004 ) .
The Mengenlehreuhr ( German for `` Set Theory Clock '' ) or Berlin - Uhr ( `` Berlin Clock '' ) is the first public clock in the world that tells the time by means of illuminated , coloured fields , for which it entered the Guinness Book of Records upon its installation on 17 June 1975 .
Mount Woodroffe is South Australia 's highest peak , at 1,435 metres .
Mystery Castle is located in the city of Phoenix , Arizona , in the foothills of South Mountain Park .
Aghcheh Qaleh ( Persian : اغچه قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Āghcheh Qal``eh ) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 903 , in 224 families .
Oviglio ( Ovij in Piedmontese ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southeast of Turin and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Alessandria .
Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites is a historic state park located at 29.888 ° -96.876 ° , just off U.S. Route 77 , south of La Grange , Texas .
WYXL ( 97.3 MHz , `` Lite Rock 97.3 '' ) is a radio station in Ithaca , New York that programs an adult contemporary format .
North Salem Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Salem Center , Westchester County , New York .
Lilancheng ( simplified Chinese : 里澜城 ; traditional Chinese : 里瀾城 ; pinyin : Lǐlánchéng ) is a town of Yongqing County in central Hebei province , China , located 23 kilometres ( 14 mi ) southeast of the county seat .
Wilmington Academy of Arts and Sciences ( WAAS ) is a private school in Wilmington , North Carolina that focuses on education for academically gifted students in grades 4 - 8 .
Hamnøy was previously connected to Reine by ferry , but this was replaced by bridges on the European route E10 highway as part of the Lofoten Mainland Connection .
Tacoma Community College is a community college located in Tacoma , Washington , with satellite operations in Gig Harbor and the Bridge Program in partnership with the Evergreen State College - Tacoma location in the 6th Avenue district .
Langelille ( West Frisian : De Langelille ) is a village in Weststellingwerf in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Rissen belongs to the Altona borough .
Dorohucza ( dɔrɔˈxut͡ʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki , within Świdnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dasht - e Arzhan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دشت ارژن‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
American Dream Meadowlands ( ADM ) is a retail and entertainment complex located in the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford , New Jersey .
Island Station Power Plant was a coal power plant on the Mississippi River less than a mile up - river from downtown Saint Paul , Minnesota .
Xinhua County ( simplified Chinese : 新化县 ; traditional Chinese : 新化縣 ; pinyin : Xīnhuà Xiàn ) is under the administration of Loudi , Hunan province , China , located along the middle reaches of the Zi River .
The Meadowbank Gold Mine is an open pit gold mine operated by Agnico - Eagle Mines in the Kivalliq district of Nunavut , Canada .
Mahi Dasht ( Persian : ماهي دشت‎ , also Romanized as Māhī Dasht ) is a village in Fahraj Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Saurikh is a nagar panchayat in Kannauj district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Sarah Amanda Trott McKinney House is a historic house site and 10.1-acre ( 4.1 ha ) historic district in Sixmile , Bibb County , Alabama .
Livermore Municipal Airport ( IATA : LVK , ICAO : KLVK ) is in Livermore , California , USA , east of San Francisco Bay .
Frontier School of the Bible is a small Bible Institute located in La Grange , Wyoming , United States .
Tellippalai or Thellippalai ( Tamil : தெல்லிப்பழை Tellippaḻai ) is a small town in the northern Jaffna District of Sri Lanka .
Qaleh Sharifi ( Persian : قلعه شريفي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Sharīfī ) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District , Kahrizak District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Devibhoaire , ( also spelled as Devi Bhoyre ) is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra , India .
Jozvenaq ( Persian : جزونق‎ , also Romanized as Jazvanaq , Jazoonaq , Jazvanq ; also known as Chaftan , Jaftān , and Jozvenū ) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District , Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Wódki ( ˈvutki ) ( German : Löwental ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Soluk Bon - e Sofla ( Persian : سلوكبن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Solūk Bon - e Soflá ; also known as Solūkbon and Solūk Bon - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The West Humboldt Range is a short mountain range in the western Great Basin in northwestern Nevada in the United States .
Bowlingly , also known as Neale 's Residence and The Ferry House , is a historic home located at Queenstown , Queen Anne 's County , Maryland , United States .
Nièvre is part of the current region of Bourgogne - Franche - Comté , although historically it was not part of the province of Burgundy .
Norton Fitzwarren is a village , electoral ward , and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Hezehburan ( Persian : هزه بوران‎ , also Romanized as Hezehbūrān ; also known as Hezārbarān and Hezehberān ) is a village in Sard - e Sahra Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kempendyay ( Russian : Кемпендяй ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of two settlements , in addition to Chayygda , in Kempendyaysky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Punta della Dogana is an art museum in Venice 's old customs building , the Dogana da Mar. It also refers to the triangular area of Venice where the Grand Canal meets the Giudecca Canal , and its collection of buildings :
Trebišov District ( Slovak : okres Trebišov , Hungarian : Tőketerebesi járás ) is a district in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Weston Field Athletic Complex is a Williams College facility and home of the Williams Ephs football team in Williamstown , Massachusetts .
Arvan ( Persian : اروان‎ , also Romanized as Arvān ) is a village in Kharaqan - e Gharbi Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Warnik ( ˈvarnik ) ( German : Warningshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
When Florence in 1250 organized its possessions , creating the autonomous jurisdictions of the `` Leghe '' , Volpaia was placed within the district of the Lega del Chianti among the people of the `` Terzo '' of Radda in Chianti .
Kutan - e Olya ( Persian : كوتان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kūtān - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Ansar Rural District , in the Central District of Takab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 441 , in 70 families .
Truszków ( ˈtruʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Llangar is a former civil parish in Denbighshire in Wales , 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south west of Corwen , its post town , and 10 miles ( 16 km ) north east of Bala .
Burbiszki ( burˈbiʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Murghob District or Nohiya - i Murghob ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Мурғоб / Persian : ناحیۀ مرغاب‎‎ ) is a district in Tajikistan , occupying the eastern two - thirds of the Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province ( GBAO ) .
Lauerz is a village and municipality in the Schwyz District of the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland .
Goldsmith Channel is a waterway in the Canadian territory of Nunavut connecting Parry Channel and M'Clintock Channel .
Kangerlussuaq Icefjord ( old spelling : Kangerdlugssuaq , Danish : Giesecke Isfjord ) is a fjord in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Yamchi - ye Sofla ( Persian : يامچي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Yāmchī - ye Soflá ; also known as Yāmchī and Yāmchī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Rezaqoli - ye Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Capt . John Thorndike House is a historic First Period house at 184 Hale Street in Beverly , Massachusetts .
The Historic Aircraft Restoration Museum , located at Creve Coeur Airport in Maryland Heights , Missouri , USA is a museum dedicated to restoring and preserving historical aircraft .
Jannat Shahr ( Persian : جنت شهر‎ , also known as Kūshk - e Jannat and Jannat ) is a city in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The North Park Towers are a pair of apartment buildings in Southfield , Michigan .
Karchak - e Larijani ( Persian : كرچك لاريجاني‎ , also Romanized as Karchak - e Lārījānī ; also known as Karchak ) is a village in Ahlamerestaq - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Oakleigh Park Rail Cutting is an 8 hectare Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Oakleigh Park in the London Borough of Barnet .
Keōua Hale was the mansion of Princess Ruth Keʻelikōlani at 1302 Queen Emma Street in downtown Honolulu , Hawaii .
Shasib Kola ( Persian : شاسيبكلا‎ , also Romanized as Shāsīb Kolā ; also known as Shāseb Kolā and Shāyeb Kolā ) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
WSAE ( 106.9 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station located in Spring Arbor , Michigan .
The Raleigh and Gaston / Seaboard Coast Line Building is an historic building in Raleigh , North Carolina , that was once home to the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad and subsequently the Raleigh office of the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad .
The Nottoway River is in southern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina .
Pencoedtre or Pencoetre , also known as Pencoedtre Village , is a northeastern suburb of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan , Wales .
Kureh Darreh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كوره دره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūreh Darreh - ye Soflá ; also kown as Kūreh Darreh - ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District , in the Central District of Kamyaran County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
WOKY ( AM920 `` The Big 920 '' ) is a Milwaukee , Wisconsin , radio station The station is owned and operated by iHeartMedia , Inc. and currently broadcasts a sports talk format .
Liddel Castle is a ruined castle in Liddesdale , by the Liddel Water , near Castleton in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , in the former county of Roxburghshire .
Louisville Museum Plaza was a 62-story skyscraper that was planned for Louisville , Kentucky , United States .
Darreh Ja ( Persian : دره جا‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Jā ; also known asDarjā ) is a village in Mahan Rural District , Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The JW Marriott Essex House , opened in 1931 and commonly known as the Essex House , is a 44-story luxury hotel with 509 Art Deco style rooms , located at 160 Central Park South in Manhattan , across the street from the southern border of Central Park .
Udarj ( Persian : اودرج‎ , also Romanized as Ūdarj ; also known as Odarej and Owdarj ) is a village in Darreh Doran Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Goszów ( ˈɡɔʂuf ) ( German : Gompersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Buccaneers Athletic Club is a youth sports non profit organization located in Pasadena , Maryland .
The Edward R. Ladd Arboretum is an arboretum located at 2024 McCormick Boulevard , Evanston , Illinois , occupying 23 acres ( 93,000 m² ) in a narrow three - quarter mile ( 1.2 km ) stretch between McCormick Boulevard and the North Shore Channel on land leased from the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago .
Soultzmatt ( German : Sulzmatt ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Kahuiyeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : كهوييه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kahū’īyeh - e Soflá ; also known as Kahū’īyeh and Kahū’īyeh - ye Pa’īn ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rincon Center is a complex of shops , restaurants , offices , and apartments in ' South of Market ' in Downtown San Francisco , California .
Gizmel - e Sofla ( Persian : گيزمل سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gīzmel - e Soflá and Gīzmal Sofla ; also known as Gezmel - e Soflá , Gīzmel - e Pā’īn , and Kīzmel - e Soflá ) is a village in Saral Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Sommerbergbahn is a funicular railway in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Rijswijk ( ˈrɛisʋɛik ) ( formerly known as Ryswick in English ) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Garmkhan District ( Persian : بخش گرمخان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Eaton Ford is a district of St Neots and is in Cambridgeshire , England .
Dehmennatali ( Persian : ده منتعلي‎ , also Romanized as Dehmennatʿalī ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Karq Rig ( Persian : كرق ريگ‎ , also Romanized as Karq Rīg ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Blackwood River is a major river and catchment in the South West of Western Australia .
Tangerhütte ( German pronunciation : ( taŋɐˈhʏtə ) ) is a town in the district of Stendal , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Learning Center for the Deaf ( TLC ) is a school for deaf and hard - of - hearing children located in Framingham , Massachusetts .
Lanteglos - by - Fowey ( Old Cornish : Nant Eglos , meaning church valley ) is a coastal civil parish in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kenner Collegiate Vocational Institute ( Kenner CVI ) is the oldest operating high school in Peterborough , Ontario , Canada .
Pivand Farms ( Persian : مرغدارئ پيوند‎ -- Marghdāri Pīvand ) is a village in Narjeh Rural District , in the Central District of Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine is the medical school of the University of Iowa , located in Iowa City , in the U.S. state of Iowa .
Sonalnagar is a small village in Lakhpat taluka of Kutch District in the Indian state Gujarat .
Choromany - Witnice ( xɔrɔˈmanɨ vitˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Tungatinah Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania , Australia .
Stojanowice ( stɔjanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sang - e Deraz ( Persian : سنگدراز‎ , also Romanized as Sang - e Derāz ) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Gel - e Espid ( Persian : گلاسپيد‎ , also Romanized as Gel - e Espīd ; also known as Gelā Sefīd ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Airport Road Subdistrict ( simplified Chinese : 机场路街道 ; traditional Chinese : 機場路街道 ; pinyin : Jīchǎng Lù Jiēdào ) is a subdistrict of Lubei District , Tangshan , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
Portland International Jetport ( IATA : PWM , ICAO : KPWM , FAA LID : PWM ) is a public airport two miles ( 3 km ) west of downtown Portland , in Cumberland County , Maine .
Furka Pass , with an elevation of 2,429 metres ( 7,969 ft ) , is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps connecting Gletsch , Valais with Realp , Uri .
Dam Tang - e Landeh ( Persian : دم تنگ لنده‎ ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tysfjord ( Norwegian ) or Divtasvuodna ( Lule Sami ) is a municipality in Nordland county , Norway .
Hutchinson County Airport ( IATA : BGD , ICAO : KBGD , FAA LID : BGD ) is a county - owned airport two miles north of Borger , Texas .
Limża ( ˈlimʐa ) ( German Limbsee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cinnamon Bay Plantation is an approximately 300-acre ( 1.2 km2 ) property situated on the north central coast of Saint John in the United States Virgin Islands adjacent to Cinnamon Bay .
The Gravesend West Line was a short railway line in Kent that branched off the Swanley to Chatham line at Fawkham Junction and continued for a distance of 5 miles ( 8 km ) to Gravesend where the railway company constructed a pier to connect trains with steamers .
Chah - e Ghafari ( Persian : چاه غفاري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Ghafārī ) is a village in Mahvelat - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahvelat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bunwell is a parish ( population 1024 ) situated in the county of Norfolk , England , approximately 7 miles south - east of Attleborough .
Marngoneet Correctional Centre is a 394-bed medium security Australian prison in Lara , Victoria , Australia , located adjacent to maximum security HM Prison Barwon .
The Frank C. Barnes House , also known as the Barnes Mansion , is a house located in northeast Portland , Oregon , United States , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Johns Hopkins University Baltimore International College Loyola University Maryland Maryland Institute College of Art St. Mary 's Seminary and University Notre Dame of Maryland University The Peabody Institute of Johns Hopkins University Sojourner--
Roos is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Varazdeh - e Sofla ( Persian : ورازده سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Varāzdeh - e Soflá ; also known as Varāzdeh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Cameley is a village and civil parish within the Chew Valley in Somerset in the Bath and North East Somerset Council area just off the A37 road .
Güímar ( Spanish pronunciation : ( gwiˈmaɾ ) ) is the name of a municipality , town , and valley in the eastern part of the Spanish island of Tenerife , one of the Canary Islands , and part of Santa Cruz de Tenerife ( province ) .
Zorra is a township in Oxford County , situated in south - western Ontario , Canada .
Flemingston ( also Lanmihangel y Twyn , or Treffelemin , or Michaelston Le Mont , or Flimstone ) is a small village in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales .
Smarzewo ( smaˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kahyaz ( Persian : كهياز‎ , also Romanized as Kahyāz ; also known as Mahyāz , Qahyāz , and Qehyāz ) is a village in Sofla Rural District , Zavareh District , Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Cory 's Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River that has its source in Warren County , New Jersey and forms the boundary of Union County , New Jersey .
Russell represents the Argyll and Bute Scottish Parliament Constituency which includes Glendaruel .
Oxford College of Arts , Business and Technology is a registered private career college licensed by the Ontario Ministry of Training , Colleges and Universities , located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Paqalat ( Persian : پاقلات‎ , also Romanized as Pāqalāt and Pā Qalāt ; also known as Bā Qalāt , Bāqlāt , Pā Ghalāt , Paghelat , Pa Kalāt , Pā Oalāt , and Pa yi Kalāt ) is a village in Kal Rural District , Eshkanan District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Whitman National Forest was established in Oregon on July 1 , 1908 with 1,234,020 acres ( 4,993.9 km2 ) from part of Blue Mountains National Forest .
The Tim Thering Octagon Barn built in 1907 is an historic octagonal barn built by Edgar Carpenter located north of Plain , Wisconsin .
Keshabad - e Sofla ( Persian : كش ابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Keshābād - e Soflá ; also known as Keshābād ) is a village in Eqbal - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Guni Kandi ( Persian : گوني كندي‎ , also Romanized as Gūnī Kandī and Gūney Kandī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Agrokipia ( Greek : Αγροκηπιά ) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located 3 km west of Klirou .
San Didero ( Piemontese : San Didé , Franco - Provençal : Sen Didé , French : Saint - Didier ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 40 km west of Turin in the Val di Susa .
Rokicina ( rɔkiˈt͡ɕina ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn , within Sochaczew County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Odeda ( or Awdeda ) is a Local Government Area and town in Ogun State , Nigeria .
KSTY ( 104.5 FM ) is a country music formatted radio station licensed to Canon City , Colorado .
Catcliffe is a village and civil parish on the north - west bank of the River Rother in South Yorkshire , England .
Łojewek ( wɔˈjɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Joe Wheeler State Park is a state - owned , public recreation area with resort features located on Wheeler Lake , an impoundment of the Tennessee River in northwest Alabama .
Ludham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , in The Broads , at the end of a dyke leading to Womack Water and flowing into the River Thurne .
La Casamaures is a historic 19th century villa , in the commune of Saint - Martin - le - Vinoux near Grenoble , in the Department of Isère , within the Rhône - Alpes region of France .
Grant Street Park is a football ground in the Merkinch area of Inverness .
Ingram Creek , originally Arroyo de la Suerte , is a 14-mile - long ( 23 km ) tributary of the San Joaquin River in Stanislaus County , in the San Joaquin Valley of California .
Alturas Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KAAT , FAA LID : AAT formerly O00 ) , is a city - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) west of the central business district of Alturas , a city in Modoc County , California , United States .
Prospector railway station is a station in Prospector , Manitoba , Canada 10 km from The Pas , near the intersection of Manitoba Highway 10 and Manitoba Provincial Road 287 just inside Clearwater Lake Provincial Park .
WYRD - FM , known on - air as News Radio WORD , is a news / talk - formatted radio station in the Greenville - Spartanburg area of Upstate South Carolina .
Glinny Stok ( ˈɡlinnɨ ˈstɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Shing Mun ( Chinese : 城門 ) is an area between Tsuen Wan and Sha Tin in the New Territories of Hong Kong .
The Miller - O'Donnell House was a historic residence in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
La Cigale is a theater at 120 , boulevard de Rochechouart near Place Pigalle , in the 18th arrondissement of Paris .
Théâtre des Délassements - Comiques is a name that was used for a number of different theatres in Paris from 1785 to 1890 .
Vancouver General Hospital ( locally known as VGH , or Vancouver General ) is a medical facility located in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Anderson Valley is a sparsely populated region in western Mendocino County in Northern California .
Schomberg ( Sloan Field ) Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSV8 ) is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) west southwest of Schomberg , Ontario , Canada .
The Seat of Government Acceptance Act 1909 is an Australian Commonwealth Government act , that in conjunction with the Seat of Government Surrender Act 1909 transferred land from the state of New South Wales to the Commonwealth for the creation of the Federal Capital Territory ( now Australian Capital Territory ) .
The Reisalpe ( 1,399 m ) is the highest mountain in the Gutenstein Alps and lies between Lilienfeld , Hohenberg and Kleinzell in Lower Austria .
Mirtaher ( Persian : ميرطاهر‎ , also Romanized as Mīrţāher ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Gushalan ( Persian : گوشلان‎ , also Romanized as Gūshalān , Gooshlan , Gūshelān , and Gūshlān ) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Cairnhill ( Chinese : 朗逸峯 ) is a private housing estate in Tsuen Wan , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Srogów Górny ( ˈsrɔɡuf ˈɡurnɨ ) ( Ukrainian : Согорів Горішній , Sohoriv Horishnii ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok , within Sanok County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The District of Lakeland No . 521 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan , located in the Census Division 18 .
Banqalan ( Persian : بانقلان‎ , also Romanized as Bānqalān ; also known as Bāneh Kalān and Bāngalān ) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District , in the Central District of Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Popielewko ( pɔpjɛˈlɛfkɔ ) ( German : Klein Poplow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Eldridge Street Synagogue , built in 1887 , is a National Historic Landmark synagogue in Manhattan 's Chinatown neighborhood .
Movistar Arena is a 15,000-seat multi - purpose indoor arena in Santiago , Chile .
Taveh Espid ( Persian : طاوه اسپيد‎ , also Romanized as Ţāveh Espīd ; also known as Tāveh Safīd and Tāveh Sefīd ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
1818 Market Street ( also known as 1818 Beneficial Bank Place ) is a 40-story skyscraper in downtown Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Juliénas is a commune in the department of Rhône , in east - central France .
Cookley is a village in the Wyre Forest District of Worcestershire , England , a few miles to the north of Kidderminster , and close to the villages of Kinver and Wolverley .
Nandesari INA is a town and an industrial notified area in Vadodara district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
The Boulevard Chave is located in the 5th arrondissement of Marseille .
Amjaz Rural District ( Persian : دهستان امجز‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ab Bahar - e Yek ( Persian : اب بهاريك‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bahār - e Yek ; also known as Nōh Mīlī ) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District , in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Wabash Avenue YMCA is a Chicago Landmark located within the Chicago Landmark Black Metropolis - Bronzeville Historic District in the Douglas community area of Chicago , Illinois .
Wiggenhall St Germans is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk in the East of England .
Zakherd ( Persian : زاخرد‎ , also Romanized as Zākherd ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
South Passage Point Park is a 0.9-acre ( 0.36 ha ) park located in the Eastlake neighborhood of Seattle , Washington , directly underneath the Ship Canal Bridge on the south side of the Lake Union / Portage Bay shoreline .
Riggs Flat Lake is a reservoir located near the top of the Pinaleño Mountains , in the Coronado National Forest and Graham County , Arizona .
The Mount Sneffels Wilderness is a wilderness area in southwest Colorado managed by the Uncompahgre National Forest .
The George W. Childs Recreation Site is a former Pennsylvania state park that is the site of a number of cascade waterfalls along Dingmans Creek ; it has been part of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area since 1983 .
The Götzenstein is a hill in the Odenwald range in Hesse , Germany .
Wismar ( German pronunciation : ( ˈvɪsmaʁ ) ) is a port and Hanseatic city in Northern Germany on the Baltic Sea , in the state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern .
Keyuan ( Chinese : 东莞可园 ; pinyin : Dōngguǎn kěyuán ; literally : `` Dongguan Ke Garden '' ) , located at Boxia ( 博厦 ) , Guancheng District , West Dongguan city , is one of the Four Great Gardens of Guangdong in China .
Johnstone Hall is a dormitory at Clemson University , Clemson , South Carolina that has housed several generations of Clemson undergraduates .
Thousand Island Park Historic District is a national historic district located on the south tip of Wellesley Island at Orleans in Jefferson County , New York , United States .
Wenkbach is a village in Hesse , Germany and part of the municipality of Weimar ( Lahn ) .
Wólka Wojsławska ( ˈvulka vɔi̯ˈswafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Dowaban ( Persian : مزرعه دوابان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Dowābān ; also known as Dowabān ) is a village in Dinavar Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
North Hills Country Club is a country club which relocated located in the 1960s to North Hills , New York , USA .
Mohammad Durailu ( Persian : محمددورايلو‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Dūrāīlū ; also known as Moḩammad Dūlū ) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qasemabad - e Jalil ( Persian : قاسم ابادجليل‎ , also Romanized as Qāsemābād - e Jalīl ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Unieradz ( uˈɲerat͡s ) ( German : Neurese ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
WJUB , 1420AM The Breeze , is a radio station licensed to Plymouth , Wisconsin which has an Adult Standards or standards format .
Ranch to Market Road 2322 ( RM 2322 ) is a 4.6-mile ( 7.4 km ) state - maintained roadway located in Travis County , Texas .
Gaggon is a village in Rupnagar ( Ropar ) district of Punjab .
Žlutice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʒlucɪtsɛ ) ; German : Luditz ) is a town and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
The Ririe B Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge is a Pegram truss railroad bridge which crosses the flood channel of the Snake River north of Ririe , Idaho .
Horné Saliby ( Hungarian : Felsőszeli ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south - west Slovakia .
Borokathal as it is known generally , now officially known as Uatlok Twithu , is a small town located in the interiors of Sadar sub - division of West Tripura district of Tripura , India .
Katigar ( Persian : كتيگر‎ , also Romanized as Katīgar ; also known as Kangar and Katkar ) is a village in Lakan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Beh Bid ( Persian : به بيد‎ , also Romanized as Beh Bīd ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lake Allegan is a man - made lake located in Valley Township just outside the city of Allegan in the U.S. state of Michigan ( Allegan County ) .
Andrott Island ( Malayalam : ആന്ധ്രോത് ദ്വീപ് ) , also known as Androth Island , is a small inhabited island in the Union Territory of Lakshadweep , a group of 36 coral islands scattered in the Arabian Sea off the western coast of India
Hjerkinn is a village in the municipality of Dovre , in the Oppland county in Norway .
Lompnas or Lompnaz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France .
Do Qolleh ( Persian : دوقله‎ , also Romanized as Doqolleh ) is a village in Banestan Rural District , in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Anderson Inlet , sometimes incorrectly referred to as Andersons Inlet , is a shallow and dynamic estuary in South Gippsland , Victoria , Australia where the Tarwin River enters Bass Strait .
Samthang ( old ) is a village in the Champhai district of Mizoram , India .
The West End Church of Christ Silver Point is a folk vernacular brick church in the unincorporated community of Silver Point , Tennessee , United States .
Żelki ( ˈʐɛlki ) , ( German : Groß Silkow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The joint Parish Council for Nettleden with Potten End CP administers under Dacorum Borough Council .
Żminne ( ˈʐminnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień , within Parczew County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Pedra Branca do Amapari ( White Stone of Amaphary ) , also known simply as Amapari , is a municipality located in the midwest of the state of Amapá in Brazil .
Bittenfeld is an incorporated ( 1975 ) town located in the northernmost quarter of Waiblingen in the Rems - Murr - Kreis in Baden - Württemberg .
The Heinsbergen Decorating Company Building , also known as the AT Heinsbergen & Company Building , is a historic building on Beverly Boulevard in Los Angeles , California .
Kaletka ( kaˈlɛtka ) ( German : Kalitten , until 1938 : Kalittken ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
South Terrace , Fremantle is a road in Fremantle , Western Australia that is renowned as the Cappucino Strip of Fremantle , due to the high number of coffee shops and restaurants .
Lattin - Crandall Octagon Barn is a historic octagonal barn located near Catharine in Schuyler County , New York .
Whiskey Dick Mountain is located 15 miles ( 24 km ) east of Ellensburg , in Washington state .
Dobrówko ( dɔˈbrufkɔ ) ( formerly German Klein Dubberow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
KPHS ( 90.3 FM ) is a high school radio station at Plains High School in Plains , Texas .
Afshariyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان افشاريه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khorramdasht District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Garevo ( Cyrillic : Гарево ) is a small village in Serbia close to Veliko Gradište .
The Quimper Peninsula is a narrow peninsula forming the most northeastern extent of the Olympic Peninsula of Washington state in the northwestern United States of America .
Gmina Izbicko , German Gemeinde Stubendorf , is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Wanha Satama ( Finnish for `` old harbour '' ) is an exhibition centre in Helsinki , Finland .
KVVO - LP ( 94.1 FM ) is an English language radio station located in Abilene , Texas .
Anzac Avenue is a heritage - listed major arterial road north of Brisbane , Queensland .
Wincham Park is a football stadium in Wincham , a parish on the edge of Northwich , England .
Woliczno ( vɔˈlit͡ʂnɔ ) ( German : Golz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Torre de Moncorvo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈtoʁ(ɨ ) ðɨ mõˈkoɾvu ) ) is a municipality in the district of Bragança in Portugal .
Millboro School , also known as Millboro Elementary School , Millboro High School , and Bath County High School , is a historic school complex located at Millboro , Bath County , Virginia .
Homún Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` Unripened '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 192.89 km2 ) of land and located roughly 50 km southeast of the city of Mérida .
Madison Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of South Dakota and includes 129,700 acres ( 524 km2 ) .
Four Leaf Towers is a high - rise residential complex located in Houston , Texas , United States , on San Felipe Street adjacent to the Uptown Houston district .
Karam Bal - e Ramazan ( Persian : كرمبل رمضان‎ , also Romanized as Karam Bal - e Ramaẕān ; also known as Karīm Bāl ) is a village in Negur Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Porto União is a city located in the Northern Plateau in the State of Santa Catarina and in the left bank of Iguazu River , bordering the city of União da Vitória , Paraná .
KALX ( 90.7 FM ) is an FM radio station that broadcasts from the University of California , Berkeley in Berkeley , California .
McDame Creek is a creek located in the Cassiar Land District of British Columbia .
Aalborg Airport ( Danish : Aalborg Lufthavn ) ( IATA : AAL , ICAO : EKYT ) is a dual - use ( civilian / military ) airport located in Nørresundby , Aalborg Municipality , Denmark , which is 3.5 NM ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) northwest of Aalborg .
Grindley Brook is a small village in Shropshire , England , on the A41 trunk road around 1.5 miles north west of the market town of Whitchurch .
KESR ( 107.1 FM , `` 107.1 Bob FM '' ) is a radio station located in Redding , California .
Ganj Konar ( Persian : گنج كنار‎ , also Romanized as Ganj Konār ) is a village in Rameshk Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Elko High School ( EHS ) is a public secondary school in Elko , Nevada , in the United States .
Town Center Plaza is an open air shopping center in Leawood , Kansas .
Hale Building was an office structure which opened in 1927 at 7 - 9 - 11 East 44th Street ( Manhattan ) .
Chol Chol Chal ( Persian : چل چل چال‎ , also Romanized as Chol Chol Chāl ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Aïre is a small locality in the Canton of Geneva .
The Nevins Memorial Library at 305 Broadway in Methuen , Massachusetts was built in 1883 to honor David Nevins , Sr . as a memorial gift from his wife Eliza Nevins ( née Eliza Coffin ) , his elder son David Nevins , Jr. , and his younger son Henry Coffin Nevins .
Darreh Arzani ( Persian : دره ارزني‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Arzanī , Darreh Arzānī , and Darreh - ye Arzenī ; also known as Dar - e Arzānī , Darreh Arzan , and Derah Arzāni ) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Minor Sod House , also known as Minor Post Office , near McDonald , Kansas is a sod house that was built c. 1907 .
Matore is a village , surrounded by hills , in the heart of Kahuta Tehsil a subdivision of Rawalpindi District , in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Wola Korycka Dolna ( ˈvɔla kɔˈrɨt͡ska ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Historic Oakwood Cemetery was founded in 1869 in North Carolina 's capital , Raleigh , near the North Carolina State Capitol in the city 's Historic Oakwood neighborhood .
The Lamplighter School is a nonsectarian co - ed day school located in Dallas , Texas , USA .
Leśniewo Wielkie ( lɛɕˈɲɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Central Falls Mill Historic District is located between Roosevelt Avenue and the Blackstone River in Central Falls , Rhode Island .
Łagiszyn ( waˈɡiʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Stoughtonham Furnace Site is the site of a colonial - era iron foundry in Foxborough and Sharon , Massachusetts .
WMDM is a classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Lexington Park , Maryland , serving Southern Maryland and the Northern Neck .
Noarootsi Parish ( Estonian : Noarootsi vald , Swedish : Nuckö kommun ) is a rural municipality in Lääne County , western Estonia .
Irrumbaanadu ( Tamil : இரும்பாநாடு ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Academy of Urban Planning is a small high school located in Brooklyn , New York on the Bushwick High School Campus .
Buntingford is a small market town and civil parish in the district of East Hertfordshire and county of Hertfordshire in England .
The Owlshead Mountains are located at the southern end of Death Valley National Park near the border of the Fort Irwin Military Reservation in San Bernardino County , California , USA .
The CQA Four Mile Bridge spans the Big Horn River in Hot Springs County , Wyoming .
Burgundy Farm Country Day School is a progressive independent school on a 25-acre ( 100,000 m2 ) campus in the Alexandria neighborhood of Fairfax County , Virginia , and 500 acres ( 2.0 km2 ) in West Virginia .
Dust Cave is a Paleoindian archaeology site located in northern Alabama .
The Black Eagle Brewery is the former brewing plant of Truman 's Brewery located around Brick Lane in the Spitalfields area , in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Allah Verdiabad ( Persian : اللّه وردي آباد‎ , also Romanized as Allāh Verdīābād ) is a village in Lajran Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Mount Sacred Heart College was a small Catholic women 's college in Hamden , Connecticut .
The Reed and Barton Complex is an historic industrial complex at West Brittania and Danforth Streets in Taunton , Massachusetts .
Draby ( ˈdrabɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sprundel is a hamlet in the southern Netherlands , in the Rucphen municipality .
Ndejje is located in Luweero District , approximately 42 kilometres ( 26 mi ) , by road , north of Kampala , Uganda 's capital and largest city .
Cheshmeh Chai - ye Sofla ( Persian : چشمه چاي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chāī - ye Soflá ; also known as Cheshmeh Chāhī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Karezan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Chah - e Mazar ( Persian : چاه مزار‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Mazār and Chāh - i - Mazār ) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District , Seh Qaleh District , Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Storm Lake Municipal Airport ( IATA : SLB , ICAO : KSLB , FAA LID : SLB ) is a city - owned public - use airport located in Storm Lake , Iowa .
Haddadeh ( Persian : حداده‎ , also Romanized as ' Ḩaddādeh ) is a village in Damankuh Rural District , in the Central District of Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Hurazeh ( Persian : هورازه‎‎ , also Romanized as Hūrāzeh ) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Bröhan Museum is a museum of art and design in Berlin .
Ajawaan Lake is a lake in the northern boreal forest portion of Prince Albert National Park , Saskatchewan , 700 metres from the north end of Kingsmere Lake via a wide portage trail .
The Ririe Reservoir is a reservoir located near Ririe , Idaho .
Kiszewko ( kiˈʂɛfkɔ ) ( German : Kerndorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Miami Municipal Airport ( IATA : MIO , ICAO : KMIO , FAA LID : MIO ) is a city owned airport two miles northwest of Miami , in Ottawa County , Oklahoma .
Wargawka Młoda ( varˈɡafka ˈmwɔda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The AMK Ranch is a research center referred to as the University of Wyoming - National Park Research Station on the eastern shore of Jackson Lake in Grand Teton National Park .
Netherbrae is an area of farmland and small crofts in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach is an open - wheel race held on a street circuit in Long Beach , California .
The Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife preserve operated by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on the Nisqually River Delta near Puget Sound in northeastern Thurston County , Washington and northwestern Pierce County , Washington .
Totnes ( /ˈtɒtnᵻs/ or /tɒtˈnɛs/ ) is a market town and civil parish at the head of the estuary of the River Dart in Devon , England within the South Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
Simão Dias is a Brazilian municipality located in the far west of the Brazilian state of Sergipe .
The Franzhagen Castle - also known as Franzgarten or Franzhof was a castle near the present - day Schulendorf in southern Schleswig - Holstein .
Jankowo - Skarbowo ( janˈkɔvɔ skarˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rodel ( Scottish Gaelic : Roghadal ) is a village on the south - eastern coast of Harris , an island in the Scottish Outer Hebrides .
The Château de Vaujours is a ruined castle from the 12th and 15th centuries , located in the commune of Château - la - Vallière in the Indre - et - Loire département of central France .
The Wasserkuppe is a mountain within the German state of Hesse .
Bishopstoke , a village recorded in the Domesday Book , is a civil parish in the borough of Eastleigh in Hampshire , England .
Chentang , officially Zhêntang Town ( Chinese : 陈塘镇 ) is a town in Dinggyê County , in the Shigatse prefecture - level city of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Located in the Semien Gondar Zone of the Amhara Region , Mekane Berhan has a latitude and longitude of 12 ° 59′N 38 ° 07′E with an elevation of approximately 2900 meters above sea level .
Tetcott is a civil parish , small settlement and former manor ( once the home of the Arscotts of Tetcott ) in Devon , England .
Mellerów ( mɛlˈlɛruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Beryah Khani ( Persian : بريه خاني‎ , also Romanized as Beryah Khānī and Beryeh Khānī ; also known as Beryā Khānī , Būrīākhānī , and Būryā Khānī ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kehi Shrine ( 氣比神宮 , Kehi jingu ) is a Shinto shrine in Tsuruga , Fukui Prefecture .
The Lombardo Building is a historic warehouse in Huntsville , Alabama .
Shuri - ye Bozorg ( Persian : شوري بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Shūrī - ye Bozorg , Shūrī , Shūrī Bozorg , and Shūrī - Yebozorg ) is a village in Takht - e Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cardinal McCarrick High School is a Catholic secondary school located in South Amboy , New Jersey , that operates under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metuchen .
KAMP - FM ( 97.1 FM `` 97.1 AMP Radio '' ) - is a Top 40 ( CHR ) radio station in Los Angeles , California .
The Moses Merrill Mission , also known as the Oto Mission , was located about eight miles west of Bellevue , Nebraska .
The Andrew John Volstead House is the historic house in Granite Falls , Minnesota of ten - term United States Congressman Andrew Volstead ( 1860 - -1947 ) .
Pacheh Gav ( Persian : پاچه گاو‎ , also Romanized as Pācheh Gāv ) is a village in Shurab - e Tangazi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Żaganiec ( ʐaˈɡaɲet͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowa , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Farashian ( Persian : فراشيان‎ , also Romanized as Farāshīān , Farashiyan , Farrāshīyān , and Farrāshyān ; also known as Farasīāh ) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District , Helali District , Joghatai County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Jordan River Bridge is a two - lane bridge crossing the Jordan River , Tasmania within the greater area of Hobart , Tasmania , Australia .
The Sunshine Building is a historic structure in downtown Albuquerque , in the U.S. state of New Mexico , at the intersection of Central Avenue and Second Street .
Privately owned Bedarra Island is in the heart of the Family Islands National Park , off the Queensland coast in Australia .
Towie Barclay Castle is a historic castle in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , 4.5 miles south - south - east of Turriff .
The Saugeen Kame Terraces is a 431-hectare provincially significant Earth Science Area of Natural and Scientific Interest in Ontario , Canada .
Bieńki - Skrzekoty ( ˈbjɛɲki skʂɛˈkɔtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
LaVell Edwards Stadium is an outdoor athletic stadium in Provo , Utah on the campus of Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Marston Magna ( also known as Broad or Great Marston ) is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Yeovil in the South Somerset district .
The Château d'Ételan is a historical building in the commune of Saint - Maurice - d'Ételan in the Seine - Maritime département in Normandy , France .
Halidzor ( Armenian : Հալիձոր ) , is a village in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Nam Fung Chau ( Chinese : 南風洲 ) is an island of Hong Kong , under the administration of Sai Kung District .
The Backbone Trail is a long distance trail extending 67.79 miles ( 109.10 km ) across the length of the Santa Monica Mountains in the U.S. state of California .
Jabarakab ( Persian : جابركعب‎ , also Romanized as Jābarakʿab ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bhagawangola II is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Albiano ( German : Albian ) is a comune in the autonomous province of Trentino in north Italy .
Sunset Drive , also known as Southwest 72nd Street is a 12.5-mile - long ( 20.1 km ) east -- west arterial road traversing the southwestern suburbs of Miami , Florida , from the northwestern portions of the Kendall area to Coral Gables .
The Grand Victoria Casino Elgin is a riverboat casino in Elgin , Illinois , United States , located about 40 mi ( 64 km ) west of Chicago .
Chenxi County ( simplified Chinese : 辰溪县 ; traditional Chinese : 辰溪縣 ; pinyin : Chénxī Xiàn ) is under the administration of Huaihua , Hunan province , China .
Atlow is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire , England , about eight miles west of Belper .
Jurandvor is a village in Croatia , just to the north of Baška .
Maszewy ( maˈʂɛvɨ ) ( German : Maxkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Burncoose is a hamlet near Gwennap in west Cornwall , England ;
Tajeshk ( Persian : تجشك‎ , also Romanized as Tajeshg ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Koszorów ( kɔˈʂɔruf ) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Finkum ( Frysk : Feinsum ) is a small village in Leeuwarderadeel in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Jinqiao ( Chinese : 金桥 ; pinyin : Jīnqiáo ; literally : `` Golden Bridge '' ) is a town of Pudong , Shanghai , China .
Olympic Heights Community High School is a public high school located at 20101 Lyons Road , serving west Boca Raton , parts of Boynton Beach and parts of Delray Beach as part of the School District of Palm Beach County , Florida .
Trzebielsk ( ˈtʂɛbjɛlsk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marvin Methodist Episcopal Church , South ( Marvin United Methodist Church ; Marvin Church ) is a historic church at 300 W. Erwin Street in Tyler , Texas .
Pong Yaeng ( Thai : โป่งแยง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Rim District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Band - e Kaisar ( Persian : بند قیصر , `` Caesar 's dam''‎ ) , Pol - e Kaisar ( `` Caesar 's bridge '' ) , Bridge of Valerian or Shadirwan was an ancient arch bridge in Shushtar , Iran , and the first in the country to combine it with a dam .
The Chaffee Art Center for the Visual Arts is an art center located in Rutland , Vermont .
Dorstone is a village within the Golden Valley , Herefordshire , England .
Cape Stallworthy ( originally Svartevaeg ) is a peninsula in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Jasiorówka ( jaɕɔˈrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tintignac is a hamlet near Naves in the Corrèze region of France .
Khaleng ( Persian : خالنگ‎ , also Romanized as Khāleng ; also known as Khāleng’ī ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bodinayakanur taluk is a taluk of Theni district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Lake Manatee State Park ( Lake Manatee State Recreation Area ) is a 556-acre ( 2.3 km2 ) State Park in the U.S. state of Florida , located on the south shore of 2,400-acre ( 10 km2 ) Lake Manatee .
The Sagtikos State Parkway , also known as the Sagtikos or Sagtikos Parkway , is a 5.14-mile ( 8.27 km ) north -- south limited - access parkway in Suffolk County on Long Island , New York , in the United States .
Sanford Stadium is the on - campus playing venue for football at the University of Georgia in Athens , Georgia , United States .
Razmeghan ( Persian : رزمغان‎ , also Romanized as Razmeghān , Razmegān , Rakzaman , Rāzmakān , Razmaqān , and Razmqān ) is a village in Golian Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lima Region , also known as Departamento de Lima , is one of the twenty - five regions of Peru .
The Carnegie Library of Covington , also known as Covington Public Library , is a historic Carnegie library located at the corner of Fifth and Crockett Streets ( 622 S. Fifth St. ) , Covington , Fountain County , Indiana .
The Sainte Marie Coal Mine is one of the major Ronchamp coal mines , located in Bourlémont ( Ronchamp , Haute - Saône ) , in eastern France .
Yrgyz District ( Kazakh : Ырғыз ауданы ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan .
Monreith is a small seaside village located in the Machars , Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
The Mathias Ham House is a 19th - century house in Dubuque , Iowa that is on the National Register of Historic Places .
Lemah ( Persian : لمه‎ ) is a village in Kalashi Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Cockpen and Carrington Parish Church is located to the south of the town of Bonnyrigg in Midlothian , Scotland .
Kujawka ( kuˈjafka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Mohammady ( Persian : مزرعه محمدئ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Moḩammady ) is a village in Ala - e Marvdasht Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The New York Institute of Photography ( or NYIP ) is a for - profit distance education school based out of New York City , offering different courses in photography to students all over the world .
Northern Nash High School is a high school located in Nash County , west of the Rocky Mount , North Carolina city limits .
Parrsboro is a Canadian town located in Cumberland County , Nova Scotia .
Kabrik ( Persian : كبريك‎ , also Romanized as Kabrīk ; also known as Kaberak , Kavarik , and Kyavaryk ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
WMGC - FM is a radio station in Detroit , Michigan broadcasting at 105.1 MHz , and airs a sports talk format as `` Detroit Sports 105.1 . ''
Rubicon Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe in the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County , California .
The Museum of the Siderurgy of Asturias ( in Spanish Museo de la Siderurgia de Asturias ) , is a museum located in La Felguera , in the Principality of Asturias , northern Spain .
The Newton Arboretum and Botanical Gardens 3 acres ( 12,000 m² ) are an arboretum and botanical gardens located within Agnes Patterson Park , at the intersection of North Beltline and 4th Street , Newton , Iowa .
Farm to Market Road 1570 , or FM 1570 , is a major thoroughfare located in Hunt County , Texas , roughly along the city limits of Greenville , Texas .
Café Pamplona , located at 12 Bow St. beside the intersection of Bow and Arrow Streets near Harvard Square , Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA , is a café .
Inchmickery is a small island in the Firth of Forth in Scotland .
Ferncliff Peninsula Natural Area is a 100-acre ( 40 ha ) peninsula with a unique habitat with many rare and unusual , for Pennsylvania , plants .
The Baltimore Heritage Walk is a heritage trail that links 20 historic sites and museums in Baltimore , Maryland .
Zila - ye Aliasgar ( Persian : زيلاعلي عسگر‎ , also Romanized as Zīlā - ye ʿAlīʿasgar ) is a village in Chelo Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bhour is a village in the Punjab state of India , located near the city of Sultanpur Lodhi , in the Kapurthala district .
Ball Mountain Dam ( National ID # VT00001 ) is a dam in Jamaica , Windham County , Vermont , in the southeastern part of the state .
Rico Town Hall or Rico City Hall is a multi - purpose building in the tiny mountain mining town of Rico , Colorado , USA .
The East Branch Penobscot River is a 75.3-mile - long ( 121.2 km ) tributary of Maine 's Penobscot River .
Stepping Stones Museum for Children is a hands - on children 's museum for ages 10 and under located at 303 West Avenue , in the Central section of Norwalk , Connecticut .
Bikehdan ( Persian : بيكهدان‎ , also Romanized as Bīkehdān ; also known as Bekahdān ) is a village in Aliabad - e Malek Rural District , in the Central District of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wagner Farm Arboretum is a new arboretum currently being established at 197 Mountain Avenue , Warren Township in Somerset County , New Jersey .
The Alpine Loop National Back Country Byway is located northeast of Silverton , Colorado in San Juan and Hinsdale Counties .
Steinway Mansion is a historic home located on a one acre hilltop in the Astoria section of Queens , New York City .
Retta Nagala is a village in Muzaffarnagar district , Uttar Pradesh , India situated on the Roorkee Road ( NH-58 ) with a population between 5,000 to 6,000 .
The Helen Anderson House is a well preserved English Cottage Revival structure in Phoenix , Arizona .
The National Afro - American Museum and Cultural Center is a museum located in Wilberforce , Ohio , whose mission is to chronicle through its collections and programs the rich and varied experiences of African Americans from their African origins to the present .
Vassar College ( /ˈvæsər/ VASS - ər ) is a private , coeducational , liberal arts college in the town of Poughkeepsie , New York , in the United States .
Savo Hall , also known as the Finnish National Society Hall , is a historic meeting hall in Savo Township , Brown County , South Dakota .
Hudson Valley Mall is a shopping mall located in Kingston , New York , in the area known as the Town of Ulster .
Żabówko ( ʐaˈbufkɔ ) ( German : Klein Sabow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Broward Center for the Performing Arts is a large multi - venue theater and entertainment complex located in the heart of downtown Fort Lauderdale , Florida , USA .
The Armenian Genocide Martyrs Monument , better known as Montebello Genocide Memorial , is a monument in Montebello , California in the Los Angeles metropolitan area , dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide of 1915 .
Rajakol ( Persian : رجاكل‎ , also Romanized as Rajākol ) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Patkuhi ( Persian : پتكوهي‎ , also Romanized as Patkūhī ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Brokaw - McDougall House is a historic mansion in Tallahassee , Florida .
Monterey College of Law ( MCL ) is a private , non - profit law school founded in 1972 in Monterey , California .
Leżnice ( lɛʐˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German : Lägs ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mansurabad - e Sarab Khamzan ( Persian : منصورابادسراب خمزان‎ , also Romanized as Manşūrābād - e Sarāb Khamzān ; also known as Manşūrābād and Serowkhīzon ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Kapitańszczyzna ( kapitaɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Sardurun ( Persian : سردورون‎ , also Romanized as Sardūrūn ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Mossley West railway station is located in the townland of Ballyhenry in the north of Newtownabbey , County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
The Franconia Railway ( German : Frankenbahn ) is a 180 km long railway line in the north of the German state of Baden - Württemberg and the Bavarian province of Lower Franconia that links Stuttgart and Würzburg .
West Chester University of Pennsylvania ( WCUPA ) is a public university located in West Chester , Pennsylvania , about 25 miles ( 40 km ) west of Philadelphia .
Predloka ( pronounced ( pɾɛˈdloːka ) ) is a small village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Ban Nong Pradu is a village ( Muban ) in the Chai Nat province in central Thailand .
Sokolniki - Parcela ( sɔkɔlˈniki parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Lingui District ( Chinese : 临桂区 ; pinyin : Línguì Qū ) is a district administered by Guilin , Guangxi , China , and located midway between Guilin and Yangshuo .
Dobruchów ( dɔˈbruxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Farm to Market Road 1650 ( FM 1650 ) is a farm to market road located primarily in Upshur County , Texas .
Bull Shoals - White River State Park is a 732-acre ( 296 ha ) Arkansas state park in Baxter and Marion Counties , Arkansas in the United States .
The DePauw Avenue Historic District is a national historic district just northeast of downtown New Albany , Indiana , across the Ohio River from Louisville , Kentucky .
Winchester Speedway is a half - mile paved oval motor racetrack in White River Township , Randolph County , just outside Winchester , Indiana , approximately 90 miles ( 145 km ) northeast of Indianapolis .
Wandalin nad Szosą ( vanˈdalin ˌnat ˈʂɔsɔ̃ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Suti I ( Bengali : সূতী I ) is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Janan ( Persian : جانان‎ , also Romanized as Jānān ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Thomasville Railroad Passenger Depot is a historic train station located at Thomasville , Davidson County , North Carolina .
Currambena School is an independent primary and preschool in Lane Cove , New South Wales .
Mahmudabad County ( Persian : شهرستان محمودآباد‎ ) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran .
The Duchess of Kent Children 's Hospital at Sandy Bay ( Chinese : 大口環根德公爵夫人兒童醫院 ) is a pediatric hospital in Sandy Bay on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
The Nabesna Road is a minor highway in the U.S. state of Alaska that extends 42 miles ( 68 km ) from the Slana River to Nabesna , providing access to some interior components of Wrangell - St . Elias National Park .
Albany Law School is a private , independent , ABA accredited law school based in Albany , New York .
Săuca ( Hungarian : Sződemeter , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈsøːdɛmɛtɛr ) ) is a commune of 1,470 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Sarchehan District ( Persian : بخش سرچهان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Calea Victoriei ( Victory Avenue ) is a major avenue in central Bucharest .
Rajab Sara ( Persian : رجب سرا‎ , also Romanized as Rajab Sarā ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Madargan ( Persian : مادرگان‎ , also Romanized as Mādargān ; also known as Mādarkān and Mādarkūn ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District , Jolgeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Snyder Middleswarth Natural Area is a 500 acre ( 202 ha ) National Natural Landmark within Bald Eagle State Forest in Spring Township , Snyder County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Kolonia Pęcławska ( kɔˈlɔɲa pɛnt͡sˈwafska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Sam Rayburn House Museum is located in the North Texas town of Bonham , in the county of Fannin , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Defot is a locality and former mining boomtown in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located west of Mount Defot .
Northfleet Green is a hamlet in the borough of Gravesham in Kent , England .
Lake Palestine is a freshwater lake in northeast Texas .
The Mifflin Elementary School in the Lincoln Place neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania is a building from 1932 .
Stalag VI - B was a German World War II prisoner - of - war camp ( Stammlager ) , located about 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) east of the village of Versen in the Emsland district of Lower Saxony , in north - western Germany , close to the border with the Netherlands .
Bazabad ( Persian : بازاباد‎ , also Romanized as Bāzābād ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sidhpura is a town and a nagar panchayat in Etah district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Holthees is a very small village in the municipality of Boxmeer on the border of the Dutch provinces North Brabant and Limburg .
Hasanabad - e Nazarian ( Persian : حسن ابادنظريان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Naz̧arīān and Ḩasanābād - e Naz̧areyān ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The civil parish was created from the four previous ecclesiastical parishes of Cranworth , Letton , Southburgh and Woodrising by the County of Norfolk Review Order , 1935 .
Castle Gatehouse , Washington Aqueduct is a pumping station at the Georgetown Reservoir on the Washington Aqueduct in The Palisades neighborhood of Washington , D.C. , United States .
Hoxtolgay or Heshituoluogai ( Oirat : χoʃ tolɣæ ' twin peaks ' , Chinese : 和什托洛盖镇 Héshítuōluògài Zhèn ) is a town in Hoboksar Mongol Autonomous County , Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region , PR China .
Resurrection Manor was a historic home located near Hollywood , St. Mary 's County , Maryland , United States .
The Elmer Smith Power Plant is a coal - fired power plant owned and operated by the city of Owensboro , Kentucky .
Kajiran ( Persian : كجيران‎ , also Romanized as Kajīrān ) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Zalunabad ( Persian : زالون اباد‎ , also Romanized as Zālūnābād ) is a village in Qanavat Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
The McDonough School of Business ( commonly abbreviated MSB ) is one of the four undergraduate and one of the five graduate schools of Georgetown University in Washington , D.C. It is named in honor of Georgetown alumnus Robert Emmett McDonough .
The Sherman Creek Generating Station was a coal - fired power plant built by the United Electric Light and Power Company in New York City , on Manhattan Island at 201st Street and the Harlem River .
Edward Little High School is a public high school in Auburn , Maine , United States that was first established as Lewiston Falls Academy in 1835 .
O.M. Edwards Building is located at the intersection of Plum and Solar Streets in Syracuse , New York .
Crookstown ( Irish : An Baile Gallda , meaning `` town of the invader or foreigner '' ) is a small town in the south of County Kildare , Ireland .
Dilsukhnagar is one of the largest commercial and residential centers in Hyderabad .
Chattooga High School , ( CHS / Chattooga County High School ) is a public high school in the northwest Georgia city of Summerville , USA .
Miszewo Wielkie ( miˈʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Logan Regional Hospital is a 148-bed general hospital located in Logan , Utah .
Canning Vale College ( CVC ) is a state high school located in Canning Vale , a suburb of Perth , Western Australia .
St. Louis Christian College is a private four year undergraduate Bible college located at 1360 Grandview Drive in Florissant , Missouri .
Santa Vittoria in Matenano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 miles ) south of Ancona and about 20 km ( 12 mi ) northwest of Ascoli Piceno .
Knewstubb Lake is an arm or stretch of the Ootsa Lake Reservoir in the Nechako Country of the western Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
1010 Mass is a high - rise building in Washington , D.C. The building rises 15 floors and 157 feet ( 48 m ) in height .
Lorsanvar ( Persian : لرسانور‎ , also Romanized as Lorsānvar ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Vancouver Island Regional Correctional Centre ( VIRCC ) is a Regional Correctional Centre that is located in the District Municipality of Saanich , Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Tegh ( Armenian : Տեղ ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Fornells de la Selva is a municipality in the comarca of Gironès that forms part of the urban area of Girona .
Ralston Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe within the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County , California .
Kaveh - ye Olya ( Persian : كاوه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kāveh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 30 , in 7 families .
Razin Dul ( Persian : رزين دول‎ , also Romanized as Razīn Dūl ; also known as Zarrīn Dūl ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
WITY 980AM is a stand - alone radio station which began broadcasting in 1953 in Danville , Illinois , USA , owned by Illiana Communications , LLC . The format is Adult Standards with daily farm programming .
The Santa Ynez River is one of the largest rivers on the Central Coast of California .
Oregon Jack Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada located in the Clear Range west of Ashcroft .
The Mike Rose Soccer Complex is a complex of 16 soccer fields and one 2,500-capacity stadium located in Memphis , Tennessee .
Stójków ( ˈstui̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek - Zdrój , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The NASA Infrared Telescope Facility ( NASA IRTF ) is a 3-meter ( 9.8 ft ) telescope optimized for use in infrared astronomy and located at the Mauna Kea Observatory in Hawaii .
WPAR is a Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Salem , Virginia ; with studios in Lynchburg .
The Hubbard Free Library is the public library serving Hallowell , Maine and the surrounding communities of Chelsea and Farmingdale .
Pociękarb ( pɔˈt͡ɕenkarp ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reńska Wieś , within Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Merlette is a quartier of Saint Barthélemy in the Caribbean .
Martinsville High School is the only high school located in Martinsville , Indiana .
Petts Wood railway station serves Petts Wood in the London Borough of Bromley , and is in Travelcard Zone 5 .
Talking Rocks Cavern ( originally called Fairy Cave ) is a cavern system located in Stone County , just west of Reeds Spring in the U.S. state of Missouri .
The Bates Building is a historic house in the Columbia - Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Eiguliai is an eldership in the city of Kaunas , Lithuania .
Mount Ellery , with an elevation of 1,280 metres ( 4,200 ft ) AMSL , is a mountain that is part of the Errinundra Plateau within the Errinundra National Park , located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Lhain ( Chinese : 联乡 ) is a village and township of Samzhubzê District ( Shigatse City ) , in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
Karimabad - e Ayaghchi ( Persian : كريم آباد اياغچي‎ , also Romanized as Karīmābād - e Ayāghchī ; also known as Karīmābād ) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
JAC Recording , Inc. , was a small American recording studio based in New York City at 152 West 58th Street .
Azarchal ( Persian : ازارچال‎ , also Romanized as Āzārchāl ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Khamand ( Persian : خمند‎ ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Khumeh Zar ( Persian : خومه زار‎ , also Romanized as Khūmeh Zār ) is a city in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Buniel is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos , Castilla y León , Spain .
The Skitube Alpine Railway is an Australian standard gauge electric rack railway in the Kosciuszko National Park in New South Wales .
KOZN is a sports talk station in Omaha , Nebraska .
Pettstadt is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg with about 1,900 inhabitants .
The City of Devonport is a local government area of Tasmania , encompassing the city of Devonport in northern Tasmania .
Navamalai is a small village in the panchayat town of Kottur - Malayandipattinam in Coimbatore District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Valley Stream Central High School is a public senior high school ( grades 10 - 12 ) in the village of Valley Stream , New York in southwest Nassau County .
Warcino ( varˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( former German name : Varzin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Marischal College is a large granite building on Broad Street in the centre of Aberdeen in north - east Scotland , and since 2011 has acted as the headquarters of Aberdeen City Council .
Balgillo is a housing development in the Dundee suburb of Broughty Ferry .
CJNI - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting at 95.7 FM in Halifax , Nova Scotia with a News / talk format branded on - air as News 95.7 .
Saxon Switzerland National Park ( German : Nationalpark Sächsische Schweiz ) , is a National Park in the German Free State of Saxony near the capital city of Dresden .
Belfast Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KBST , FAA LID : BST ) is a public use airport in Waldo County , Maine , United States .
Munipally or Munpally is a village in Jakranpally Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India .
Pueblo de Viudas ( Spanish for widow 's town , pronounced : ( ˈpweβlo ðe ˈβʝuðas ) ) is a Chilean village , currently part of urban Pichilemu , Cardenal Caro Province , O'Higgins Region .
Rockford University is a private American liberal arts college in Rockford , Illinois .
Foots Cray ( or Footscray ) is an area of South East London , within the London Borough of Bexley .
Fath Bagh ( Persian : فته باغ‎ , also Romanized as Fatḩ Bāgh ; also known as Patbāgh ) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Batchi ( Persian : بطچي‎ , also Romanized as Baţchī ) is a village in Firuraq Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Building at 140 W. Main Street is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County , Delaware .
Loma Linda University Medical Center ( LLUMC ) is a teaching hospital , children 's hospital , and research center on the campus of Loma Linda University in Loma Linda , California , United States .
Ungma is one of the more developed villages in Nagaland .
Knickerbocker Village Limited is a lower - middle class housing development situated between the Manhattan Bridge and Brooklyn Bridge , in what is generally considered to be the Two Bridges section of the Lower East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
`` Cloud Home '' is a historic home located at Pottsville , Schuylkill County , Pennsylvania .
Österhagen och Bergliden ( or simply Österhagen ) is a locality situated in Upplands - Bro Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden with 213 inhabitants in 2010 .
KWJG ( 91.5 FM ) was a non - commercial radio station in Kasilof , Alaska , broadcasting to the Kenai , Alaska , area .
The Cumberland Bone Cave is a fossil - filled cave along the western slope of Wills Mountain on the outskirts of Cumberland , Maryland near Corriganville in Allegany County , Maryland .
Peacock 's Lock Viaduct is a stone arch bridge over the Schuylkill River near Reading , Pennsylvania , constructed by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad between 1853 and 1856 .
Stobnica - Piła ( stɔbˈnit͡sa ˈpiwa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bintuni ( Dutch : Steenkool ) is a small town in West Papua , Indonesia and seat of the Teluk Bintuni Regency .
Ramutowo ( ramuˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Donalds Grange No . 497 , in Donalds , South Carolina , also known as Patrons of Husbandry or Grange Hall , was built in 1935 .
Sete Lagoas ( meaning ' Seven Lagoons ' in Portuguese ) is a city in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais .
Deh Masi ( Persian : ده مسي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Masī ) is a village in Horgan Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gargazon ( Italian : Gargazzone ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northwest of Bolzano .
Together with Rhoon , Poortugaal forms the municipality of Albrandswaard .
The Murray Downtown Residential Historic District is the best representative area of the residential settlement and development of the city of Murray , Utah , United States .
Zocca ( Emilian : Zòca ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia - Romagna , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) southwest of Bologna and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) south of Modena .
Tałty ( ˈtau̯tɨ ) ( German : Talten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The One Pillar Pagoda ( Vietnamese : Chùa Một Cột 񣘠𠬠榾 , formally Diên Hựu tự ( 延祐寺 ) or Liên Hoa Đài ( 蓮花臺 ) ) is a historic Buddhist temple in Hanoi , the capital of Vietnam .
Hare Street House is a grade II * listed building in the hamlet of Hare Street , which lies between Buntingford and Great Hormead in the East Hertfordshire district of Hertfordshire , England .
The Britannia Adelphi Hotel is in Ranelagh Place , Liverpool city centre , Merseyside , England .
Valor Christian High School is an independent private , Christian high school in Highlands Ranch , Colorado , United States .
The Hoffman tunnel , or Hoffman drainage tunnel , was constructed to drain water from coal mines northwest of Clarysville in Allegany County , Maryland .
The Signer 's House and Matthew Thornton Cemetery are a pair of historic properties in Merrimack , New Hampshire , United States .
Arbihat ( Persian : اربيحات‎ , also Romanized as Arbīḩāt ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Daufuskie Island is a residential sea island between Savannah , Georgia and Hilton Head Island , South Carolina about 2.75 miles ( 4.43 km ) offshore .
The Isaac Davis Trail , also known as the Acton Trail , is an historic 6-mile ( 9.7 km ) trail running east - west in the towns of Acton and Concord , Massachusetts .
Emberton is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes , ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire in England .
Son Ferrer is a new village in the municipality of Calvià on the island of Majorca , part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands .
WIKY - FM 104.1 FM is a full - service / Adult Contemporary music radio station serving the Evansville , Indiana radio market .
Puzeh - ye Kuhbord ( Persian : پوزه كوهبرد‎ , also Romanized as Pūzeh - ye Kūhbord ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Little Diamond Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River which flows south through a section of Bergen County in New Jersey .
Paley Park is a pocket park located at 3 East 53rd Street in Midtown Manhattan on the former site of the Stork Club .
Jiuyuan District ( Mongolian : ᠵᠢᠦ ᠶᠤᠸᠠᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Jiü yuvan toɣoriɣ ; simplified Chinese : 九原区 ; traditional Chinese : 九原區 ; pinyin : Jiǔyuán Qū ) is a district of Baotou , the largest city of Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China .
Drogoszowice ( drɔɡɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Schöneiche ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Unity Chapel is located in town of Wyoming in Iowa County , Wisconsin .
Koath is a notified area in Rohtas district in the Indian state of Bihar .
The Delos A. Blodgett House , also known as 8VO4385 , is a Queen Anne style historic home in Daytona Beach , Florida , United States .
Bray Island is one of the Canadian Arctic islands located in Nunavut , Canada along the southern coast of Baffin Island .
Weaverville Joss House State Historic Park is a state park located in the center of the town of Weaverville , California .
WSKW is a U.S. AM radio station licensed to Skowhegan , Maine carrying a classic country music format .
Kadłubowo ( kadwuˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Central Park Tower ( also known as the Nordstrom Tower ) is a supertall mixed - use commercial / residential project being developed by the Extell Development Company in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
New Chelsea - New Melbourne - Brownsdale - Sibley 's Cove - Lead Cove is a designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador , consisting of five unincorporated fishing villages on the Trinity Bay side of the northern tip of the Bay de Verde Peninsula .
Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park near Brownsville , Texas is a National Park Service unit which preserves the grounds of the May 8 , 1846 , Battle of Palo Alto .
Mandeh Ab ( Persian : مانده اب‎ , also Romanized as Māndeh Āb ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Klasies River Caves are a series of caves located to the east of the Klasies River mouth on the Tsitsikamma coast in the Humansdorp district of Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
Kamankesh ( Persian : كمانكش‎ , also Romanized as Kamānkesh and Kamankash ) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Placerita Canyon State Park is a California State Park in the San Gabriel Mountains , in an unincorporated rural area of Los Angeles County , north of Los Angeles near Santa Clarita , California .
Enayati - ye Pain ( Persian : عنايتي پائين‎ , also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī - ye Pā’īn and ʿEnāyatī - ye Pāeen ) is a village in Abshar Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
U.S. Route 227 ( US 227 ) was a U.S. Highway that was commissioned in Kentucky from 1928 to 1972 , and ran from Richmond to Carrollton .
Navai Kola ( Persian : نوايي كلا‎ , also Romanized as Navā’ī Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tărcaia ( Hungarian : Köröstárkány ) is a commune in Bihor County , northwestern Romania with a population of 2,076 people .
Cincinnati Hills Christian Academy is a private Christian university - preparatory school , located on two campuses in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Parvizabad ( Persian : پرويزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Parvīzābād ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Midwest Museum of Natural History is a 501c3 organization located in Sycamore , Illinois .
Nosratabad District ( Persian : بخش نصرت‌آباد‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Będogoszcz ( bɛnˈdɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ ) ( German : Schützenaue ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
St. Michael and All Angels Episcopal Church is an historic church located at 1000 West 18th Street in Anniston , Alabama .
Dragany ( draˈɡanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mandarin Oriental , Las Vegas is a 47-story hotel located in CityCenter , a massive urban mixed - use complex situated on the Strip in Paradise , Nevada .
The First Baptist Church of Gilmanton , also known as the Lower Gilmanton Church , is a historic church building on Province Road ( New Hampshire Route 107 ) , slightly north of Stage Road , in Gilmanton , New Hampshire .
The Jamaica Savings Bank building , located in the Jamaica section of the borough of Queens in New York City , was built between 1897 and 1898 in the Beaux - Arts style .
The Great Marpole Midden ( also known as the Eburne Site , or Great Fraser Midden ) , is an ancient Musqueam village and burial site located in the Marpole neighbourhood of Vancouver , British Columbia .
On 1 November 1938 , the districts of Bensheim and Heppenheim were merged into one district , Kreis Bergstraße with Heppenheim as its seat .
Cavazzo Carnico ( Friulan : Cjavàç , Slovene : Karnijsko Kamno ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Udine .
Hans Merensky Wilderness , also known as the Hans Merensky Nature Reserve , is a protected area in Limpopo Province , South Africa .
Shah Najaf ( Persian : شاه نجف‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Najaf and Shāh - e Najaf ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Falard District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Malawicze Górne ( malaˈvit͡ʂɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Glińsko ( ˈɡliɲskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Jenkins Law Library is a membership library , located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , serving the local legal community .
Abella de la Conca is a village in the province of Province of Lleida in the county of Pallars Jussà and the autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
1331 Yonge Street was the civic address of an office and studio complex in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , It is located on Yonge Street , three blocks south of St. Clair Avenue .
Wankspitze ( elevation 2,208 m ( 7,244 ft ) ) is a summit of the Mieming Range in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Gadmabad ( Persian : گدم آباد‎ , also Romanized as Gadmābād and Gadamābād ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Withington is a suburb of south Manchester , England .
Wrocieryż ( vrɔˈt͡ɕerɨʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pain Malik ( Persian : پايين مليك‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Malīk ) is a village in Esfivard - e Shurab Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Little Para River is a seasonal creek running across the Adelaide plains of South Australia , whose catchment fills reservoirs that supply some of the water needs of Adelaide 's northern suburbs .
Tennispalatsi ( Swedish : Tennispalatset ; lit . Tennis Palace ) , is an enclosed cultural and recreational center in Kamppi , Helsinki , Finland .
Juancheng County falls under the jurisdiction of Heze , Shandong Province .
Mess Lake is a lake in Mount Edziza Provincial Park northern British Columbia , Canada .
Heiser , Rosenfeld , and Strauss Buildings , also known as Inner Harbor Lofts I , is a historic loft building located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
Stokkvågen is a village and port on the mainland part of the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Henek ( Persian : هنك‎ ) is a village in Horjand Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ashfield cum Thorpe is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk , England , between the town of Framlingham to the East and the village of Debenham to the West .
Gębałki ( ɡɛmˈbau̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy , within Giżycko County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Czarna Średnia ( ˈt͡ʂarna ˈɕrɛdɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Imperial Abbey of Corvey or Princely Abbey of Corvey ( German : Stift Corvey or Fürstabtei Corvey ) was a Benedictine abbey on the River Weser , 2 km northeast of Höxter , now in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
KTCX is an Urban Contemporary formatted radio station in Beaumont , Texas .
Nuevo Chagres ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈnweβo ˈtʃaɣɾes ) , English : New Chagres ) is a seaside town and corregimiento in the Colón Province of Panama , and the capital of the Chagres District .
The Oriental Apartments in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two - story multi - family dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Meitze is a village in the municipality Wedemark , in Lower Saxony .
D. J. Sokol Arena is a multi - purpose student recreational facility in Omaha , Nebraska .
Sirmand ( Persian : سيرمند‎ , also Romanized as Sīrmand ; also known as Qal``eh - ye Sarmad , Sarmahd , and Sīmand ) is a village in Ashkara Rural District , Fareghan District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 665 , in 168 families .
Sequoia Hall is the home of the Statistics Department on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford , California .
The Hyatt Regency Vancouver , located at 655 Burrard Street , is a 644-room hotel connected to the Royal Centre complex in Vancouver , British Columbia .
The Boot Monument is an American Revolutionary War memorial located in Saratoga National Historical Park , New York .
Flims ( Romansh : Flem ) is a municipality in the district of Imboden in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Mount Battle is a mountain located 65 km ( 40 mi ) northeast of Pangnirtung on Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Spiegel Grove , also known as Spiegel Grove State Park , Rutherford B. Hayes House , Rutherford B. Hayes Summer Home and Rutherford B. Hayes State Memorial was the estate of Rutherford B. Hayes , the nineteenth President of the United States , located at the corner of Hayes and Buckland Avenues in Fremont , Ohio .
Eliot Hall is a historic building at 7A Eliot Street in Jamaica Plain , Massachusetts , a neighborhood of Boston .
The Smith Mountain Lake Airport ( FAA W91 ) is a privately owned airport open to the public located 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southeast of Moneta , in Bedford County , Virginia , USA .
Belph is a village or hamlet in the District of Bolsover , Derbyshire , England .
Bishop Ramsey School is a coeducational Church of England secondary school and sixth form with academy status , located in the Ruislip area of the London Borough of Hillingdon , England .
East London Coast Nature Reserve is a protected area in Eastern Cape Province , South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks .
WADI ( 95.3 FM , `` Super Country FM 95.3 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Corinth , Mississippi , USA .
Domatowo ( dɔmaˈtɔvɔ ) ( Kashubian : Domôtowò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , Kashubia in northern Poland .
Čokot is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia . The famous actor Robert De Niro spent a few days in this village sometime in the 60s before he became a famous actor .
Deh - e Larz ( Persian : ده لرز‎ ; also known as Deh Laz ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Black Warrior River is a waterway in west - central Alabama in the southeastern United States .
The Horseshoe 2 Fire was a 2011 wildfire located along the southeastern flank of the Chiricahua Mountains in southeastern Arizona .
Lebiedziew ( lɛˈbʲɛd͡ʑɛf ) ( Ukrainian : Лебедів , Lebediv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Masparraute ( Basque : Martxueta ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
The Church of St. John Nepomucene is a Roman Catholic parish in Manhattan , New York City .
Karattuppatti is a village in the Manapparai taluk , Tiruchirappalli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu
Podgajcze ( pɔdˈɡai̯t͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
County Bridge No . 36 is a historic concrete arch bridge spanning Jacoby Creek at Portland , Northampton County , Pennsylvania .
The Big Boggy National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas ( USA ) in southeastern Matagorda County , south of the towns of Bay City and Wadsworth .
North Newport Christian Church is an historic church at the junction of Maine State Route 222 and Pratt Road in North Newport , Maine .
Crissy Marsh is a wetland area in San Francisco , California , United States .
W257BQ ( 99.3 FM ) is an American radio station serving the Charleston , South Carolina , area with a Mainstream urban format simulcast on the HD-2 channel of WMXZ .
The Keeten - Mastgat is a body of water in the Dutch province of Zeeland .
The Desert Biosphere Reserve and Experimental Range is a biosphere reserve and experimental range in the western reaches of the U.S. state of Utah .
Christ 's Hospital , also called The Bluecoat School , Housey and CH , is an English coeducational independent day and boarding school with Royal Charter located in the Sussex countryside just south of Horsham in Horsham District , West Sussex , UK , that follows much of public schools tradition .
Topolica Sport Hall is a multi - purpose indoor , modern arena located in the city of Bar , Montenegro .
Flat Rock Speedway is a racetrack located in Ash Township , Monroe County , Michigan , though the mailing address is Flat Rock , Michigan .
Il Darrehsi ( Persian : يل دره سي‎ , also Romanized as Īl Darrehsī ) is a village in Mulan Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Seneca County Airport ( FAA LID : 16 G ) is a county - owned public - use airport located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Tiffin , a city in Seneca County , Ohio , United States .
Southwest Miami High School is a secondary school located at 8855 SW 50th Terrace in Olympia Heights , a census - designated place in Miami - Dade County , Florida , USA .
The Avon Congregational Church is a Congregational Church building at the junction of U.S. 202 and U.S. 44 in Avon , Connecticut .
Abubshahar Wildlife Sanctuary ( Hindi : अबूबशहर वन्यजीव अभयारण्य ) is situated in Sirsa district of Haryana state , India .
Lucy Ragsdale High School , commonly known as Ragsdale High , is a public high school in Jamestown , North Carolina .
Gasht - e Rudkhan ( Persian : گشترودخان‎ , also Romanized as Gasht - e Rūdkhān and Gasht Rūdkhān ; also known as Keshter - Khan ) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lake Great Falls was a prehistoric proglacial lake which existed in what is now central Montana in the United States between 15,000 BCE and 11,000 BCE .
Matinabad ( Persian : متين اباد‎ , also Romanized as Matīnābād ) is a village in Khaledabad Rural District , Emamzadeh District , Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Padworth is a lightly populated locality and civil parish in the English county of Berkshire , the nearest town to which is Tadley .
Pazmin ( Persian : پازمين‎ , also Romanized as Pāzmīn ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kubra - Przebudówka ( ˈkubra pʂɛbuˈdufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytuły , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Twechar is a small former mining village in East Dunbartonshire , Scotland close to the boundary with North Lanarkshire .
Wellington C. Mepham High School is a public high school located on a 21-acre ( 85,000 m2 ) campus in Bellmore , New York .
Nuits ( also known , though unofficially , as Nuits - sur - Armançon ) is a commune in the Yonne department in Burgundy in north - central France .
Queen of the Valley Medical Center is a medical center located in Napa , California operated by St. Joseph Health System .
Tyler County Speedway is a 1/4 mile dirt oval located in Tyler County , southeast of Middlebourne , West Virginia .
Laliny ( laˈlinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Westbrook Public Schools is the school district created to serve the public education needs of Westbrook , Connecticut .
Atcham is a village , ecclesiastical parish and civil parish in Shropshire , England .
Gavehsoltani ( Persian : گوه سلطاني‎ , also Romanized as Gavehsolṭānī ) is a village in Gughar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hasanabad - e Salar ( Persian : حسن ابادسالار‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Sālār ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Takht - e Jolgeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Łubna - Jakusy ( ˈwubna jaˈkusɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Tricerro ( Trisser in Piedmontese ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Vercelli .
Qesh Robat ( Persian : قشرباط‎ , also Romanized as Qesh Robāţ and Qosh Robāţ ; also known as Qashrābād ) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vesiyeh Sar ( Persian : وسيه سر‎ , also Romanized as Vesīyeh Sar ; also known as Vesī Sar and Vesyeh Sar ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
WKZY ( 92.9 FM ) is an American radio station , licensed to Chilton , Wisconsin , and transmitting from the Lake Winnebago community of Stockbridge to provide a city - grade signal to both Oshkosh and the Fox Cities .
The Eastham Windmill , located in Eastham , Massachusetts , is the oldest windmill on Cape Cod . It was constructed by Eastham resident Thomas Paine in Plymouth in 1680 .
Maciejki ( maˈt͡ɕei̯ki ) ( German Blumenthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Chester Heights Camp Meeting Historic District is a historic Methodist camp meeting and national historic district located at Chester Heights , Delaware County , Pennsylvania .
The Cat Stane , or Catstane , is an inscribed standing stone near Kirkliston , on the outskirts of Edinburgh , in Scotland .
Czechowizna ( t͡ʂɛxɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Korlino ( kɔrˈlinɔ ) ( formerly German Körlin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Beddgelert ( English : Gelert 's Grave ) , is a village and community in the Snowdonia area of Gwynedd , Wales .
The Budawang Range , commonly called The Budawangs , a rugged mountain range within the Budawang National Park and the Morton National Park , are part of a spur off the Great Dividing Range and are located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Flotta is a small island in Orkney , Scotland , lying in Scapa Flow .
Evans Island is an island in the Prince William Sound of southern Alaska .
The Geophysical Institute of the University of Alaska Fairbanks conducts research into space physics and aeronomy ; atmospheric sciences ; snow , ice , and permafrost ; seismology ; volcanology ; and tectonics and sedimentation .
Kirkby Thore is a small village , civil parish and hill in Cumbria , England at grid reference NY639257 .
CKAY - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic hits format at 91.7 FM , licensed to Gibsons , British Columbia with studios in Sechelt .
Shelton Intermediate School ( SIS ) is a Blue Ribbon coeducational secondary school located in Shelton , Connecticut , United States .
Karniszyn ( karˈniʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Little Yirkie Lake is a small , bottle shaped lake in Ontario .
Broszęcin - Kolonia ( brɔˈʂɛnt͡ɕin kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Angell Hall is an academic building at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .
Yule Brook College formerly Maddington Senior High School is an Public middle school in Western Australia .
Otterden is a civil parish and village on the Kent Downs in the borough of Maidstone in Kent , England .
Polesiny ( pɔlɛˈɕinɨ ) ( German : Jägersfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Flushing Town Hall is a historic Town Hall located in the Flushing section of the New York City borough of Queens .
Shahrdan ( Persian : شهردان‎ , also Romanized as Shahrdān ; also known as Shahrdūn ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Khiali Chehlan Wali ( also spelled as Khiali Chahlan Wali or Khiali Chehlanwali ) is a village in Mansa district of East Punjab .
Aberlie House at 122 - 124 East North Avenue in the Central Northside neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was likely built circa 1880 .
North Molton is a village , parish and former manor in north Devon , England .
Miedziana ( mjɛˈd͡ʑana ) ( German : Küpper ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Narayanpet is a Municipal town and Revenue Division in Mahbubnagar district of the Indian state of Telangana .
Uwais al - Qarni Mosque ( Arabic : مسجد أويس القرني ) was a Shi'ite mosque in Ar - Raqqah , Syria .
Warrensville Heights High School is a public high school located in Warrensville Heights , Ohio ( USA ) , east of Cleveland .
Darreh - ye Qasem Ali ( Persian : دره قاسمعلي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Qāsem `` Alī ) is a village in Dehpir - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 70 , in 16 families .
The Maungakiekie - Tāmaki Local Board is one of the 21 local boards of the Auckland Council , which replaced Auckland 's eight councils on 1 November 2010 .
Cullman High School is the largest public high school in the city of Cullman , Alabama as well as Cullman County , Alabama .
Taraz - e Khaki ( Persian : طرازخاكي‎ , also Romanized as Ţarāz - e Khākī ; also known as Ţarāz - e Khālī ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The White Barn Theatre was a small theater founded by actress , producer and theater impresario Lucille Lortel on the property of her estate in Norwalk , Connecticut that premiered numerous plays from major playwrights and plays that went on to successful Broadway and Off - Broadway runs .
Swansea Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Swansea , Massachusetts .
Seven Dolors Catholic Church is a Catholic church in Manhattan , Kansas , United States , and is the see of the Seven Dolors Parish , which also contains Saint Patrick 's Church in Ogden .
Burchell Lake is a ghost town in the Canadian province of Ontario , located behind a locked gate at the southern end of Highway 802 in the Thunder Bay District .
Popielżyn - Zawady ( pɔˈpjɛlʐɨn zaˈvadɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Smith Park is a park in Middletown , Connecticut , USA , which was acquired by the town in 1974 .
Wesser Bald is a summit located in Macon County , North Carolina near the community of Wesser .
Avondale College has two campuses , the Lake Macquarie campus being the primary campus situated in Cooranbong , New South Wales .
20 Forthlin Road is a National Trust property in Allerton in south Liverpool , Merseyside , England .
Seyf Mahalleh ( Persian : سيف محله‎ , also Romanized as Seyf Maḩalleh and Seyfmaḩalleh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Monte Vista National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located in southern Colorado .
Boneh - ye Bad ( Persian : بنه باد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Bād ; also known as Banehābād and Bonehābād ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Amaranth Wind Farm , also known as the Melancthon EcoPower Centre , is a 199.5 megawatt ( MW ) wind farm in Amaranth and Melancthon Township , near Shelburne , Ontario .
Scano di Montiferro ( Sardinian : Iscanu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) north of Oristano .
Wofford College , established in 1854 , is an independent , national liberal arts college of around 1,580 students located in downtown Spartanburg , South Carolina , United States .
The John Scott Farm is a historic farmstead near the community of Shandon , Ohio , United States .
The Lavezzi Islands ( French : Îles Lavezzi ; Corsican : Isuli Lavezzi ) form a small archipelago of granite islands and reefs in the Strait of Bonifacio that separates Corsica from Sardinia in the Mediterranean Sea .
Darabad - e Shahzadeh ( Persian : درابدشاهزاده‎ , also Romanized as Darābād - e Shāhzadeh ; also known as Darābād - e Emām and Darbābād - e Shāzdeh ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Park Hill Recreation Ground is a 15 acres ( 6.1 ha ) park near the centre of Croydon , Greater London , managed by the London Borough of Croydon .
Gorham Airport ( FAA LID : 2G8 ) is a private airport located in Gorham , New Hampshire , one mile ( 1.6 km ) north - west of the central business district ( CBD ) of Gorham , in Coos County , New Hampshire , USA .
Indian Creek Recreation Area is a recreation area located inside Alexander State Forest in Rapides Parish near Woodworth , Louisiana .
Atigh Jame ' Mosque is a 9th - century mosque in Shiraz , the capital of Fars Province , Iran .
Mid Coast Hospital is a full - service community hospital located in the heart of Maine 's Midcoast region .
Cottey College , located in Nevada , Missouri is an independent , liberal arts and sciences college for women .
Klejnówko ( klɛi̯ˈnufkɔ ) ( German : Gut Klenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The House at 1008 Beacon Street in Newton , Massachusetts is a well - preserved suburban Shingle / Colonial Revival house .
Moczysko ( mɔˈt͡ʂɨskɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Schrassig ( Luxembourgish : Schraasseg pronounced ( ˈʃʁaːsəɕ ) ) is a town in the commune of Schuttrange , in the south - east of Luxembourg .
Estádio Mourão Vieira Filho , usually known as Estádio da Rua Bariri , is a football stadium in Olaria neighborhood , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
The Bennink - Douglas Cottages are a collection of four historic workers ' cottages on 35 - 51 Walker Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Gębarzewko ( ɡɛmbaˈʐɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo , within Gniezno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mount Hood Medical Center Heliport ( FAA LID : 56OR ) is a private heliport located two miles northeast of Gresham in Multnomah County , Oregon , United States .
Kar Nam ( Persian : كارنام‎ , also Romanized as Kār Nām ; also known as Gornām - e Soflá , Kārnām - e Pā’īn , and Kārnām - e Soflá ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KLIB ( 1110 AM ) is a radio station that broadcasts from Roseville , California , and serves Sacramento .
Roncello is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Milan .
Lachenar ( Persian : لاچنار‎ , also Romanized as Lāchenār ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Bayeux ( French pronunciation : ​(bajø ) ) is a commune in the Calvados department in Normandy in northwestern France .
The Château de Pregny , sometimes referred to as the Rothschild Castle , is a castle in the municipality of Pregny - Chambésy of the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland .
The Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of California , San Diego is a graduate - level pharmacy school offering five educational programs :
Nokhar is a small town / village and union council in Tehsil Nowshera Virkan , Gujranwala District , Punjab province , Pakistan .
The Joseph Henry House is a historic building located on the campus of Princeton University in Princeton , Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
Nowe Brzozowo ( ˈnɔvɛ bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Carl Sandburg State Historic Site was the birthplace and boyhood home of author Carl Sandburg in Galesburg , Illinois .
The Irwindale Event Center ( aka Irwindale Speedway and Irwindale Dragstrip ) is a motorsports facility located in Irwindale , California , United States .
Bellingwedde ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌbɛlɪŋˈʋɛdə ) ) is a municipality with a population of 9,039 in the province Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands .
Grizzly Creek Redwoods State Park is a state park of California , USA , harboring groves of coast redwoods in three separate units along the Van Duzen River .
The Tsama Pueblo is a Tewa Pueblo ancestral site in an address - restricted area of Abiquiú , New Mexico .
Dragteng Gewog ( Dzongkha : བྲག་སྟེང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trongsa District , Bhutan .
Beck Center for the Arts in Lakewood , Ohio , is a non - profit , performing arts and arts education organization .
The Gäuboden ( also referred to in German as the Dungau ) is a region in Lower Bavaria in southern Germany without any clear geographic or cultural boundaries , that covers an area about 15 kilometres wide south of the River Danube and the Bavarian Forest , beginning opposite Wörth an der Donau and stretching as far as Künzing .
Chekor Chaman ( Persian : چكرچمن‎ , also Romanized as Chakūr Chaman and Chokor Chamanī ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Swędrówka ( sfɛnˈdrufka ) ( German : Zandersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Friedrich - Ludwig - Jahn - Sportpark is a sports site in the Prenzlauer Berg district of Berlin .
Bartlett Lake is a reservoir that was formed by the damming of the Verde River in the U.S. state of Arizona .
Piławki ( piˈwafki ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Prince of Wales Hotel , Niagara - on - the - Lake is a historic Victorian hotel in Niagara - on - the - Lake , Ontario .
Nelliyampathy ( also spelled Nelliampathi ) is a hill station 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) from Palakkad , state of Kerala , India .
Berdychiv ( Ukrainian : Бердичів , Polish : Berdyczów , Russian : Берди́чев , Yiddish : בערדיטשעוו , translit . Berditshev ) is a historic city in the Zhytomyr Oblast ( province ) of northern Ukraine .
Ardapy ( arˈdapɨ ) ( German : Ardappen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Barton Creek Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in southwest Austin , Texas in the United States , near the intersection of Texas State Highway Loop 1 and Texas State Highway Loop 360 .
Skelton Grange Power Station was a power station serving the city of Leeds and the surrounding areas .
Aqdaraq - e Qadim ( Persian : اق درق قديم‎ , also Romanized as Āqdaraq - e Qadīm ; also known as Āgh Daraq - e Qadīm ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dr. James Ferguson Office is a historic medical office building located at Glens Falls , Warren County , New York .
Alfavut ( Persian : الفاوت‎ , also Romanized as Alfāvūt , Alfāāvot , Alfāūt , Alfāūūt , Alfavet , Alfāvet , and Alfāvot ) is a village in Tork - e Gharbi Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Charlotte Motor Speedway , formerly Lowe 's Motor Speedway , is a motorsports complex located in Concord , North Carolina , United States 13 miles ( 21 km ) from Charlotte , North Carolina .
Baudartius College is a Dutch Protestant secondary school in Zutphen , named after the theologian Willem Baudartius .
Banamba is the capital of Banamba Cercle , one of the seven Cercles of the Koulikoro Region of Mali .
Nor Kharberd ( Armenian : Նոր Խարբերդ ) is a major village in the Ararat Province of Armenia , located 4 kilometers south of Yerevan .
Cherepovets ( Russian : Череповец ; IPA : ( tɕɪrʲɪpɐˈvʲɛts ) ) is a city in Vologda Oblast , Russia , located in the west of the oblast on the banks of the Sheksna River ( a tributary of the Volga River ) and on the shores of the Rybinsk Reservoir .
Roland Cooper State Park was a 236-acre ( 96 ha ) publicly owned recreation area located six miles north of Camden , Alabama , along the eastern shore of the William `` Bill '' Dannelly Reservoir , a 22,000-acre ( 8,900 ha ) impoundment of the Alabama River known locally as the Millers Ferry Reservoir .
Łuba Druga ( ˈwuba ˈdruɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Collins Lake , previously known as Virginia Ranch Reservoir during its construction , is a freshwater man - made lake with 1,009 acres ( 4.08 km2 ) located in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada Mountains north of Sacramento , California .
The Trenton Cenotaph is a memorial dedicated to the `` fallen of all conflicts '' located in Trenton , Ontario , Canada .
Officially known and signposted as East Kimberley Regional Airport ( IATA : KNX , ICAO : YPKU ) , it is more commonly referred to locally as Kununurra Airport an airport in Kununurra , Western Australia .
Nový Žďár ( German : Neuenbrand ) is a small border village in Karlovy Vary Region , Czech Republic ; it is one of the districts of Aš .
The Western Qing tombs ( Chinese : 清西陵 ; pinyin : Qīng Xī líng ) are located some 140 km ( 87 mi ) southwest of Beijing in Yi County , Hebei Province .
The Women 's Improvement Club of Hueneme , located at 239 E. Scott St. in Port Hueneme , California , is a historic club whose building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Arick Village , Texas is the unofficial name of a portion of the Terlingua Ranch unincorporated community located in Brewster County , Texas .
Lake Maloya is the largest lake of three in Sugarite Canyon State Park on the New Mexico - Colorado State border , northeast of Raton , New Mexico .
Tash Nafas ( Persian : تش نفس‎ ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Harold and Mary Jean Hanson Rare Book Collection is supported by the Special & Area Studies Collections in the George A. Smathers Libraries at the University of Florida .
Fort Irwin National Training Center is a major training area for the United States Military and is a census - designated place located in the Mojave Desert in northern San Bernardino County , California .
KKNS ( 1310 AM ) was an American radio station licensed to Corrales , New Mexico , and served the Albuquerque metropolitan area .
Estádio Campo Desportivo ( simplified Chinese : 澳门运动场 ; traditional Chinese : 澳門運動場 ; pinyin : Àomén Yùndòngchǎng , Macau Stadium ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Taipa , Macau .
Skigersta ( Scottish Gaelic : Sgiogarstaigh ) is a village to the south east of Ness on the Isle of Lewis , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Upper Baker Dam is a dam spanning the Baker River in northern Washington in the United States of America .
The Puig de sa Morisca Archaeological Park is an archaeological park located in Santa Ponsa in the municipality of Calvià on the island of Majorca , part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands .
Galu Kuh ( Persian : گلوكوه‎ , also Romanized as Galū Kūh ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Berwickshire is a lieutenancy area and historic county in the Scottish Borders .
The Sunnyvale Public Library is a mid - sized public library serving the city of Sunnyvale , California , USA .
The Pioneer School stands in an isolated location in Park County , Wyoming , about 8 miles ( 13 km ) north of Clark , in the Clark Fork Valley near the Montana border .
Caney Springs Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church at the junction of Arkansas Highway 289 and Izard County Road 70 ( Walter Hall Road ) , near Sage , Arkansas .
Meteș ( German : Mettischdorf ; Hungarian : Metesd ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Llanfihangelesgeifiog ( Welsh : Llanfihangel Ysgeifiog ) is a village and a community in Anglesey , Wales , east of Llangefni .
Pires do Rio is a municipality in Goiás state , Brazil .
Abu Oqab ( Persian : ابوعقاب‎ , also Romanized as Abū `` Oqāb ; also known as Bāgābb ) is a village in Minubar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 704 , in 160 families .
Gwersyllt ( pronounced ( ɡwɛrsɪɬt ) ) is an urban village and a local government community , the lowest tier of local government , part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales .
Camp Lohikan is a sleep - away summer camp in The Poconos in Lake Como , Pennsylvania .
The small village of Buntenbock lies on the plateau of the Harz mountains in Germany and is part of the mining and university town of Clausthal - Zellerfeld .
Lohgarh is a village in Notified Area Committee of Zirakpur in district Mohali in state of Punjab in India Lohgarh was capital of first Sikh state under Banda Singh Bahadur from years 1710 - 1715 .
B Bond Warehouse ( grid reference ST570720 ) is a former bonded warehouse built to serve Bristol Harbour .
Fort Hunt High School was a public secondary school near Alexandria , Virginia located at 8428 Fort Hunt Road .
Chenar - e Arabha ( Persian : چنارعربها‎ , also Romanized as Chenār - e `` Arabhā ) is a village in Tarrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 330 , in 93 families .
Oszczów ( ˈɔʂt͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Rippon Lea Estate is a historic property located in Elsternwick , Victoria , Australia .
Angulvar ( Persian : انگولور‎ , also Romanized as Angūlvar ; also known as Angolbar ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Szymbory - Włodki ( ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ ˈvwɔtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mid - State Regional Airport ( ICAO : KPSB , FAA LID : PSB ) ( Mid - State Airport ) is a small airport in Rush Township , Centre County in Pennsylvania .
Mosfellsbær is a town in south - west Iceland , situated some 12 kilometres ( 7 miles ) east of the country 's capital , Reykjavík .
San Cesareo in Palatio or San Caesareo de Appia is a titular church in Rome , near the beginning of the Appian Way .
Orgita ( German : Rosenthal ) is a settlement in Märjamaa Parish , Rapla County in western Estonia .
Milingimbi Island also Yurruwi is the largest island of the Crocodile Islands group off the coast of Arnhem Land , Northern Territory , Australia .
Ney Kola ( Persian : ني كلا‎ , also Romanized as Ney Kolā ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Berri Street ( French : Rue Berri ) is a major north - south street located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
West Branch Laramie River is a 6.0-mile - long ( 9.7 km ) tributary of the Laramie River in Larimer County , Colorado The river 's source is Island Lake in the Rawah Wilderness .
Rotherwick is a small village situated in the Hart district of Hampshire , England .
The Jakobshorn ( 2,590 m ) is a mountain of the Albula Alps , overlooking Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
The Barbarossa chandelier ( German : Barbarossaleuchter ) was made on the order of Emperor Frederick I , nicknamed Barbarossa , and his wife Beatrice sometime between 1165 and 1170 and was installed under the cupola of the Palatine Chapel in Aachen Cathedral .
Auvergne ( French pronunciation : ( ovɛʁɲ ) ; Occitan : Auvèrnhe / Auvèrnha ) is a former administrative region of France .
Hamand Khaleseh Vadan ( Persian : همندخالصه وادان‎ , also Romanized as Hamand Khāleṣeh Vādān ) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Accotink Bay Wildlife Refuge is a nature preserve on the grounds of Fort Belvoir in Fairfax County , Virginia , United States .
Yungpaw Ga is a river village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
Melksham Without is a civil parish in the county of Wiltshire , England .
Jonkersland ( West Frisian : Jonkerslân ) is a village consisting of around 296 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Grauże Stare ( ˈɡrau̯ʐɛ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Wola Łaszczowa ( ˈvɔla waʂˈt͡ʂɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Northland Center was a shopping mall on an approximately 159-acre ( 64 ha ) site located at the intersection of Northwestern Highway and Greenfield Road in the City of Southfield , Michigan , an inner - ring suburb of Detroit , Michigan , United States .
Orthodox Meetinghouse , also known as the Birmingham Orthodox Meeting House , is a historic Quaker meetinghouse in Birmingham Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania that was built in 1845 as a result of the Hicksite - Orthodox split in the Society of Friends .
Narragansett Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 1567 N. Main Street in Fall River , Massachusetts , United States .
Dennewitz is a village of Germany , in the federal state and old Prussian province of Brandenburg , near Jüterbog , 40 km . S.W. from Berlin .
Alikhan Beyki ( Persian : علي خان بيكي‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīkhān Beykī , `` Alīkhān Beygī and `` Alījān Beygī ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 24 , in 5 families .
Irthington is a village and civil parish within the City of Carlisle district in Cumbria , England , situated to the north - east of Carlisle Lake District Airport .
Trinity Presbyterian School is a Christian day school located in Montgomery , Alabama .
Chah - e Eyd ( Persian : چاه عيد‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e `` Eyd ) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 208 , in 51 families .
Bell 's Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Free State province , South Africa , on the R73 road between Winburg and Bloemfontein ( South Africa ) .
Colongra Gas Generation Plant ( also known as Colongra Power Station ) is a 667MW gas - fired power station located in Colongra , New South Wales , Australia and is the largest gas - fired power station in New South Wales which will be used during peak loads in New South Wales .
The Beverly Country Club , located in the American city of Chicago , Illinois , is one of Chicago 's historical cornerstones .
Dubicze Osoczne ( duˈbʲit͡ʂɛ ɔˈsɔt͡ʂnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Дубичі Осочні , Dubychi Osochni ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Harmony Chapel and Cemetery ( also known as `` Harmony Meeting House '' or `` Harmony Cemetery '' ) are a historic church and cemetery in Harmony , Rhode Island , a village in Glocester .
Kohima district ( pron:/ˈkəʊhɪˌmɑː or kəʊˈhiːmə/ ) is a district of Nagaland state in India .
Grand Hotel Opduin is a Dutch hotel located in the Dunes of Texel National Park .
Hasani Pacher ( Persian : حسني پاچر‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanī Pācher ; also known as Ḩasanī and Ḩasanī Pāshīr ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Newellton Airport ( FAA LID : 9M2 ) is a public use airport in Tensas Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Brandywine Park is the first city park established by the city of Wilmington , Delaware .
Marcinki ( marˈt͡ɕinki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Tim River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Toumey Woods , also called the Toumey Woodlot , is a 24-acre ( 9.7 ha ) tract of Beech - maple forest located on the campus of Michigan State University in East Lansing , Michigan .
Gulran District is situated in northwestern part of Herat province , Afghanistan and borders Iran to the west , Turkmenistan to the north , Kushk District to the east , and Zinda Jan District and Kohsan District to the south .
Ratta Matta is a town and Union council of Jhang District in the Punjab province of Pakistan located on the Jhang - Lalian road .
Digorsky District ( Russian : Диго́рский райо́н ; Ossetian : Дыгуры район ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the eight in the Republic of North Ossetia-- Alania , Russia .
Sutter Cemetery , also known South Butte Cemetery , is located in Sutter , California .
Weston Colville is a village in South Cambridgeshire , 10 miles southeast of Cambridge and 6 miles south of Newmarket , close to the border with Suffolk .
Wkra - Kolonia ( ˈfkra kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Seh Gardeh ( Persian : سه گرده‎‎ ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Piz Sarsura Pitschen ( 3,134 m ) ( Romansh : `` little Piz Sarsura '' ) is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located west of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden .
Grant 's Canal was located near Delta , Louisiana .
Tańsk - Kiernozy ( ˈtaɲsk kʲɛrˈnɔzɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bohregh ( Persian : بهرغ‎ , also Romanized as Bohrogh ; also known as Behrogh - e Takht and Bohregh - e Takht ) is a village in Takht Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Umtamvuna Nature Reserve is situated in South Africa on the KwaZulu - Natal side of the Mtamvuna River , and is managed by Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife .
Geaca ( Hungarian : Gyeke ; German : Jeckel ) is a commune in Cluj County , Romania .
The Joe P. Eagle and D. R. Boone Building is a historic commercial building at 105 - 107 West Front Street in downtown Lonoke , Arkansas .
Cape Cod Airfield , ( ICAO : K2B1 , FAA LID : 2B1 ) in Marstons Mills , Massachusetts is a public airport owned by the Town of Barnstable .
Littlecote House is a large Elizabethan country house and estate in the civil parishes of Ramsbury and Chilton Foliat in the English county of Wiltshire ( the latter village was formerly in Berkshire ) near to Hungerford .
Dybówko ( dɨˈbufkɔ ) ( German : Amerika ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Głogówiec ( ɡwɔˈɡuvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Mehmani ( Persian : مهماني‎ , also Romanized as Mehmānī ; also known as Maihmāni and Mīehmanī ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Cleveland Heights High School featured in the 2006 movie The Oh in Ohio that included Mischa Barton and Danny DeVito .
Przełom ( ˈpʂɛwɔm ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Long Thanh International Airport ( Vietnamese : Sân bay Quốc tế Long Thành ) is an airport planned for construction in Long Thành , Đồng Nai Province , southern Vietnam .
Ryedale is a non - metropolitan district of the shire county of North Yorkshire in England .
The Broad Brook Canal is a water - supply canal feeding the Springfield Reservoir ( a.k.a . the Ludlow Reservoir ) in Ludlow , Massachusetts , a public water supply for the city of Springfield , Massachusetts .
The Natchez Trace Trail is a designated National Scenic Trail in the United States whose route generally follows sections of the 444-mile ( 715 km ) Natchez Trace Parkway through the states of Tennessee , Alabama , and Mississippi .
Mulhussey ( Irish : Maol Hosae , meaning `` Hussey 's Summit '' ) is a village in County Meath , Ireland .
Berck , sometimes referred to as Berck - sur - Mer , is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in northern France .
Fergus ( Vodarek Field ) Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CVF2 ) , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) east northeast of Fergus , Ontario , Canada .
Qahan ( Persian : قاهان‎ , also Romanized as Qāhān ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Lopadea Nouă ( Hungarian : Magyarlapád ; German : Schaufeldorf ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Ngchesar also known as `` Oldiais '' is one of the sixteen states of the small pacific island nation of Palau .
Ceppo Morelli is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of Verbania , on the border with Switzerland .
Newman Theological College ( NTC ) is a Roman Catholic school of theology founded in 1969 by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton , Alberta .
Hoopers Lake Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CDT2 ) is located in Deerfield , Nova Scotia , Canada and is open from April to November .
Sempt is a river of Bavaria , Germany .
Neerwinden is a village in Belgium in the province of Flemish Brabant , a few miles southeast of Tienen , and is now part of the municipality of Landen .
Krosewo ( krɔˈsɛvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Idaho State University ( ISU ) is a Carnegie - classified doctoral research and teaching institution in the western United States , located in Pocatello , Idaho .
Gortnavern ( Irish : Gort na bhFearn ) is a small townland in County Donegal , Ireland .
Sulusaray or Çiftlik , in Antiquity and the early Middle Ages known as Sebastopolis ( Greek : Σεβαστούπολις ) or Heracleopolis ( Ἡρακλειούπολις ) , is a town and a district of Tokat Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Wear Cove is a valley in southwestern Sevier County , Tennessee .
The Washington Coliseum , formerly Uline Arena , is an indoor arena in Washington , D.C. located at 1132 , 1140 , and 1146 3rd Street , Northeast , Washington , D.C. It was the site of the first concert by The Beatles in the United States .
Bohemian Grove is a 2,700-acre ( 1,100 ha ) campground located at 20601 Bohemian Avenue , in Monte Rio , California , belonging to a private San Francisco - based men 's art club known as the Bohemian Club .
The University of Chicago Laboratory Schools ( also known as Lab or Lab School and abbreviated UCLS ; the upper classes are nicknamed U - High ) is a private , co - educational day school in Chicago , Illinois .
West Meredith Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at West Meredith in Delaware County , New York , United States .
The Armory - Latisona Building ( also known as the `` Mihlbaugh Building '' ) is a historic armory on South Main Street in Lima , Ohio , United States .
Salman Sheykha ( Persian : سلمان شيخا‎‎ , also Romanized as Salmān Sheykhā ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Fitzgerald Field House is a 4,122-seat multi - purpose athletic venue on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Barlestone is a village and civil parish in the Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire , England .
The Paterson Armory , an armory in Paterson , New Jersey , was a facility of the New Jersey National Guard and an arena .
Underbarrow is a small village in Cumbria , England , located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) west of Kendal .
The Acharnes Railway Center ( Greek : Σιδηροδρομικό Κέντρο Αχαρνών ) or SKA is a two - level railway station in the north of the Athens Metropolitan Area in the municipality of Acharnes , where some important railway lines converge .
Dead Horse Bay is a small water body off Barren Island between the Gerritsen Inlet and Rockaway Inlet in the New York City borough of Brooklyn .
Pamikh ( Persian : پاميخ‎ , also Romanized as Pāmīkh ; also known as Pā’emī and Yā’emī ) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Șugag ( German : Schugag ; Hungarian : Sugág ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Gushtin ( Persian : گوشتين‎ , also Romanized as Gūshtīn ; also known as Gushtun and Kushtān ) is a village in Sohrevard Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Khaneh Shir ( Persian : خانه شير‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh Shīr ; also known as Khanashir , Kūhanashahr , Kuhnashahr , and Kūneh Shahr ) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Savannah River Site ( SRS ) is a nuclear reservation in the United States in the state of South Carolina , located on land in Aiken , Allendale and Barnwell Counties adjacent to the Savannah River , 25 miles ( 40 km ) southeast of Augusta , Georgia .
Oploo was a separate municipality until 1821 , when it merged with Sint Anthonis en Ledeacker to form the new municipality of Oploo , Sint Anthonis en Ledeacker .
Mahallah Bagh - e Bala ( Persian : محله باغ بالا‎ , also Romanized as Maḩallah Bāgh - e Bālā ) is a village in Lajran Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Since a new Helen Hayes Theatre now exists in Manhattan , the Fulton Theatre is now sometimes referred to as the First Helen Hayes Theatre .
Khazang ( Persian : خازنگ‎ , also Romanized as Khāzang ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Garwolewo ( ɡarvɔˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mountain Creek Lake is a reservoir located 8 miles ( 13 km ) southwest of downtown Dallas , Texas ( USA ) in the Mountain Creek area of the city .
Darreh - ye Sag Koshteh ( Persian : دره سگ كشته‎ ; also known as Darreh - ye Shīr Koshteh ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sar Poleh - ye Tudar ( Persian : سرپله تودار‎‎ , also Romanized as Sar Poleh - ye Tūdār ; also known as Sar Poleh and Sar Peleh - ye Nowdār ) is a village in Koregah - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Blanerne Castle is the remains of a 16th - century fortified house , located in the grounds of Blanerne House , an 18th - century country house between Chirnside and Preston in the Scottish Borders .
Cape Dorset ( Inuktitut : Kinngait ( high mountain ) ; Syllabics : ᑭᙵᐃᑦ ) is an Inuit hamlet located on Dorset Island near Foxe Peninsula at the southern tip of Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Maran - e Sofla ( Persian : مران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Marān - e Soflá and Marrān - e Soflá ) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Soborzyce ( sɔbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Zielona , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Khak Beh Tiyeh ( Persian : خاكبتيه‎ , also Romanized as Khāk Beh Tīyeh , Khākbetīyeh , Khāk Betyeh , and Khāk Petyeh ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Zalaqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
San Vicente Reservoir is a reservoir created by the San Vicente Dam in San Diego County , California .
Kariz - e Bala ( Persian : كاريزبالا‎ , also Romanized as Kārīz - e Bālā ) is a village in Zaveh Rural District , in the Central District of Zaveh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Jalgaon Jamod is a tehsil and a municipal council town situated in the north of Buldhana district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
The De Long Mountains are a mountain range in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Tarkiln School ( also misspelled as Tarklin School ) , is a historic school building at 245 Summer Street in Duxbury , Massachusetts .
Centralia College , an institution of higher learning located in Centralia , Washington , is a two - year institution and in 2012 began offering a Bachelor of Applied Science in Applied Management degree ( BAS - AM ) and now offers a Bachelor of Applied Science in Diesel Technology ( BAS - D ) .
Cheshmeh Kamareh ( Persian : چشمه كمره‎ ) is a village in Nurabad Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mihalț ( German : Michelsdorf ; Hungarian : Mihálcfalva ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
The West Branch Wading River is a 22.7-mile - long ( 36.5 km ) tributary of the Wading River in Burlington County in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States .
Osiek Łużycki ( ˈɔɕek wuˈʐɨt͡ski ) ( German : Wendisch Ossig , 1937 - 45 : Warnsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the German border .
The Orman House ( built in 1838 ) is a Florida State Park and historic site located in Apalachicola , in northwestern Florida .
Tymianki - Okunie ( tɨˈmjaŋki ɔˈkuɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Będzymin ( bɛnˈd͡zɨmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Niewiarowo - Sochy ( ɲevjaˈrɔvɔ ˈsɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rastehi ( Persian : راسته ائ‎ , also Romanized as Rāsteh’ī ) is a village in Hudian Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Fish Springs Range is a 16-mile ( 26 km ) long narrow , and north - trending mountain range located in center - west Juab County , Utah .
Qalyan Saz ( Persian : قليانساز‎ , also Romanized as Qalyān Sāz ) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Betty and Milton Katz Jewish Community Center ( locally known as the Katz JCC , the JCC , or `` the J '' ) is a Jewish Community Center located in Cherry Hill , New Jersey .
Xrobb l - Għaġin Tower ( Maltese : Torri ta ' Xrobb l - Għaġin ) , originally known as Torre di Siuarep , is a ruined watchtower in Xrobb l - Għaġin , limits of Marsaxlokk , Malta .
Kolahi ( Persian : كلاهي‎ , also Romanized as Kolāhī ) is a village in Tiab Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Årjäng Municipality ( Årjängs kommun ) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden , bordering Norway .
Thorncliffe Park Raceway was a racetrack in Leaside , Ontario , Canada that operated from 1917 until 1952 .
Ottmarsheim is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France , on Highway 9 just across the Rhein River from its terminus at the German Autobahn Steinenstadt interchange .
University of Upper Alsace ( French Université de Haute - Alsace , UHA ) is a multidisciplinary teaching and research centre based in the two cities of Mulhouse and Colmar .
Troitsky Administrative Okrug ( Russian : Троицкий административный округ ) , is one of the twelve administrative okrugs of Moscow .
Countess Cross is a hamlet in the civil parish of Colne Engaine , near the town of Halstead in the Braintree district , in the English county of Essex .
Hubkiv ( Ukrainian : Губків ) is a village in Berezne Raion , Rivne Oblast , Ukraine .
The Fisherville Historic District is a historic district encompassing one of the four 19th century industrial villages of Grafton , Massachusetts .
The Chinese Aviation Museum ( simplified Chinese : 中国航空博物馆 ; traditional Chinese : 中國航空博物館 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Hángkōng Bówùguǎn ) , sometimes referred to as the China Aviation Museum and the Datangshan Aviation Museum ( due to its location adjacent to the mountain of the same name ) , is an aviation museum close to Beijing in China .
Westminster Abbey , formally titled the Collegiate Church of St Peter at Westminster , is a large , mainly Gothic abbey church in the City of Westminster , London , located just to the west of the Palace of Westminster .
The Heaviest Corner on Earth is a promotional name given to the corner of 20th Street and 1st Avenue North in Birmingham , Alabama , United States , in the early 20th century .
Yord - e Jamal ( Persian : يردجمال‎ , also Romanized as Yord - e Jamāl ; also known as Yūrd - e Jamāl ) is a village in Balesh Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Ötztal Alps ( German : Ötztaler Alpen , Italian : Alpi Venoste ) are a mountain range in the Central Eastern Alps , in the State of Tyrol in southern Austria and the Province of South Tyrol in northern Italy .
Rancho Santa Paula y Saticoy was a 17,773-acre ( 71.92 km2 ) Mexican land grant in the Santa Clara River Valley , in present - day Ventura County , California , and granted in 1843 by Governor Manuel Micheltorena to Manuel Jimeno Casarin .
Teresin - Karczma ( tɛˈrɛɕin ˈkart͡ʂma ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Innerbelt Bridge was a truss arch bridge in Cleveland , Ohio carrying Interstate 90/Innerbelt Freeway over the Cuyahoga River .
Lewis Wetzel Wildlife Management Area ( WMA ) is located in Wetzel County , West Virginia , USA , about 0.75 miles ( 1.21 km ) south of Jacksonburg on County Route 82 .
Jerry 's Nugget Casino is a casino in North Las Vegas , Nevada , privately owned and operated by the Stamis family , with 24,000 square feet ( 2,200 m2 ) of gaming space .
Lansingville is a traditional neighborhood in Youngstown , Ohio .
Dachuan District ( Chinese : 达川区 ) is a district of Dazhou in northeastern Sichuan province .
Windsor Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Cockfield , in the Babergh District of the county of Suffolk , England .
Valashed - e Pain ( Persian : ولاشدپائين‎ , also Romanized as Valāshed - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Kalut ( Persian : كلاته كلوت‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Kalūt ) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Sandy Co - Op Block , located at 8750 South Center St. ( 150 East ) , in Sandy , Utah , was built in 1889 .
Williams Island Dam is located on the James River in the independent city of Richmond , Virginia .
Clarendon Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 4M8 ) is a city owned , public use airport located five nautical miles ( 6 mi , 9 km ) southwest of the central business district of Clarendon , a city in Monroe County , Arkansas , United States .
Ware railway station is in Ware in Hertfordshire , England .
WDTE ( 88.3 FM ) is a religious radio station transmitting from Grosse Pointe Shores , Michigan , USA .
The Trans - Manhattan Expressway is an east -- west limited - access highway in New York City , in the United States .
Elderslie is a village in the council area and historic county of Renfrewshire in west central Scotland .
Little Mongeham is a small hamlet near Dover in Kent , southeast England .
Lilas ( Persian : ليلاس‎ , also Romanized as Līlās , Lailās , and Leylās ; also known as Līlān and Leylān ) is a village in Solgi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Darreh Qahti ( Persian : دره قحطي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Qaḥṭī ; also known as Darreh Qa``ţī ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 155 , in 31 families .
Tasmania ( /tæzˈmeɪniə/ ; abbreviated as Tas and known colloquially as `` Tassie '' ) is an island state of the Commonwealth of Australia .
The Phillips Mansion is a Second Empire style historic house in Pomona , Los Angeles County , California .
Adamangalam - Pudur is a village panchayat in the foot of eastern ghats in the Kalasapakkam Taluk of Tiruvannamalai district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Luzerne County Fresh Air Camp , also known as Ferrwood Music Camp , is a historic fresh air camp located in Butler Township , Luzerne County , Pennsylvania .
The Abbey of Santa Giustina is a Benedictine abbey in the center of the City of Padua , facing the Prato della Valle , which dates from the 10th century .
Straide ( Irish : An tSráid ) , or Strade , is a village in County Mayo , Ireland .
Skyway Manor Airport ( FAA LID : T79 ) is a public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of the central business district of Pearland , a city in Brazoria County , Texas , United States .
Nowsaleh ( Persian : نوساله‎ , also Romanized as Nowsāleh ) is a village in Abbas - e Gharbi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dana Adobe or `` Casa de Dana '' is a historic building in Nipomo , California .
Piffione ( Piffiù in Lombard language ) is a frazione of the Italian town Borgosatollo , in the province of Brescia , in Lombardy .
The 9 Cleveland is a residential and commercial complex located in Downtown Cleveland , Ohio , United States , at the corner of East Ninth Street and Euclid Avenue .
Cottage Row Historic District is a national historic district located in Saranac Lake ( Harrietstown ) in Franklin County , New York .
The Deering Bridge , near Sutton , Nebraska , is a historic bridge that was built in 1916 .
Kleinkahl is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia ( Unterfranken ) in Bavaria , Germany , and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( Administrative Community ) of Schöllkrippen .
The Skykomish River is a Washington river which drains the west side of the Cascade Mountains in the southeast section of Snohomish County and the northeast corner of King County .
Powiersze ( pɔˈvjɛrʂɛ ) ( German : Powarschen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Mistaya Canyon is a canyon in the western part of the Alberta province of Canada .
The Waterloo Hotel is a historical hotel located on Waterloo Place in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Soveydani ( Persian : سويداني‎ , also Romanized as Soveydānī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lake Belmore was built in 1995 to supply town water to Croydon , Queensland .
Cracker ( benchmark ) ( 9,833 feet ( 2,997 m ) ) is located in the Lewis Range , Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana .
Wright Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Groton Road near Lynwood Lane in Westford , Massachusetts .
Bakke Mountain is a summit located in the town of Florida , Massachusetts .
Šibenik - Knin County ( pronounced ( ʃîbe̞niːk knîːn ) ; Croatian : Šibensko - kninska županija ) is a county in southern Croatia , located in the north - central part of Dalmatia .
Haft Tash ( Persian : هفت تاش‎‎ , also Romanized as Haft Tāsh ; also known as Haftāsh and Haftdasht ) is a village in Buin Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Ali Sorud ( Persian : عليسرود‎ , also Romanized as `` Alī Sorūd ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 332 , in 113 families .
Blue Mountain Community College is a community college located in Pendleton , Oregon , United States , and serves Umatilla , Morrow , and Baker counties .
Monte Grosso is a mountain in Haute - Corse , Corsica , France , with an elevation of 1,937 metres ( 6,355 ft ) .
The Woodstock Community Center is a community center and former fire station built in 1928 , located in the Woodstock neighborhood of Portland , Oregon , United States .
Gorgin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گرگين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Korani District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Sarah - e Shadadi ( Persian : سراح شهدادي‎ , also Romanized as Sarāḥ - e Shahdādī ) is a village in Tarom Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Payson Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district composed of Seymour Elementary School and Payson Seymour High School , and is centrally based in Payson , Illinois , a village in Adams County ; it serves Payson and the surrounding municipalities .
Łubianki ( wuˈbjaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bumdeling Gewog ( Dzongkha : བུམ་སྡེ་གླིང་ ) ( sometimes spelt Bomdeling ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashiyangtse District , Bhutan .
Araras ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐˈɾaɾɐs ) ) is a municipality located in the interior of State of São Paulo , Brazil .
Amrui ( Persian : عمرويي‎ , also Romanized as `` Amrū’ī ; also known as Amruni and Imrūni ) is a village in Ayask Rural District , in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 329 , in 74 families .
Burrilanka is situated in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh State .
Skorodne ( skɔˈrɔdnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Скородне , Skorodne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Qarah Takanlu ( Persian : قره تكانلو‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Takānlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Hanover County Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KOFP , FAA LID : OFP ) is a public airport located 14 miles ( 22 km ) north of the central business district of Richmond , Virginia , United States .
Bądków - Kolonia ( ˈbɔntkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczyn , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Parnass Tower ( German : Parnaß - Turm ) is an observation tower in the town of Plön in the North German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
The Redgranite Correctional Institution is a medium security adult male correctional institution located in Redgranite , Wisconsin , in the United States .
Rederscheid is a village in the municipality of Windhagen in the district of Neuwied , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Bon Zard - e Sofla ( Persian : بن زردسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bon Zard - e Soflá and Bon Zard Soflá ; also known as Bon Zard and Bon Zard - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Congress Theater is a historic movie palace in Chicago .
Dumas House is a fourteen storey office building constructed in Perth , Western Australia during the 1960s .
KGDC ( 1320 AM ) is a radio station based in Walla Walla , Washington , broadcasting on 1320 kHz in the AM radio spectrum .
Brahmavar ( Kannada : ಬ್ರಹ್ಮಾವರ ) is a main road town on NH 66 ( formerly NH 17 ) , located 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) north of the Udupi in Udupi district in Karnataka state of India .
Bradwell Abbey or Bradwell Priory is a Scheduled Ancient Monument , urban studies site , district and civil parish in Milton Keynes , ceremonial Buckinghamshire , England .
Carlow / Mayo is a township in northern Hastings County in Eastern Ontario , Canada .
Isperih Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Исперих ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Razgrad Province , Northeastern Bulgaria , located in the Ludogorie geographical region part of the Danubian Plain .
Fifal - e Sharqi ( Persian : في فل شرقي‎ , also Romanized as Fīfal - e Sharqī ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Margravial Opera House ( German : Markgräfliches Opernhaus ) is a Baroque opera house in the town of Bayreuth , Germany , built between 1744 and 1748 .
Bayonne High School ( BHS ) is a four - year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Bayonne , Hudson County , New Jersey , operated by the Bayonne Board of Education .
The Milton W. Smith House is a house located in the south Portland historic district , Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Shotor Khun ( Persian : شترخون‎ , also Romanized as Shotor Khūn ; also known as Shotor Khān ) is a village in Pataveh Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nalanda ( IAST : Nālandā ; /naːlən̪d̪aː/ ) was an acclaimed Mahavihara , a large Buddhist monastery in the ancient kingdom of Magadha ( modern - day Bihar ) in India .
Ranchos de Taos Plaza is a historic district in Ranchos de Taos , New Mexico , about four miles south of the town of Taos , New Mexico .
Waddon is a neighbourhood in the London Borough of Croydon , to the west and south west of central Croydon .
The J. Warren Smith House is a house at 21 North Palmetto Street at the corner of North Palmetto and Edgemont Streets in Liberty , South Carolina in Pickens County .
Kambel Dal Morad ( Persian : كمبل دلمراد‎ , also Romanized as Kambel Dal Morād ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Molokini is a crescent - shaped , partially submerged volcanic crater which forms a small , uninhabited islet located in Alalakeiki Channel between the islands of Maui and Kahoʻolawe , within Maui County in Hawaiʻi .
North Point Church is an evangelical Christian Assemblies of God megachurch located in Springfield , Missouri , Nixa , Missouri and Joplin , Missouri .
Xaverian Brothers High School ( XBHS ) , founded in 1963 by the Xaverian Brothers , is a private , Catholic secondary school for boys in grades 7 - 12 on a 33-acre ( 130,000 m2 ) campus in Westwood , Massachusetts .
The Boulevard Drive - In Theater is a closed Drive - in theater , located in Allentown , Pennsylvania .
Chalabeh ( Persian : چالابه‎ , also Romanized as Chālābeh ) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Calico Mountains Wilderness is a U S Wilderness Area in Nevada under the Bureau of Land Management .
The Republican River is a river in the central Great Plains of North America , rising in the High Plains of eastern Colorado and flowing east 453 miles ( 729 km ) through the U.S. states of Nebraska and Kansas .
Bumping Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Bumping River , in Yakima County , Washington state , USA .
Camp MacArthur ( or Camp McArthur ) was an American military training base in Waco , Texas during World War I. It was named for General Arthur MacArthur , Jr. on July 18 , 1917 .
WTSR ( 91.3 FM ) is a non - commercial radio station broadcasting from The College of New Jersey ( formerly Trenton State College ) , servicing Mercer County and Bucks County , Pennsylvania as well as broadcasting over the internet .
The Duane Arnold Energy Center ( DAEC ) is located on a 500-acre ( 200 ha ) site on the west bank of the Cedar River , two miles ( 3.2 km ) north - northeast of Palo , Iowa , USA , or eight miles ( 13 km ) northwest of Cedar Rapids .
Partęczyny ( partɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie nad Osą , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Herttoniemenranta ( Finnish ) , Hertonäs strand ( Swedish ) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland . Herttoniemenranta is part of Herttoniemi and it was built in the late 1990s and early 2000s .
The Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome is a living museum , having many examples of airworthy aircraft of the Pioneer Era , World War I and the Golden Age of Aviation between the World Wars , and multiple examples of roadworthy antique automobiles and other vehicles that is located in Red Hook , New York , USA .
Hasanabad - e Khanem Vakili ( Persian : حسن ابادخانم وكيلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Khānem Vakīlī ; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Harder Stadium ( a.k.a . Soccer Heaven ) is a 17,000 seat , outdoor multi - purpose stadium on the campus of the University of California , Santa Barbara in Santa Barbara , California .
Ahmadabad - e Almasaki ( Persian : احمدآباد الماسکی ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kani Tumar ( Persian : كاني طومار‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Ţūmār ) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kesanapalli is a village in East Godavari district , in Andhra Pradesh State .
Khalaf Aziz ( Persian : خلف عزيز‎ , also Romanized as Khalaf `` Azīz ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 833 , in 156 families .
Wishon Dam ( National ID # CA00411 ) is a dam in Fresno County , California in the Sierra National Forest , in the Sierra Nevada Mountain Range .
Mittagong is a town located in the Southern Highlands of New South Wales , Australia , in Wingecarribee Shire .
Kniażyce ( kɲaˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Ski Ward Ski Area is a small ski area located in Shrewsbury , Massachusetts .
Heritage Woods Secondary School is a coeducational high school located in Port Moody , British Columbia .
Nowe Kramsko ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈkramskɔ ) ( German : Kleistdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Bob Carr Theater is a major performing arts auditorium in Orlando , Florida and seats 2,518 .
Kolesh Taleshan ( Persian : كلش طالشان‎ , also Romanized as Kolesh Ţāleshān ; also known as Golshan Ţāleshān ) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Baylor Ballpark is the baseball stadium at Baylor University in Waco , Texas .
New Downs is a farm near Camborne and St Agnes in Cornwall , England .
Bala Marznak ( Persian : بالامرزناك‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Marznāk ) is a village in Gatab - e Jonubi Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tobay Beach is a restricted access recreational beach located in the middle of Jones Beach Island , a barrier island off the South Shore of Long Island , New York in Nassau County , New York .
Sar Asiab - e Karreh ( Persian : سراسياب كره‎ , also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb - e Karreh ; also known as Sar Āsīāb ) is a village in Tut - e Nadeh Rural District , in the Central District of Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Peacock Beach State Park is a locally managed , public recreation area on Pleasant Pond in Richmond , Maine .
Chideock ( /ˈtʃɪdək/ CHI - dək ) is a village and civil parish in south west Dorset , England , situated close to the English Channel between Bridport and Lyme Regis .
Kardgar Khatir ( Persian : كاردگرخطير‎ , also Romanized as Kārdgar Khaţīr ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kashal - e Azad Mahalleh ( Persian : كشل ازادمحله‎ , also Romanized as Kashal - e Āzād Maḩalleh ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bhanda Kansara is a village in the Indian state of Orissa , with a population of more than 8,000 people located in the Kendujhar district .
Koziegłówki ( kɔʑeˈɡwufki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Koorvere ( also known as Kuurvere ) is a village in Vastse - Kuuste Parish , Põlva County in southeastern Estonia .
The Riverland is a region of South Australia .
The Ülikooli Street ( Estonian : Ülikooli tänav , University Street ) is a street in the center of Tartu in Estonia .
Usnarz Górny ( ˈusnaʂ ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sian Ka'an is a biosphere reserve in the municipality of Tulum in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo .
Giugnola is a village in central Italy , administratively divided into two frazioni of the two municipalities of Castel del Rio ( in Emilia - Romagna ) and Firenzuola ( in Tuscany ) .
Cidade Universitária is a neighborhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , on an Island .
Sarqan - e Sofla ( Persian : سرقان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sārqān - e Soflá ; also known as Sārqān - e Pā’īn , Sārgān Pā’īn , Sarqān , and Shargu ) is a village in Shakhen Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Sheykh ( Persian : مزرعه شيخ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra’eh - ye Sheykh ; also known as Sheykhān ) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District , Salami District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Santa Monica Pier Aquarium is an aquarium in Santa Monica , California , located beneath the Santa Monica Pier , adjacent to the Pacific Ocean .
The Highland Mountains , highest point Table Mountain , el . 10,223 feet ( 3,116 m ) , are a small mountain range southwest of Whitehall , Montana in Silver Bow and Madison County , Montana .
Cool Spring Battlefield is a historic American Civil War battlefield and national historic district located near Berryville , Clarke County , Virginia .
Łabędzin ( waˈbɛnd͡ʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Xizhaotong ( Chinese : 西兆通镇 ) is a township - level division of Chang'an District , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Christine Falls is a waterfall on Van Trump Creek in Pierce County , Washington .
South Governorate ( Arabic : الجنوب‎ ; transliterated : al - Janub ) is one of the governorates of Lebanon .
KIOZ , also known as Rock 105.3 , is an active rock station in San Diego , California .
Chah - e Kari ( Persian : چاه كري‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Karī ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Holmwood Estate ( Tamil : ஹோம்வூட் தோட்டம் ) is a Tea Estate in the Agrapatana region in Nuwara Eliya District , Central Province .
Homerville Airport ( ICAO : KHOE , FAA LID : HOE ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northwest of the central business district of Homerville , a city in Clinch County , Georgia , United States .
Community of Peace Academy ( CPA ) is a chartered public school located in the East Side of Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States .
Qarah Ghurat ( Persian : قره غورت‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Ghūrat ; also known as Qarah `` Owrat ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 117 , in 22 families .
The Revention Music Center ( formerly known as Verizon Wireless Theater , Aerial Theater and Bayou Music Center ) is an indoor theater owned by Live Nation and located in Houston , Texas , United States .
King 's High School is a private , non - denominational Christian school , located in Shoreline , Washington , just north of Seattle .
Zir Kamar ( Persian : زيركمر‎ , also Romanized as Zīr Kamar ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Turzovka is a town in the Čadca District , Žilina Region in north - western Slovakia .
Ainslie St. Transit Terminal is the main hub for local Grand River Transit bus services in Cambridge , Ontario .
Shavers Fork Mountain Complex is the name given to the mountains on either side of Shavers Fork in the highlands portions of Randolph County , Pocahontas County , and Tucker County in West Virginia , USA .
Wojny - Piecki ( ˈvɔi̯nɨ ˈpjɛt͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Mount Eden Cemetery is a cemetery in Hayward , California , in the former city of Mount Eden .
WJAD ( branded as Rock 103 ) is a radio station serving Albany , Georgia and surrounding cities with a rock format .
Lindell Library , also known as the James G. Lindell Family Library , is the academic library of Augsburg College , a liberal arts college in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Annan District ( Chinese : 安南區 ; pinyin : Ānnán Qū ; Wade -- Giles : An1-Nan2 Ch'ü1 ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : An - Lâm - Khu ) is a coastal district located in the west of Tainan , Taiwan .
Wola Brudnowska ( ˈvɔla brudˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Cape May Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in New Jersey at the tip of Cape May , in Lower Township 's Cape May Point State Park .
Harley Street Fissure is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar .
Kokkilai or Kokilai or Kokkulaay ( Tamil : கொக்குளாய் Kokkuḷāy ) is a town in the Mullaitivu District , Sri Lanka .
Sobiekurów ( sɔbjɛˈkuruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Veerachinnampatty is a village in Dindigul district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Pomielin ( pɔˈmjɛlin ) ( German Pomehlen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kopyłów ( kɔˈpɨwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Karrinyup bus station is a Transperth bus station located next to Karrinyup Shopping Centre in Karrinyup , approximately 10 kilometres north of Perth , Western Australia .
Khorusi - ye Shomali ( Persian : خروسي شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Khorūsī - ye Shomālī ; also known as Khorūs - e Shomālī ) is a village in Naseri Rural District , Khanafereh District , Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Porębiska ( pɔrɛmˈbiska ) ( German : Porembischken ; 1938 - 45 : Vierwinden ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Choqa Balak - e Harqorush ( Persian : چقابلك هرقروش‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Balak - e Harqorūsh ; also known as Harqorūsh ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District , in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Farm to Market Road 1863 ( FM 1863 ) is a 17.097 mi ( 27.515 km ) farm to market road located primarily in Comal County , Texas .
KUAT - FM is a radio station operated out of the University of Arizona and serving the Tucson , Arizona , metropolitan area .
The Jamieson River is an inland river in Victoria , Australia .
The Yellow Brick House , or Moorfield , is a historic home located at Bivalve , Wicomico County , Maryland , United States .
Pasalari ( Persian : پاسالاري‎ , also Romanized as Pāsālārī ) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The House at 262 - 264 Pelham Street in Methuen , Massachusetts is a rare Georgian Revival two - family house in a rural - suburban setting .
Deitz Farm , also known as General Robert E. Lee Headquarters , is a national historic district located near Meadow Bluff , Greenbrier County , West Virginia .
The Jiaohe Ruins is a Chinese archaeological site found in the Yarnaz Valley , 10 km west of the city of Turpan in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region .
Chesapeake Regional Airport ( ICAO : KCPK , FAA LID : CPK ) is a public use airport located in the city of Chesapeake , Virginia and serving the Hampton Roads area .
Craignure ( /kreɪɡˈnjʊər/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Creag an Iubhair ) is a village and the main ferry port on the Isle of Mull , Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Pazardzhik Province ( Bulgarian : Област Пазарджик Oblast Pazardzhik , former name Pazardzhik okrug ) is a province in Southern Bulgaria , named after its administrative and industrial centre - the city of Pazardzhik .
Farsta strand is a suburban satellite town in the south part of Stockholm Municipality , Sweden .
Nienadówka ( ɲenaˈdufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Małopolski , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Ystradfellte is a small village in southern Powys , Wales , in the Fforest Fawr area of the Brecon Beacons National Park .
Terra Lago , Indio is a gated community located in Riverside County , California , of the Coachella Valley , approximately 25 miles ( 40 km ) east of Palm Springs .
Kharileh ( Persian : خريله‎ , also Romanized as Kharīleh ) is a village in Delbaran Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Embu das Artes , previously and commonly known simply as Embu , is a Brazilian municipality in the State of São Paulo .
Queanbeyan High School is a New South Wales Government School situated in a large service centre just beyond the limits of the Australian Capital Territory .
The Richardson Block is an historic block of commercial buildings at 113 - 151 Pearl and 109 - 119 High Streets in Boston , Massachusetts .
Kalateh - ye Teymur ( Persian : كلاته تيمور‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Teymūr ) is a village in Barrud Rural District , Kuhsorkh District , Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the 1000 Islands is a museum in Gananoque , Ontario , Canada , that interprets the history and ecology of Gananoque and the 1000 Islands .
Saint - André - de - Corcy is a commune in the Ain département in eastern France .
Andreas Rieth Homestead is a historic home located near Pennsburg at Marlborough Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
The George Caleb Bingham House is a historic house , part of Arrow Rock State Historic Site in Arrow Rock , Missouri .
Denver Federal Center , surrounded by Lakewood , Colorado , is part of the General Services Administration and is home to about 6,200 employees for many Federal government of the United States agencies .
Carcoar Dam is a minor ungated concrete double parabolic arch dam with an uncontrolled overflow spillway across the Belubula River upstream of Carcoar in the central west region of New South Wales , Australia .
South Xueyuan Road Subdistrict ( Chinese : 学院南路街道 ) is a township - level division of Lunan District , Tangshan , Hebei , China .
The Bergmann Hotel is a hotel and bar operating at 434 3rd Street in Juneau , Alaska .
High Mowing School is an independent private , co - educational , day and boarding school , located in Wilton , New Hampshire , in the United States .
Strożęcin ( strɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sir Matt Busby Way is a road in Old Trafford , Greater Manchester , England .
Jeziorki Małe ( jɛˈʑɔrki ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Kleinschöntal ; until 1938 : Klein Jesziorken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Chegeni - ye Sofla ( Persian : چگني سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Chegenī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Chizeh ( Persian : چيزه‎ , also Romanized as Chīzeh and Chiza ) is a village in Chuqur Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Wapping Dock is a dock on the River Mersey , England , and part of the Port of Liverpool .
Montisi is a frazione of the comune of San Giovanni d'Asso .
Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park is a state park located on Blennerhassett Island , a small island in the Ohio River , located in Wood County , West Virginia , USA .
Taipei ( /ˌtaɪˈpeɪ/ , literally means `` North of Tai(wan ) '' ) , officially known as Taipei City ( Chinese : 臺北市 or 台北市 ; pinyin : Táiběi Shì ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tâi - pak Chhī ) , is the capital city and a special municipality of Taiwan .
Storebø is the administrative centre and largest village in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Mil Aghardan ( Persian : ميل اغاردان‎ , also Romanized as Mīl Āghārdān and Mīlāghārdān ; also known as Miragarden ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Humber Valley Village is a neighbourhood located in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Pelee Island Airport ( ICAO : CYPT ) is located adjacent to the west side of Pelee , Ontario Canada .
Qiamdasht ( Persian : قيام دشت‎ , also Romanized as Qīāmdasht ) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Søborg is a neighbourhood in Gladsaxe Municipality , located some 10 km northwest of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Grand Caverns , formerly known as Weyer 's Cave , is located in the central Shenandoah Valley in the town of Grottoes , Virginia , USA .
Gomel District , Homieĺski Rajon ( Belarusian : Гомельскі раён ) is an administrative subdivision , a rajon of Gomel Region , in Belarus .
Daqdaqabad ( Persian : داق داق اباد‎ , also Romanized as Dāqdāqābād ) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District , in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Taylorstown , Pennsylvania is a census - designated place in Blaine Township , Washington County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Royal Canadian Military Institute ( RCMI ) , located in Toronto , Ontario , is a private members '' organization .
Qanat Kalantar ( Persian : قنات كلنتر‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt Kalāntar and Qanāt - e Kalāntar ) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pir Emam ( Persian : پيرامام‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Emām and Pīremām ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
CKBE - FM ( 9 - 2 - 5 the Beat ) is an English language Canadian radio station located in Montreal , Quebec .
Fahrumand ( Persian : فهرومند‎ , also Romanized as Fahrūmand ) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Clay County Fair is held every September in Spencer , Iowa , United States .
The Naniboujou Club Lodge is a resort and restaurant built as part of a private club on the North Shore of Lake Superior in Cook County , Minnesota , USA , about 15 miles ( 24 km ) east of Grand Marais .
Gerd Visheh ( Persian : گردويشه‎ , also Romanized as Gerd Vīsheh and Gardvishāh ; also known as Gardevishe and Gerdeh Bīsheh ) is a village in Khorgam Rural District , Khorgam District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
West Stockholm Historic District is a national historic district located in the town of Stockholm in St. Lawrence County , New York .
Il Hesar ( Persian : ايل حصار‎ , also Romanized as Īl Ḩeşār ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Gombe , Butambala , often referred to simply as Gombe , is a municipality in Butambala District in the Central Region of Uganda .
Penobscot Theatre Company ( PTC ) , located in Bangor , Maine , is America 's Northeastern - most professional theatre company .
The John Harrington Stevens House was the first authorized house on the west bank of the Mississippi River in what would become Minneapolis in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
The Point Reyes Lighthouse , also known as Point Reyes Light or the Point Reyes Light Station , is a lighthouse in the Gulf of the Farallones on Point Reyes in Point Reyes National Seashore , located in Marin County , California , United States .
Nalconagar is a census town in Angul district in the Indian state of Odisha . Nalconagar , Angul is a suburb of Angul , Odisha .
Mazukaleh Poshteh ( Persian : مازوكله پشته‎ , also Romanized as Māzūkaleh Poshteh ; also known as Māzokaleh , Māzokaleh Poshteh - ye Bālā , and Māzūkaleh Poshteh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Inongo is a town and capital of Mai - Ndombe District , Bandundu Province in the western part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
For the first time ever , a Broadway in Tucson show will be held at University of Arizona 's Centennial Hall .
Enkhuizen ( ɛŋkˈɦœy̯zə(n ) ) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland and the region of West - Frisia .
The Jackson Barnett No . 11 Oil Well was the most productive oil well in the Cushing Oil Field of northeastern Oklahoma , to the south of Drumright .
Phlai Chumphon ( Thai : พลายชุมพล ) is a subdistrict in the Mueang Phitsanulok District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Hebronville Mill Historic District is a historic district on Knight Avenue , Read and Phillip Streets in Attleboro , Massachusetts .
Eslamshahr County ( Persian : شهرستان اسلام‌شهر‎ ) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran .
Kamiona ( kaˈmjɔna ) ( German : Ziebern ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice , within Głogów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hopkie - Kolonia ( ˈxɔpkʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Charaimari is a village near Mushalpur town in Baksa district of Assam state of India .
The Gambia National Museum is a Gambian cultural museum located in Banjul .
Niger or Niger State is a state in Central Nigeria and the largest state in the country .
The Hartland landfill is the waste disposal site for the city of Victoria , British Columbia and the Greater Victoria area .
St. Jakobshalle is an arena in Münchenstein , near Basel , Switzerland .
Allston is a neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , located in the western part of the city .
Wasatch Academy is an independent , coeducational , college preparatory boarding school for grades 8 - 12 located in Utah .
Chavakachcheri ( Tamil : சாவகச்சேரி Cāvakaccēri , Sinhalese : ජාවකච්චේරි Jāvakachchēri ) is a large town in the Jaffna peninsula of Jaffna District , Northern Province , Sri Lanka .
Hovenäset is a locality in Sotenäs Municipality in Västra Götaland County and is located about 3 km north of Kungshamn .
East Richmond railway station is located on the Lilydale , Belgrave , Alamein , and Glen Waverley lines in Victoria , Australia .
The Wannamoisett Country Club is a private golf course located in Rumford , Rhode Island .
Qizcheh ( Persian : قيزچه ‎ , also Romanized as Qīzcheh ; also known as Qīnarcheh , Qīnarjeh , and Qīzjeh ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pfarrkirchen is a municipality in southern Lower Bavaria Germany , the capital of the district Rottal - Inn .
Krojczyn ( ˈkrɔi̯t͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Kreutzen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gukjeh ( Persian : گوكجه‎ , also Romanized as Gūkjeh ; also known as Būkcheh ) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District , Pishkamar District , Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Sopot is a town with powiat ( county ) status , in Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Burgas Province ( Bulgarian : Област Бургас - Oblast Burgas , former name Burgas okrug ) is a province in southeastern Bulgaria , including southern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast .
The Canadian Meteorological Centre ( CMC ) , located in Dorval , Quebec , is the branch of Environment Canada 's Meteorological Service of Canada that is tasked with providing forecast guidance to national and regional prediction centres .
Lake Clementine ( also known as North Fork Lake ) is a reservoir at an elevation of 718 feet ( 219 m ) on the North Fork American River Canyon below the picturesque gold rush era town of Auburn ( elev . 1200 ' ) in northern California .
Pacanowice ( pat͡sanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The McLachlen Building is an historic structure located in Downtown Washington , D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1985 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 .
A Rúa is a mostly rural Galician municipality in the comarca of Valdeorras , eastern province of Ourense , 101 km ( 63 mi ) from the provincial capital , Ourense .
Piątak ( ˈpjɔntak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Akiaki is a low coral atoll in the eastern area of the Tuamotu Archipelago , French Polynesia .
45 Christopher Street is a residential building facing south onto Christopher Park in the Greenwich Village Historic District on the west side of lower Manhattan in New York City .
Luneh ( Persian : لونه‎ , also Romanized as Lūneh ) is a village in Tarrud Rural District , in the Central District of Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Kharabeh Razi ( Persian : خرابه رضي‎ , also Romanized as Kharābeh Raẕī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Spring Coulee is a hamlet in southern Alberta , Canada within Cardston County , located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) east of Highway 5 , approximately 42 kilometres ( 26 mi ) southwest of Lethbridge .
Karasjok ( pronunciation ) or Kárášjohka ( Northern Sami ) Kaarasjoki ( Finnish ) is a municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Oak City Christian Church , also known as Oak City Christian Church , Disciples of Christ , is a historic Christian Church ( Disciples of Christ ) ( DOC ) church located at 310 W. Commerce Street in Oak City , Martin County , North Carolina .
The Sanilac Shores Underwater Preserve was established to promote conservation of the submerged historical resources in Lake Huron near Port Sanilac , Michigan .
Badingham is a civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district of eastern England .
The Hallgarter Zange is a hill in the Taunus mountains of Hesse , Germany .
The Evenk Ethnic Sumu ( simplified Chinese : 鄂温克民族苏木 ; traditional Chinese : 鄂溫克民族蘇木 ; pinyin : Èwēnkè Mínzúsūmù ) is an administrative subdivision in the northeastern part of Old Barag Banner in Hulunbuir , Inner Mongolia .
Tianyuan District ( Chinese : 天元区 ) is a district of Hunan Province , China , under the administration of Zhuzhou city .
Fort Benning is a United States Army base straddling the Alabama - Georgia border next to Columbus , Georgia .
Borszyn ( ˈbɔrʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Santa María la Real de Nieva is a municipality located in the province of Segovia , Castile and León , Spain , about 30 km ( 18 mi ) northwest of Segovia town .
Aliabad - e Gavkosh ( Persian : علي اباد گاوكش‎ , also Romanized as `` Alīābād - e Gāvkosh ) is a village in Khaveh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 191 , in 33 families .
Manheru is the largest village in Bhiwani district , Haryana state , India .
Gol Neshin ( Persian : گل نشين‎ , also Romanized as Gol Neshīn ) is a village in Rudpey - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chipewyan Lake Airport , ( TC LID : CEG5 ) , is located 3.5 nautical miles ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) northeast of Chipewyan Lake , Alberta , Canada .
Congregation B'nai Torah is a Conservative synagogue located in Sandy Springs , Georgia , United States .
São Luiz do Paraitinga ( `` Saint Louis of the Paraitinga '' ) is a municipality ( município ) in the eastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil .
Braunschweig ( German pronunciation : ( ˈbʁaʊ̯nʃvaɪ̯k ) ; Low German : Brunswiek ( ˈbrɔˑnsviːk ) ) , also called Brunswick in English , is a city of 250,556 people , located in the state of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Parc Kellermann is a public park located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris which was created between 1939 and 1950 on the former bed of the Bievre river .
The former Reading Municipal Building is a historic building at 49 Pleasant Street in Reading , Massachusetts .
Huckleberry Botanic Regional Preserve is a 241 acres ( 0.98 km2 ) regional park and nature reserve in the Berkeley Hills , in the eastern East Bay ( San Francisco Bay Area ) region of the San Francisco Bay Area of California .
Otruda ( ɔˈtruda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sørreisa ( Northern Sami : Ráisavuona suohkan ) is a municipality in Troms county , Norway .
Dolne Wymiary ( ˈdɔlnɛ vɨˈmjarɨ ) ( German : Niederausmaß ; translation : Lower Dimensions ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Amaseno is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) southeast of Rome and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south of Frosinone , located in the Monti Lepini mountain area .
Thenathoor is a small village , population of 5000 , located 16 kilometers from Thodupuzha , Kerala , India .
Pishakhvor ( Persian : پيش اخور‎ , also Romanized as Pīshākhvor , Pish Akhor , and Pīshākhūr ; also known as Mīshābād , Pācheh Khowr , and Pashakhūr ) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Mazon Creek fossil beds are a conservation lagerstätte found near Morris , in Grundy County , Illinois .
The Palo Alto Unified School District is a public school district located near Stanford University in Palo Alto , California .
Osiki ( ɔˈɕiki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lifou ( lifu ) is a commune of France in the Loyalty Islands Province of New Caledonia in the Pacific Ocean .
Victoria Baths is a Grade II * listed building , situated in the Chorlton - upon - Medlock area of Manchester , in northwest England .
The National Library of Senegal ( Bibliothèque nationale du Sénégal or Bibliothèque des Archives nationales du Sénégal ) is located in Dakar , Senegal .
Kenilworth ( pronounced /ˈkɛnɨlwərθ/ ) is a town and civil parish in Warwickshire , England , approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) southwest of Coventry , 4 miles ( 6 km ) north of Warwick and 90 miles ( 140 km ) northwest of London .
Wildflecken is a municipality in the Bad Kissingen district , at the border of northwestern Bavaria and southern Hesse .
Pommier ( literally meaning `` apple tree '' ) is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
Coldstream Bridge , linking Coldstream , Scottish Borders with Cornhill - on - Tweed , Northumberland , is an 18th - century Grade II * listed bridge between England and Scotland , across the River Tweed .
Gidesk ( Persian : گيدسك‎ , also Romanized as Gīdesk , Gīdesg , and Gidisk ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tenkasi is one of the municipalities in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu , India and it is the second largest town in Tirunelveli district .
The Calvin Auditorium or Calvin Auditory ( French Auditoire de Calvin ) , originally the Notre - Dame - la - Neuve Chapel , is a chapel in Geneva , Switzerland , which played a significant role in the Protestant Reformation .
The Plaza de Cibeles is a square with a neo - classical complex of marble sculptures with fountains that has become an iconic symbol for the city of Madrid .
Tarna Mare ( Hungarian : Nagytarna ; Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈnɒɟtɒrnɒ ) ) is a commune of 4,435 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Athus ( German : Athem , Luxembourgish : Attem , Walloon : Atu ) is a town and section of the Aubange municipality of the province of Luxembourg , in south - eastern Belgium .
Abbasabad - e Jadid ( Persian : عباس ابادجديد‎ , also Romanized as `` Abbāsābād - e Jadīd ; also known as Abbāsābād ) is a village in Shabeh Rural District , Jangal District , Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 223 , in 62 families .
Inpyeong - dong is a dong in Tongyeong City , in far southeastern South Korea .
Mandarin Oriental , New York , is a five - star hotel located in Manhattan 's Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle in New York City , managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group .
Księżpole - Smolaki ( kɕɛ̃ʂˈpɔlɛ smɔˈlaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gillams is a village located north west of Corner Brook , Newfoundland and Labrador .
Nebrowo Małe ( nɛˈbrɔvɔ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Nebrau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Madison Avenue Baptist Church was first chartered in 1848 as Rose Hill Baptist Sunday School and Church , on East 30th Street between Third and Lexington Avenues in Manhattan , New York City .
Notre - Dame de la Trinité Basilica ( French : basilique Notre - Dame de la Trinité ) is a Roman Catholic basilica church dedicated to the Our Lady of the Trinity and located in Blois , in the Loir - et - Cher department of France .
The Elijah Miller House is a historic home in North White Plains , Westchester County , New York .
Zazduiyeh ( Persian : ذزدوييه‎ , also Romanized as Ẕazdū’īyeh ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Litychowo ( litɨˈxɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Sutton Veny is a village and civil parish situated in the Wylye Valley , about 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) southeast of the town of Warminster in Wiltshire , England .
Schweinsberg Castle or Schweinsberghaus is a fortified house in the municipality of Attinghausen in the canton of Uri in Switzerland .
The Cosmos Club is a private social club in Washington , D.C. , founded by John Wesley Powell in 1878 .
Fall City Airport ( FAA LID : 1WA6 ) is a private airport community located just outside Fall City , Washington
KNLV - FM ( branded as V-103.9 ) is a radio station licensed to serve Ord , Nebraska broadcasting a country music format .
The Virginia Zoological Park is a 53-acre ( 21 ha ) zoo located adjacent to Lafayette Park in Norfolk , Virginia , United States .
Pierce National Wildlife Refuge is located in southwest Washington within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area .
The Ottawa Catholic School Board is a publicly funded separate school board in Greater Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Mahizard ( Persian : ماهي زرد‎ , also Romanized as Māhīzard ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wielanowo ( vjɛlaˈnɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Villnow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Edsberg Castle is a castle in Sweden located by the bay of Edsviken in Sollentuna Municipality , north of Stockholm .
Camp Wyandot is owned and operated by Camp Wyandot , Inc. , a non - profit youth organization , based out of Columbus , Ohio .
Lucky Peak Dam is a rolled earth and gravel fill embankment dam in the United States , located on the Boise River in Ada County , Idaho .
The USANA Amphitheatre is a 20,000-seat outdoor amphitheater , located in West Valley City , Utah .
Salmon Valley is a community on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George , British Columbia .
Shooting at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin saw the reintroduction of 50 metre pistol ( then called Free Pistol ) but still only had three events .
Haworth High School is a public , four year high school serving Haworth , Oklahoma and surrounding communities .
Bala Bowra ( Persian : بالابورا‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Bowrā ; also known as Sarbūrā and Sar Būrā ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Grenada Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KGNF , FAA LID : GNF ) is a public use airport in Grenada County , Mississippi , United States .
Krąplewice ( krɔmplɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
St Paul 's Catholic High School is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school with academy status located in the Newall Green area of Manchester , England .
Chesgin ( Persian : چسگين‎ , also Romanized as Chesgīn , Cheskīn , Chasgīn , and Chīskīn ; also known as Chegīn and Chekīn ) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District , Ramand District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Leopoldowo ( lɛɔpɔlˈdɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hall Memorial School is located at 111 River Road ( Route 32 ) in Willington , Connecticut .
Sarayköy is a town and district of Denizli Province in Turkey , 20 km west of the city of Denizli , on a plain between mountains and watered by Büyük Menderes River .
Storlus ( ˈstɔrlus ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Brickendon is a village in the civil parish of Brickendon Liberty in the district of East Hertfordshire about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of the county town Hertford , and is served by Bayford railway station .
Chylinki ( xɨˈlinki ) , is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Giby , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania .
Elliott T. Bowers Stadium is a 12,593-seat multi - purpose stadium in Huntsville , Texas , in the United States .
Redtye is a hamlet in mid Cornwall , England .
Ucú Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` place of the seven moons '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 192.89 km2 ) of land and located roughly 16 km northwest of the city of Mérida .
Morawy - Laski ( mɔˈravɨ ˈlaski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin - Ośrodek , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Starzykowo ( staʐɨˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Groß Stärkenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Węgierka ( vɛŋˈɡʲɛrka ) ( Ukrainian : Угорка , Uhorka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Finglesham is a village near Deal in Kent , England , which was the location of the Finglesham Anglo - Saxon cemetery , site of a seventh - century Anglo - Saxon archaeology find known as `` Finglesham man , '' as described in 1965 by Sonia Chadwick Hawkes and Hilda Ellis Davidson .
Marie Reine is a hamlet in northwest Alberta , Canada within Northern Sunrise County .
The House at 12 Linden Street in Brookline , Massachusetts , is a rare local example of Greek Revival styling , and one of a few houses to survive from the residential development of the Linden Street area in the 1840s .
Mint River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Dargoszewo ( darɡɔˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Alt Dargsow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kattarp is a locality situated in Helsingborg Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with a population of 688 inhabitants in 2010 .
Mosfiloti ( Greek : Μοσφιλωτή , Turkish : Mosfiloti ) is village located in the Larnaca District of Cyprus .
The Riverside Community College District , or RCCD , is the community college district serving Riverside , California , United States , and neighboring cities .
Coral Gables Preparatory Academy , formerly Coral Gables Elementary School , is a public K-8 school in Coral Gables , Florida .
Sierskowola ( ɕerskɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
School No . 6 is a historic school building located at Lima in Livingston County , New York .
Lamarduni ( Persian : لامردوني‎ , also Romanized as Lāmardūnī ) is a village in Dasht - e Lali Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Tolman - Gay House is a historic colonial house at 1196 Central Avenue in Needham , Massachusetts .
The Morgan Doll Museum is a doll museum in Altus , Oklahoma .
Nastanj ( Persian : نستنج‎ ; also known as Nasqenj and Nastān ) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Smygehamn is the southernmost locality situated in Trelleborg Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 1,278 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Woodman is a public house on Albert Street in Birmingham , England that is Grade II listed .
McLaren Flint is a nonprofit , 416-bed tertiary teaching hospital located in Flint , Michigan .
Zaręby - Bindugi ( zaˈrɛmbɨ binˈduɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew - Osada , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Alfredówka ( alfrɛˈdufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Dęba , within Tarnobrzeg County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Piazza della Santissima Annunziata is a square in the city of Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
Scotia Bluffs form a 2-mile ( 3-kilometer ) series of gray sandstone cliffs along the north bank of the Eel River near Rio Dell , California .
Lake Wentworth is located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire , United States , in the town of Wolfeboro .
Lake Bastrop is a reservoir on Spicer Creek in the Colorado River basin 3 miles ( 5 km ) northeast of the town of Bastrop in central Bastrop County , Texas , USA .
Anaran Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اناران‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Dehloran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Modesto Arch is a centennial slogan arch , built in 1912 , to welcome automobile drivers to Modesto , California where it currently stands at the intersection of 9th and I Streets .
Shariati - ye Yek ( Persian : شريعتي يك‎ , also Romanized as Sharīʿatī - ye Yek ) was a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Benvoulin is a neighbourhood in the City of Kelowna , British Columbia , located on the north side of Mission Creek .
Sant Pere de la Portella is a Benedictine monastery in the town of La Quar , in the comarca of Berguedà , Catalonia , Spain .
Cedar Creek Golf Course at Beavers Bend ( also known simply as Cedar Creek ) is a public golf course on the shores of Broken Bow Lake , about nine miles north of the city of Broken Bow , Oklahoma .
Tajar ( Persian : تجر‎ ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District , Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Brewster Academy ( also called BA ) is a co - educational independent boarding school located on 80 acres ( 32 ha ) in Wolfeboro , New Hampshire USA .
Terry - Ketcham Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Center Moriches in Suffolk County , New York .
Eshkaftestan ( Persian : اشكفتستان‎ , also Romanized as Eshkaftestān and Eshkoftestān ; also known as Eshkaft ) is a village in Rostam - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dalkeith Palace in Dalkeith , Midlothian , Scotland , is a historic house and the former seat of the Duke of Buccleuch .
Gowd Bid - e Olya ( Persian : گودبيدعليا‎ , also Romanized as Gowd Bīd - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The House at 44 Linden Street in Brookline , Massachusetts , is a little - altered local example of Second Empire styling .
Storkow Castle ( German : Burg Storkow ) is a medieval castle in the small town of Storkow in the district of Oder - Spree in the German state of Brandenburg .
The church of San Pancrazio ( English : S. Pancras ; Latin : S. Pancratii ) is a Roman Catholic ancient basilica and titular church founded by Pope Symmachus in the 6th century in Rome , Italy .
The Cedarmere - Clayton Estates are located in Roslyn Harbor , New York , United States , listed jointly on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 .
Ashland Covered Bridge , also known as Ashland Bridge or Barley Mill Road Covered Bridge , is a covered bridge over Red Clay Creek on Barley Mill Road ( near the junction of Brackenville Road ) in Ashland in New Castle County , Delaware .
Mienice ( mjɛˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznia Mała , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Boreham is a village and civil parish , in Essex , England .
Bhilkati is a village in Phaltan tehsil of Satara district in Maharashtra state of India .
Milton Hospital is a hospital located in Milton , Massachusetts , at 199 Reedsdale Road .
Pope 's Hill is a hill and a small village situated in the east of the Forest of Dean , Gloucestershire within the parish of Littledean .
KYSF ( 97.5 FM , `` Air 1 '' ) is a radio station licensed to Bonanza , Oregon , USA .
Airolo ( Airöö in its local dialect , Romansh : Iriel ) is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Wólka Somiankowska ( ˈvulka sɔmjaŋˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sodium Carbonate Company ( Persian : شركت كربنات سديم‎ -- Sherḵat - e Karbonāt Sodīm ) is a village and company town in Lasgerd Rural District , Sorkheh District , in the Central District of Sorkheh County , Iran .
El Capitán State Beach ( meaning `` the captain '' in Spanish ) is a protected beach in the state park system of California .
Kelly 's Westport Inn is a famous drinking establishment in Westport , Kansas City , Missouri , constructed around 1850 .
WAWO ( 1400 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Alma , Georgia , USA .
The Salkehatchie River originates near the City of Barnwell , South Carolina and accepts drainage from Turkey Creek and Whippy Swamp before merging with the Little Salkehatchie River to form the Combahee River Basin , which empties into Saint Helena Sound and the Atlantic Ocean .
Swarthmore High School was a four - year public high school in Swarthmore , Pennsylvania serving the Boroughs of Swarthmore and Rutledge .
Nowon District ( Nowon - gu ) is a residential district of Seoul , South Korea , Located in the northeastern part of the metropolitan city .
Fernsplatt is a hamlet situated 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) east of Redruth in Cornwall , England .
Arlington Baptist High School is a Christian private high school located in Baltimore , Maryland .
Chili Gulch ( also spelled Chile Gulch ) is a gulch in Calaveras County , California .
Clevedon is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of North Somerset , which covers part of the ceremonial county of Somerset , England .
Névache ( French pronunciation : ​(nevaʃ ) ; Occitan : Nevascha ( neˈvastʃɔ , neˈvaːtsɔ ) ) is a commune in the Hautes - Alpes department in southeastern France .
The Household No . 1 Site is an archaeological site in Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Plain of Zgharta ( or Plain of Zghorta ) is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site approximately 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) east and southeast of Tripoli in Lebanon .
Great Ormside is a small village in the parish of Ormside , in the Eden District , in the English county of Cumbria .
Beznabad - e Sofla ( Persian : بزن ابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Beznābād - e Soflá ; also known as Bazīnābād - e Pā’īn and Beznābād - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Whitefish Theatre Company ( WTC ) is a non - profit , community - based performing arts company which performs in the 326-seat I.A. O'Shaughnessy Center located at 1 Central Avenue in Whitefish , Montana .
The Iburg Castle ( German : Schloss Iburg ) , is a castle and former Benedictine abbey in Bad Iburg , Germany .
Mizil ( Romanian pronunciation : ( miˈzil ) ) is a town in Prahova County , Romania .
Shah Najer ( Persian : شاه ناجر‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Nājer ) is a village in Tavabe - e Kojur Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Chesapeake Detention Facility ( CDF ) , previously the Maryland Correctional Adjustment Center ( MCAC ) , is a maximum level II ( supermax or control unit ) prison operated by the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services in Baltimore .
The Honey War was a bloodless territorial dispute in the 1830s between Iowa ( first as a part of Wisconsin Territory , then Iowa Territory ) and Missouri over their border .
Nur Mohammad Bazar ( Persian : نور محمد بازار‎ , also Romanized as Nūr Moḩammad Bāzār ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Assorput Strait ( old spelling : Agssorput ) is a strait in the Uummannaq Fjord system in northwestern Greenland .
The Pyramid Lake Fault Zone is an active right lateral - moving ( dextral ) geologic fault located in western Nevada .
Khani Ab ( Persian : خاني اب‎ , also Romanized as Khānī Āb ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Święcianowo ( ɕfjɛnt͡ɕaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sadberge is a village in the borough of Darlington and ceremonial county of County Durham , England .
Geras Abbey ( Stift Geras ) is a Premonstratensian monastery in Geras in Lower Austria .
The Charter Street Historic District encompasses a small remnant of the oldest part of Salem , Massachusetts that has since been surrounded by more modern development .
In 1956 , Irpin 's status was changed to that of a `` city of raion ( district ) subordination , '' subordinate to the Kiev - Sviatoshyn Raion ( district ) .
Poshtgar - e Shah Babek ( Persian : پشت گرشه بابك‎ , also Romanized as Poshtgar - e Shah Bābek ; also known as Poshtgar ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Château de Chaumont ( or Château de Chaumont - sur - Loire ) is a castle in Chaumont - sur - Loire , Loir - et - Cher , France .
The Beatrixkwartier ( literally Beatrix Quarter in Dutch ) is a modern financial district in The Hague , near the Central Station , in the Bezuidenhout district .
Narikkalpatti is a village in the Dindigul District of the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu , located 11 km from Palani .
Agassiz Recreational Trail is a 53-mile multi - use rail trail in northwest Minnesota , USA , between Crookston and Ulen .
Vallecorsa is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) southeast of Rome and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of Frosinone , in the Monti Ausoni area .
The River Cywyn ( Welsh Afon Cywyn ) is a river that flows through Carmarthenshire , south Wales .
Qaleh Sharhan ( Persian : قلعه شرهان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Sharḩān ; also known as Qal``eh Sharḩāl ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 56 , in 9 families .
Bihar ( /bᵻˈhɑːr/ ; Hindustani pronunciation : ( bɪˈɦaːr ) ) is a state in East India .
Camp Agawam is a boys ' camp located on Crescent Lake in Raymond , Maine , U.S. , which is one of the oldest summer camps for boys in the United States .
Enayati - ye Bala ( Persian : عنايتي بالا‎ , also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī - ye Bālā ) is a village in Abshar Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Bahreman ( Persian : بهرمان‎‎ , also Romanized as Bahremān ; also known as Bāhermūn and Bahrmun ) is a city in and the capital of Nuq District , in Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Morissen ( Romansh : Murissen ) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Shur Hayat ( Persian : شورحيات‎ , also Romanized as Shūr Ḩayāt ) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District , in the Central District of Aqqala County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Kavsi ( Persian : كوسي‎ , also Romanized as Kavsī ) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Witham 's Cemetery is a cemetery in Gibraltar .
The Eightmile River has its source along a small drainage into several small swamps in an undeveloped region about three miles east of Bashan in the town of East Haddam , Connecticut .
Bogovići ( Serbian : Боговићи ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Goworów ( ɡɔˈvɔruf ) ( German : Lauterbach ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kolonia Grabostów ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɡraˈbɔstuf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Beale Mountains are located in the Mojave National Preserve in eastern California .
Vyšehrad ( Czech for `` upper castle '' ) is a historical fort located in the city of Prague , Czech Republic .
The Shang Grand Tower , also known as simply the Shang Tower , is a high - end residential condominium skyscraper located in Makati , Philippines .
Hasanabad - e Qadamgah ( Persian : حسن ابادقدمگاه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Qadamgāh ; also known as Ḩasanābād , Ḩassanābād , and Qadamgāh ) is a village in Shurab Rural District , in the Central District of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kłokowice ( kwɔkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Jaffal - e Olya ( Persian : جفال بالا‎ , also Romanized as Jaffāl - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Ngurah Rai International Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Internasional Ngurah Rai ) ( IATA : DPS , ICAO : WADD ) , also known as Denpasar International Airport , is the main airport in Bali , located 13 km south of Denpasar .
Mae Hong Son Province ( Thai : แม่ฮ่องสอน , pronounced ( mɛ̂ː hɔ̂ŋ sɔ̌ːn ) ; formerly called Mae Rong Son ) , also spelled Maehongson , Mae Hong Sorn or Maehongsorn , is one of the northern provinces ( changwat ) of Thailand , on the country 's western border .
Fivehead is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated on the Fivehead River , 8 miles ( 12.9 km ) miles east of Taunton in the South Somerset district .
Waldighofen ( Alemannic German : Wàldighoffe ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility ( RJDCF or RJD ) is a state prison located in unincorporated southern San Diego County , California , near San Diego .
Zallughal ( Persian : زلوغال‎ , also Romanized as Zallūghāl , Zūllūqāl , and Zallūqāl ) is a village in Golbibi Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Piz de Trescolmen is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , situated in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
Owli Qeshlaq ( Persian : اولي قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Owlī Qeshlāq ) is a village in Mulan Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kotpad is a town and a notified area committee in Koraput district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Jarzębiec ( jaˈʐɛmbjɛt͡s ) ( German : Schönau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kalateh - ye Molla Aziz ( Persian : كلاته ملاعزيز‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Mollā `` Azīz ) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District , in the Central District of Esfarayen County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 103 , in 25 families .
Statesville Christian School in Statesville , North Carolina is a nondenominational Christian K--12 school for students in the greater Statesville area .
Khedbrahma ( pronunciation ) is a town and a taluka in Sabarkantha , Gujarat .
Mazraeh - ye Bala ( Persian : مزرعه بالا‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Jabal Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 41 , in 11 families .
Rosławowice ( rɔswavɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Richardson Highway is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska , running 368 miles ( 562 km ) and connecting Valdez to Fairbanks .
Edmunds Center is a 5,000-seat multi - purpose arena at Stetson University in DeLand , Florida , that opened on December 5 , 1974 .
The Sentinel Plain is an extensive northwest - southeast trending plain south of the Gila River Valley in southwestern Arizona , USA .
CIOT - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a christian music format at 104.1 FM in Nipawin , Saskatchewan .
Imer Hajji Allahyar ( Persian : ايمرحاجي الهيار‎ , also Romanized as Īmer Ḩājjī Allāhyār ; also known as Īmer Khvājeh Allāhyār ) is a village in Bagheli - ye Marama Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Varduq ( Persian : وردوق‎ , also Romanized as Vardūq , Vardavaq , Vardevaq , and Wardavaq ) is a village in Garmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Taconic Correctional Facility is a medium security women 's prison in Bedford Hills , New York that is operated by the New York Department of Corrections .
The Old L & N Station in the northernmost section of the Bardstown Historic District of Bardstown , Kentucky is an historic railroad station on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Judge J. Frank Graff Bridge is a truss bridge connecting Manor Township and North Buffalo Township , Pennsylvania .
Dikti or Dicte ( Greek : Δίκτη ) ( also Lasithiotika Ori ; Greek : Λασιθιώτικα Όρη ) is a mountain range on the east of the island of Crete in the regional unit of Lasithi .
Vologda Oblast ( Russian : Вологодская область , tr . Vologodskaya oblast ; IPA : ( vəlɐˈɡotskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ ) ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) .
KMGC ( 104.5 FM , `` The Rhythm of South Arkansas '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an urban contemporary music format .
The Pancratiuskerk ( St. Pancras Church ) is a Roman Catholic church in Heerlen in the Netherlands .
Estadio Felipe Martínez Sandoval was a multi - use stadium in Guadalajara , Mexico , that was also known as Parque Oro .
Randolph - Henry High School is the only high school located in Charlotte County , Virginia , enrolling approximately 680 students ( 2008 - 2009 ) according to the Randolph - Henry guidance department .
Tazehabad - e Marzian ( Persian : تازه ابادمرزيان‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Marzīān ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Chahardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Quirihue ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kiˈɾiwe ) ) is a Chilean city in Quirihue , Ñuble Province , Bío - Bío Region .
Boguchwały ( bɔɡuxˈfawɨ ) ( German : Alt Reichau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tornareccio is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy , particularly noted for its apiaries and archaeological significance .
Parekkattukara is a small village in Thrissur district , Kerala , India , with a population of around 1000 families .
Cermak Road , also known as `` Twenty - Second Street '' , is a 19-mile - long , major east - west artery on Chicago 's near south and west sides and the city 's western suburbs .
Cadsden is a hamlet in South Buckinghamshire , England , two miles north east of Princes Risborough .
Vedelago ( Venetian : Vedeàgo ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) northwest of Venice and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) west of Treviso .
Farm to Market Road 2017 , Farm Road 2017 , or FM 2017 is a 9.2 miles ( 14.8 km ) road maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) between FM 1523 in Culberson County and U.S. Route 90 in Jeff Davis County between Van Horn and Valentine .
Gostičaj ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гостичај ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gardangah - e Quchemi ( Persian : گردنگاه قوچمي‎ , also Romanized as Gardangāh - e Qūchemī ; also known as Gardāngāh ) is a village in Homeyl Rural District , Homeyl District , Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Yamunanagar district ( Hindi : यमुनानगर जिला ) is one of the 21 districts of the Indian state of Haryana .
Whitney Avenue is a principal arterial connecting Downtown New Haven with the town center of Hamden in the U.S. state of Connecticut .
Czarnków - Trzcianka County ( Polish : powiat czarnkowsko - trzcianecki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Greater Poland Voivodeship , west - central Poland .
Sur Shafilat ( Persian : سورشفيع لات‎ , also Romanized as Sūr Shafīʿlāt ; also known as Sūr Shafīlāt ) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District , Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Vowchurch is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire , England , situated in the Golden Valley , on the River Dore .
Smarano ( German : Smarein , Ladin : Smaran ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Trento .
The A. Alfred Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning ( also Taubman College ) is an undergraduate and graduate institution for the built environment at the University of Michigan .
Kateh Shamshir - e Sofla ( Persian : كته شمشيرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kateh Shamshīr - e Soflá and Kateh Shamshīr Soflá ; also known as Kateh Shamshīr and Katteh Shamshīr - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Prince of Wales Stadium is a multi - sport stadium in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , England , with a running track and athletics facilities .
Sosna - Korabie ( ˈsɔsna kɔˈrabjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Goose Lake Valley is located in south - central Oregon and northeastern California in the United States .
Abd ol Majid ( Persian : عبدالمجيد‎ , also Romanized as `` Abd ol Majīd ; also known as Fatḩābād ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 124 , in 34 families .
Buleh Kola ( Persian : بوله كلا‎ , also Romanized as Būleh Kolā ) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
High School for Recording Arts ( HSRA ) is a public charter high school located in the Midway neighborhood of Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States .
The Binghamton Fire Department is the fire department providing fire protection and emergency medical services to the city of Binghamton , New York .
The Tower Life Building is a landmark and historic building in Downtown San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Drążdżewo Nowe ( drɔ̃ʐˈd͡ʐɛvɔ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Abd - e Raghan ( Persian : ابدرجهان‎ , also Romanized as Abd - e Raghān ) is a village in Ravar Rural District , in the Central District of Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Band - e Nowruz ( Persian : بندنوروز‎ , also Romanized as Band - e Nowrūz ) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Zoveyr - e Chari ( Persian : زويرچري‎ , also Romanized as Zoveyr - e Charī , Zoveyr - e Cherī , and Zovairé Cheri ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Blanchette Memorial Bridge are a pair of twin cantilever bridges carrying Interstate 70 across the Missouri River between St. Louis County and St. Charles County , Missouri , opened in 1959 .
Mehmandust Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مهماندوست‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sąspów ( ˈsɔ̃spuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowice - Przeginia , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Lambert Point Light was a small screwpile lighthouse in Norfolk , Virginia ; it was built in 1872 .
The Douglas Arterial Road is a four - lane motorway located in Townsville , Queensland .
Cumberland Power Plant is a 2.6-GW pulverized coal - powered power station located at 36 ° 23′29``N 87 ° 39′17''W in Cumberland City , Tennessee , USA , on the south bank of Lake Barkley on the Cumberland River .
Presbyterian College , commonly known as PC , is a four - year , private liberal arts college located in Clinton , South Carolina , United States and affiliated with the Presbyterian Church .
Tikamgarh district ( Hindi : टीकमगढ़ जिला ) is one of the 50 districts of Madhya Pradesh state in central India .
Michałów Górny ( miˈxawuf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Old Town Farm is a historic poor farm building at 430 Pelham Street in Methuen , Massachusetts .
Masheh Kah ( Persian : مشه كه‎ ) is a village in Shanderman Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Eugene Airport ( IATA : EUG , ICAO : KEUG , FAA LID : EUG ) , also known as Mahlon Sweet Field , is a public airport 7 miles ( 11 km ) northwest of Eugene , in Lane County , Oregon .
Cegielnia - Rudki ( t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa ˈrutki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Chal Shahrgariveh ( Persian : چال شهرگريوه‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Shahrgarīveh ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Englehart ( Canada 2011 Census population 1,519 ) is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario , located on the Englehart River in the Timiskaming District .
Starved Rock Lock and Dam , also known as Lock and Dam No . 6 , is a lock and dam facility managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers along the Illinois River .
The Palos Verdes Peninsula is a landform and a geographic sub - region of the Los Angeles metropolitan area , within southwestern Los Angeles County in the U.S. state of California .
Funan County ( simplified Chinese : 阜南县 ; traditional Chinese : 阜南縣 ; pinyin : Fùnán Xiàn ) is a county of western Anhui Province , East China , under the administration of Fuyang City .
The Fort Neuf de Vincennes ( `` New Vincennes Fort '' ) is a fortification built on the grounds of the Château de Vincennes , on the east side of Paris .
Lake Dunlap is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River near the town of New Braunfels in Guadalupe County , Texas , USA .
Dizalu ( Persian : ديزلو‎ , also Romanized as Dīzalū ; also known as Ādīzlū , Dīzā , and Diziloo ) is a village in Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Ardestan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Gilmour Academy is an independent , Roman Catholic , coeducational , college - preparatory day and boarding school in the Cleveland suburb of Gates Mills , Ohio .
The Yale University Art Gallery houses a significant and encyclopedic collection of art in several buildings on the campus of Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Gannett Peak is the highest peak in the U.S. state of Wyoming and straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette Counties along the Continental Divide .
Havasupai Trail is the main trail to Supai , Arizona , and to Havasu Falls .
Binaba is a rural village in the Bawku West District of the Upper East Region in north Ghana .
Dundrennan ( Gaelic : Dun Droighnein ) is a village in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland , about five miles east of Kirkcudbright .
The Gates Farm Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that crosses the Seymour River off State Route 15 in Cambridge , Vermont .
Horishnia Vyhnanka ( Ukrainian : Горі́шня Ви́гнанка ) is a village located in the Chortkiv Raion ( district ) of the Ternopil Oblast ( province of Western Ukraine ) .
The capital of Gdańsk County in Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999 , Pruszcz Gdański was a town in the Gdańsk Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998 .
Budharaopet is a village in Khanapur Mandal of Warangal District in Telangana , India .
Drummond Battery was a counter bombardment battery at Port Kembla , New South Wales , Australia , during World War II . Constructed in 1942 to provide protection for Port Kembla from enemy shipping and submarines .
Thwaite Mills is an industrial museum in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Khalur ( Persian : خلور‎ , also Romanized as Khalūr and Kholūr ; also known as Khalūz ) is a village in Sahray - ye Bagh Rural District , Sahray - ye Bagh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
WDPN is an AM radio station in Alliance , Ohio , operating on 1310 kHz .
Zaratamo ( Spanish : Zarátamo ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Abu Yuru ( Persian : ابويرو‎ , also Romanized as Abū Yūrū and Abū Yowrū ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Benillup ( Valencian and Spanish : ( beniˈʎup ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Seewlisee ( or Seewli ) is a lake in Uri , Switzerland at an elevation of 2028 m. Its surface area is 9 ha .
Bronno ( ˈbrɔnnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Neu Wulmstorf ( Low German : Vosshusen ) is a municipality ( ' Einheitsgemeinde ' ) in the district of Harburg , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Square des Batignolles , which covers 16,615 square metres of land ( approximately four acres ) , is the largest green space in the 17th arrondissement of Paris .
Doylestown Airport ( IATA : DYL , ICAO : KDYL , FAA LID : DYL ) is a public airport in Bucks County , Pennsylvania , owned by the Bucks County Airport Authority .
Vadamugam Vellode ( வடமுகம் வெள்ளோடு)or V.Vellode , simply called as Vellode வ.வெள்ளோடு ) is a village panchayat located in Erode district ( Tamil Nadu / India ) .
Owj ( Persian : اويج‎ , also Romanized as Auj ) is a village in Afriz Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rembieszów - Kolonia ( rɛmˈbjɛʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Château des Chances is a ruined castle in the commune of Les Haies in the Rhône département of France , at the foot of the Pilat massif .
The Tecumseh Downtown Historic District is a historic district comprising the downtown commercial area of the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County , Michigan .
KVRP - FM ( 97.1 FM ) is a commercial radio station in Haskell in the U.S. state of Texas , broadcasting to the northern sections of the Abilene , Texas , area .
Susnari - ye Sofla ( Persian : سوسناري سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sūsnārī - ye Soflá ; also known as Sūsnārī - ye Pā’īn and Sūsnsārī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Bajestan Rural District , in the Central District of Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Saddleworth is a civil parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham in Greater Manchester , England .
Äußere Neustadt ( English `` Outer New Town '' ) , also known as Antonstadt after Anthony ( German : Anton ) , King of Saxony , is a neighborhood in Dresden , Germany .
Churthara is a village in Jalesar tehsil , 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) from the district of Etah , in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Örnsköldsvik Municipality ( Örnsköldsviks kommun ) is one of Sweden 's 290 municipalities , in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden .
Portuense is the 11th quartiere ( neighbourhood ) of Rome ( Italy ) , identified by the initials Q.XI .
Barkote is a town and in Debagarh district in the Indian state of Odisha .
Kennedy 's Theatre is a theater in downtown Cleveland , Ohio , part of the Playhouse Square .
Westfield Countryside ( formerly Countryside Mall ) is a shopping mall in Clearwater , Florida .
Saaleck Castle ( German : Burg Saaleck ) lies only a few hundred metres from another castle , the Rudelsburg , further upstream on the Saale above Bad Kösen in the village of Saaleck in the district of Burgenlandkreis in Saxony - Anhalt .
St. Colman 's Catholic School is a historic landmark located in Turtle Creek , Allegheny County , Pennsylvania .
Malton GO Station is a train and bus station in the GO Transit network , located near Toronto Pearson International Airport , in the community of Malton in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Todwick is an affluent village in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire , England .
Dartut - e Movvali ( Persian : دارتوت موالي‎ , also Romanized as Dārtūt - e Movvālī ) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Cheghalu ( Persian : چغالو‎ , also Romanized as Cheghālū ) is a village in Leylan - e Jonubi Rural District , Leylan District , Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Tweed Range is a mountain range which is the western extension of the Tweed Volcano caldera rim , part of the Scenic Rim of the Great Dividing Range , located in northern New South Wales , near the southeastern border of Queensland , in Australia .
Puerto Gaitán ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpweɾto ɣaiˈtan ) ) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department , Colombia .
San Salvatore in Lauro ( St. Salvatore at the Laurels ) is a Catholic church in central Rome , Italy .
Gav Sur ( Persian : گاوسور‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Sūr ; also known as Gausurkh , Gav - e Sorkh , and Gāv Sorkh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Kerend Rural District , in the Central District of Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Camp Atwater is a summer camp on Shore Road in North Brookfield , Massachusetts .
Fathabad - e Olya ( Persian : فتح ابادعليا‎ , also Romanized as Fatḩābād - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 196 , in 40 families .
The Venetian Theatre is a movie theater , performing arts venue , and restaurant in downtown Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
No Name Key is an island located in the lower Florida Keys in the United States .
Dom Rubah Dan ( Persian : دمروباه دان‎ , also Romanized as Dom Rūbāh Dān ; also known as Deh Mardū , Dehmīrdān , Dom Reydān , and Domrū Bādān ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
River Ward or Ward 16 ( French : Quartier Rivière ) is a municipal ward located in Ottawa , Ontario .
Roccapipirozzi is an Italian village , hamlet ( frazione ) of the municipality of Sesto Campano in the Province of Isernia , Molise .
Tysaashvan ( Ukrainian : Тисаашвань ; Hungarian : Tiszaásvány , Ásvány ) is a village located in the Uzhhorod Raion ( district ) in the Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Dún Ailinne ( pronounced ( ˈd̪ˠuːn̪ˠ ˈalʲɪ nʲə ) ; sometimes anglicized Dun Aulin ) is an ancient ceremonial site on the hill of Cnoc Ailinne ( Knockaulin ) in County Kildare , Ireland .
Masha - ye 30 Jahadabad ( Persian : مشاع 30جهاداباد‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 30 Jahādābād ) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Helen Glacier is located east of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming .
Dąbrówka - Młyn ( dɔmˈbrufka ˈmwɨn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Green Bay Harbor Entrance Light is an offshore lighthouse north of Green Bay , Wisconsin .
Wajsznory ( vai̯ʂˈnɔrɨ ) ( German Weischnuren ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qur'an Gate ( Persian : دروازه قرآن‎ Darvāzeh Qur'an ) is a historic gate in the north of Shiraz , Iran .
The Conimbla National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Central West region of New South Wales in eastern Australia .
The Basilica of San Albino , formerly known as San Albino Church of Mesilla , is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces and is located in Mesilla , New Mexico .
Barley Beach is the official GNIS name given to an undeveloped sandy beach on the Oregon Coast immediately north of Gold Beach in Curry County , United States .
Three Island Crossing State Park is a state park of Idaho , United States , interpreting the site of a ford of the Snake River on the Oregon Trail .
Ibi , Burkina Faso is a village in Rollo Department of Bam Province in northern Burkina Faso , West Africa .
Jurna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈjuːɾna ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Jurna vas ) is a settlement in the hills south of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Malashi ( Persian : ملاشي‎ , also Romanized as Malāshī ; also known Qorbānābād ) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Yates Oil Field is a giant oil field in the Permian Basin of west Texas .
Edburton is a small village in West Sussex , England , on the road from Upper Beeding to Fulking .
The Lagonda Club Building is a historic clubhouse in downtown Springfield , Ohio , United States .
KPRF ( 98.7 FM , `` Jack FM '' ) is a commercial radio station located in Amarillo , Texas .
Cordón is a central barrio ( neighbourhood or district ) of Montevideo , Uruguay , located directly East of the Centro .
The Old Collier County Courthouse is a historic two - story concrete and stucco courthouse building located in Everglades City , Florida .
WLXG is licensed to Lexington , Kentucky and serves the Lexington and Frankfort area .
Czarny Las - Kolonia ( ˈt͡ʂarnɨ ˈlas kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bartoszówek ( bartɔˈʂuvɛk ) ( German : Barzdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Santuario della Consolata or Sanctuary of the Virgin of the Consolation is a prominent Marian sanctuary and minor basilica in central Turin , Piedmont , Italy .
The Mykilska Slobidka ( Ukrainian : Микільська слобідка ; Russian : Никольская слободка ) was a former sloboda ( settlement ) located on the left - bank outskirts of Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
The original Maroon Creek Bridge is a steel trestle along State Highway 82 at the western boundary of Aspen , Colorado , United States .
Zeydanlu ( Persian : زيدانلو‎ , also Romanized as Zeydānlū ) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The North Holderness Freewill Baptist Church - Holderness Historical Society Building ( Third Free Will Baptist Church of Holderness ) is an historic church building in Holderness , New Hampshire .
Mahneshan County ( Persian : شهرستان ماه‌نشان‎ ) is a county in Zanjan Province in Iran .
Magazine Gap Road ( Chinese : 馬己仙峽道 ) is a winding road on the affluent and ultra - expensive Mid - levels and the Peak on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong .
Torkampur ( Persian : تركمپور‎ , also Romanized as Torkampūr ; also known as Torkambūr ) is a village in Mehranrud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Temple Israel ( formally Temple Israel of the City of New York ) is a Reform congregation in Manhattan .
Citrus College is a community college located in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendora , California .
Podborcze ( pɔdˈbɔrt͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Witjira National Park is a protected area in South Australia about 987 kilometres ( 613 mi ) north of the Adelaide city centre .
Shuttlewood is a village situated about 2 miles north of Bolsover , in Bolsover District , Derbyshire , England .
The Little Gap Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Little Gap in Lower Towamensing Township , Carbon County , Pennsylvania .
Qajar - e Takht Rostam ( Persian : قجرتخت رستم‎ ; also known as Qajar , Deh - e Qajar , Qajar - e Khāleşeh , and Qājārīyeh ) is a village in Juqin Rural District , in the Central District of Shahriar County , Tehran Province , Iran .
El Pueblo Ribera Court is a complex of twelve duplexes at 230 - -248 Gravilla Street and 230 - -309 Playa del Sur in La Jolla , San Diego , California .
The Abbotsford Convent is located in Abbotsford , Victoria , an inner city suburb of Melbourne , Australia .
Waldstein Castle ( German : Burg Waldstein ) is a ruined castle on an eminence near Franzosenhof in the Waldstein valley near the village of Fischerbach in Ortenaukreis in the south German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Milo Adventist Academy is a private Adventist high school in the rural unincorporated community of Milo , Oregon , United States .
Reddam House is an independent , co - educational , non - denominational , day school , located in Woollahra ( Pre - School to Year 9 ) and Bondi ( Years 10 to 12 ) , both Eastern Suburbs of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Aghzavar ( Persian : اغزوار‎ , also Romanized as Aghzavār and Aghzevār ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Aghzavār , Kalāteh Aghzvār , and Kheyrābād ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lake Maratanza is the highest lake in New York 's Shawangunk Ridge at 2,245 feet ( 684 m ) above sea level .
Snohomish High School is a secondary school located in the Snohomish School District , in Snohomish , Washington , United States .
Clintmains is a village by the River Tweed , in the parish of Mertoun , to the east of Newtown St Boswells , in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , in the former county of Berwickshire .
Askul Darreh ( Persian : اسكول دره‎ , also Romanized as Āsḵūl Darreh ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Mooreland Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KMDF , FAA LID : MDF ) is a city owned , public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Mooreland , a city in Woodward County , Oklahoma , United States .
Lędzina ( lɛnˈd͡ʑina ) ( German : Linsen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The East 73rd Street Historic District is a block of that street on the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Lutomski Most ( luˈtɔmski ˈmɔst ) ( German : Luttomerbrück ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tari Mahalleh ( Persian : تاري محله‎‎ , also Romanized as Tārī Maḩalleh ; also known as Ţāherī Maḩalleh ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tuzandeh Jan - e Now ( Persian : توزنده جان نو‎ , also Romanized as Tūzandeh Jān - e Now ) is a village in Taghenkoh - e Shomali Rural District , Taghenkoh District , Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Farah Kosh - e Sofla ( Persian : فره كش سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Faraḩ Kosh - e Soflá and Faraḩ Kash - e Soflá ) is a village in Zagheh Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kandakli ( Persian : كندكلي‎ , also Romanized as Kandaklī and Kaandakali ; also known as Kandkali and Kendikli ) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Teddington is a town in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , south west London .
Xidawu Township ( Chinese : 西大吾乡 ) is a township - level division of Pingshan County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Matsari ( मत्सरी ) is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
The Buckner Cabin , near Stehekin , Washington in Lake Chelan National Recreation Area is one of a group of structures relating to the theme of early settlement in the Lake Chelan area .
Twycross is a small village and civil parish in Leicestershire , England , on the A444 road .
Naval Air Station Brunswick ( IATA : NHZ , ICAO : KNHZ , FAA LID : NHZ ) , also known as NAS Brunswick , was a military airport located 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) northeast of Brunswick , Maine with a number of Navy - operated maritime patrol aircraft .
Notre - Dame de la Daurade is a basilica in Toulouse , France .
Tatiara District Council is a local government area located in south eastern South Australia .
Meyghan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميغان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Heerlerheide , in Limburgish Heëlehei or Gen Hei , is a Dutch village located in the commune of Heerlen , in the province of Dutch Limburg .
The Tyler County Courthouse and Jail in Middlebourne , West Virginia was built in 1854 to replace an 1829 structure .
Siwe Bagno ( ˈɕivɛ ˈbaɡnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kulti ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Nowe Łozice ( ˈnɔvɛ wɔˈʑit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Louisville State Recreation Area ( Louisville SRA ) is a 192-acre ( 0.78 km2 ) recreation area located in Louisville , Nebraska along Nebraska Highway 50 on the south bank of the Platte River .
Samsing is a small hill village and tourist spot in the Malbazar subdivision of Jalpaiguri district of West Bengal situated at an elevation of 3000 ft in the foothills of Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling districts border .
Chapar Khaneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چاپارخانه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Stadio Renzo Barbera ( previously and still commonly known as Stadio La Favorita ) is a football stadium in Palermo , Italy .
Żytkiejmy ( ʐɨtˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ) ( German : Szittkehmen until 1936 , 1936 - 38 Schittkehmen , 1938 - 46 Wehrkirchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Vannarpannai ( Tamil : வண்ணார்பண்ணை ) is a notable suburb within the Jaffna town municipality in the northern Jaffna District in Sri Lanka .
Chah - e Motor Teymoori ( Persian : چاه موتور تیموری ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Parish Church of St Clement is the parish church of the parish of Saint Clement in Jersey .
Mont Chateau State Park was formerly a state park located beside Cheat Lake in Monongalia County , West Virginia , USA .
Dansar Kaldan ( Persian : دنسركالدان‎ , also Romanized as Dansar Kāldān ) is a village in Talang Rural District , Talang District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Shams - e Hajjian ( Persian : شمس حاجيان‎ , also Romanized as Shams - e Ḩājjīān ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Samuel N. Brown House is a historic residence in southern Dayton , Ohio , United States .
Hamidan ( Persian : حميدان‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamīdān ; also known as Dehlā’īyeh and Deh Lāleh ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Queens Center is an urban shopping mall in the Elmhurst neighborhood of Queens , New York City , United States .
Shobeyshi - ye Bozorg ( Persian : شبيشي بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Shobeyshī - ye Bozorg ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Casa Bloc is a residential building built between 1932 and 1936 found in the Sant Andreu district of the city of Barcelona ( Catalonia , Spain ) .
The Victor Cullen Center , Old Administration Building is a historic building located at Sabillasville , Frederick County , Maryland , United States .
The Edgar Wood Centre is a former Church of Christ , Scientist building in Fallowfield , Manchester , England .
The Portuguese Bend region is the largest area of natural vegetation remaining on the Palos Verdes Peninsula , in Los Angeles County , California .
Viiratsi ( before 1920 : Wieratz ) is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Viljandi Parish , Viljandi County , Estonia .
The Grice - Fearing House is the oldest house ( ca . 1798 ) in Elizabeth City , North Carolina , located at 200 South Road Street .
Maple Terrace Court and Walton Apartments is a group of historic dwellings located at Charleston , West Virginia .
810 Seventh Avenue is a skyscraper located a few blocks north of Times Square on Seventh Avenue between 52nd and 53rd streets within Midtown Manhattan in New York City , United States .
Camp Randall is a historic U.S. Army site in Madison , Wisconsin , named after Wisconsin Governor Alexander Randall .
WYBB ( 98.1 FM , `` 98 Rock '' ) is an active rock music formatted radio station in Charleston , South Carolina .
Kordbastan ( Persian : كردبستان‎ , also Romanized as Kordbastān and Kord - e Bostān ; also known as Gard Bestān , Gord Bastān , and Gord - e Bostān ) is a village in Dashtab Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gazargan ( Persian : گازرگان‎ , also Romanized as Gāzargān ; also known as Gāzargāh ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Alaguz ( Persian : الاگوز‎ , also Romanized as Ālāgūz ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Portico Library , The Portico or Portico Library and Gallery on Mosley Street , Manchester , is an independent subscription library designed in the Greek Revival style by Thomas Harrison of Chester and built between 1802 and 1806 .
Cégep Limoilou is a French - language CEGEP in the province of Quebec , situated in Limoilou , a borough of Quebec City .
Spessartskopf is an Odenwald mountain in Hesse , Germany .
Sulphur Springs Municipal Airport ( IATA : SLR , ICAO : KSLR , FAA LID : SLR ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northwest of the central business district of Sulphur Springs , a city in Hopkins County , Texas , United States .
Adilcevaz ( also known as Elcevaz ) is a town and district capital of the same - named district within Bitlis Province of Turkey .
The Harnden Tavern , also known as the Col . Joshua Harnden Tavern , is a historic tavern that was built in 1770 at 430 Salem Street in Wilmington , Massachusetts .
The Cleveland Cinematheque is an alternative film theatre located in Cleveland , Ohio .
Christchurch Mansion is a substantial Tudor brick mansion house within Christchurch Park on the edge of the town centre of Ipswich , Suffolk , England .
Chah - e Nebat ( Persian : چاه نبات‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Nebāt ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Łęgoń ( ˈwɛnɡɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa , within Wschowa County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Bretterspitze is a 2,608-metre - high summit in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Chalgrove is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire about 10 miles ( 16 km ) southeast of Oxford .
Sosnowa - Dębowa ( sɔsˈnɔva dɛmˈbɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów - Osada , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chah - e Kamal , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه کمال‎ ) is a village in Shuru Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Cambridge Highlands also known as `` Area 12 '' , is a neighborhood of Cambridge , Massachusetts bounded by the railroad tracks on the north and east , the Belmont town line on the west , and Fresh Pond on the south .
Hareh Pak ( Persian : هره پاك‎ , also Romanized as Hareh Pāk ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Freerslev Church ( Danish : Freerslev Kirke ) is located in the Danish Diocese of Roskilde , Faxe Municipality in Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand .
Bab Hesar ( Persian : باب حصار‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Ḩeşār ) is a village in Balvard Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
George Allen Field is a 1,000 seat soccer stadium on the campus of California State University , Long Beach in Long Beach , California .
Designated a Seattle , Washington Landmark , the Norvell House was built in 1908 and is a late example of the Swiss chalet style of Architecture .
Lagoon - A - Beach is a water park that is situated inside the Lagoon Amusement Park located in Farmington , Utah .
Darreh - ye Harcheh ( Persian : دره هرچه‎ ) is a village in Bibi Hakimeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The island Frauenchiemsee ( often called Fraueninsel ) is the second largest of the three islands in Chiemsee , Germany .
Lynden Pindling International Airport ( IATA : NAS , ICAO : MYNN ) , formerly known as Nassau International Airport , is the largest airport in the Bahamas and the largest international gateway into the country .
Darb - e Raz ( Persian : درب رز‎ , also Romanized as Darb Raz ; also known as Darb - e Zar , Dar - e Borz , and Dar - e Raz ) is a village in Kezab Rural District , Khezrabad District , Saduq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Point of Pines Sites is a set of archaeological sites in the U.S. state of Arizona that are significant for associations with Ancestral Pueblo , Mogollon and Hohokam cultures .
Yeman Jeluq ( Persian : يمان جلوق‎ , also Romanized as Yemān Jelūq and Yemān Jeleq ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Kaaterskill Clove is a deep gorge , or valley , in New York 's eastern Catskill Mountains , lying just west of the village of Palenville and in Haines Falls .
Karandaq ( Persian : كرندق‎ ; also known as Karanda , Karandāgh , Karandaraq , and Qaranda ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Shahrak - e Jahadabad ( Persian : شهرك جهاداباد‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Jahādābād ; also known as Jahādābād ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Fort Rice ( Lakota : Psíŋ Otȟúŋwahe ; `` Wild Rice Village '' ) was a frontier military fort in the 19th century named for American Civil War General James Clay Rice in what was then Dakota Territory and what is now North Dakota .
The Black Hawk Purchase , which can sometimes be called the Forty - Mile Strip or Scott 's Purchase , extended along the West side of the Mississippi River from the north boundary of Missouri North to the Upper Iowa River .
The Little Gooseberry River is a 4.8-mile - long ( 7.7 km ) river in Lake County , Minnesota , United States .
The Secrets of Radar Museum is a small museum located near Parkwood Hospital in London , Ontario , Canada .
Cle Elum Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Cle Elum River , in Washington state USA .
Takht - e Sar Ab ( Persian : تخت سراب‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Sar Āb ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nowe Płoniawy ( ˈnɔvɛ pwɔˈɲavɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy - Bramura , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
W. L. Zorn Arena , more commonly known as Zorn Arena , is an arena located on the campus of UW - Eau Claire in Eau Claire , WI .
Truro Aerodrome ( ICAO : EGHY ) is an unlicensed aerodrome located 3 NM ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) west northwest of Truro , Cornwall , England , UK .
Smólsko Małe ( ˈsmulskɔ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Łoniów - Kolonia ( ˈwɔɲuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kalkan - e Aftabru ( Persian : كلكان افتابرو‎ , also Romanized as Kalkān - e Āftābrū and Kalkān - e Āftāb Row ) is a village in Horr Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Herkimer High School is a junior / senior high school in the village of Herkimer , New York , United States .
Kirkby Stephen is a civil parish and small market town in Cumbria , in North West England which historically , is part of Westmorland .
Oak Cliff is a borough of Dallas , Texas , United States that was formerly a separate town located in Dallas County ;
Wierzchówko ( vjɛʂˈxufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Slade Hotel , built in 1891 in Adrian , Minnesota , United States , is an example of Late Victorian architecture .
Kochlice ( kɔˈxlit͡sɛ ) ( German : Kuchelberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Doane College Historic Buildings are located on the Doane College campus at 1014 Boswell Avenue in Crete , Nebraska , United States .
Culebra Pueblo ( or Pueblo of Culebra ) , ( Culebra Town in English ) , also known as the Town of Dewey , is a town in the island of Culebra , an island - municipality of the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico .
The Taylor - Grady House , also known as the Henry W. Grady House , is a historic house museum and National Historic Landmark at 634 Prince Avenue in Athens , Georgia .
Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport ( ICAO : KVVS , FAA LID : VVS , formerly 2G3 ) is a public - use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) southwest of Connellsville in Dunbar Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Lutz Children 's Museum is a non - profit children 's museum located in Manchester , Connecticut , USA .
The Estádio D. Afonso Henriques ( English : D. Afonso Henriques Stadium ) is a football stadium in the city of Guimarães , Portugal .
Mansuriyeh - ye Seh ( Persian : منصوريه سه‎ , also Romanized as Manşūrīyeh - ye Seh ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mabvuku is a high density suburb some 17 km east of Harare , the capital city of Zimbabwe .
Neshar ( Persian : نشر‎ , also Romanized as Nashar ; also known as Nishār and Noh Shahreh ) is a village in Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Cumbum Valley , also called Kambam Valley , is a valley in the Theni district of Tamil Nadu state in India near the Kerala state border . This is the most fertile valley in south India , The valley includes lands between Thekkadi Hills , Varusanadu Hills , and Kodaikanal Hills .
Lubiatów - Zakrzew ( luˈbjatuf ˈzakʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kings Community School is an alternative high school located in Hanford , California .
Oleszka ( ɔˈlɛʂka ) ( German : Oleschka , 1936 - -45 Nieder Erlen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zdzieszowice , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Broad Exchange Building is located at 25 Broad Street , Manhattan , New York within the Financial District .
Fairy Lake is a lake in Gallatin County , Montana at the base of the Sacagawea Peak , a part of the Bridger mountains in south central Montana .
Wiechlice ( vjɛˈxlit͡sɛ ) ( German : Neumannswaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Olatapur is a village located in Bhadrak district of Orissa , India .
Vražogrnci ( Serbian : Вражогрнци ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac , Serbia .
Chupaca Province , located in Central Peru , is one of the nine provinces that compose the Junín Region , bordering to the north with the Concepción Province , to the east with the Huancayo Province , to the south with the Huancavelica Region and to the west with the Lima Region .
WSOM ( 600 AM ) is a radio station in Salem , Ohio , USA , serving the Youngstown , Ohio market broadcasting at 600 kHz with a Talk format .
Tooley Street falls within the London Borough of Southwark and was designated a Conservation Area in June 1988 ( Tooley Street South ) and February 1991 ( Tooley Street South ) .
The West Chop Club Historic District is a historic district in Tisbury , Massachusetts , on the island of Martha 's Vineyard .
The Yarnell Hill Fire was a wildfire near Yarnell , Arizona , ignited by lightning on June 28 , 2013 .
Allentown Central Catholic High School is a private , parochial school located at 301 North Fourth Street in Allentown , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Mambeethi is a place in Oorakam gram panchayat in Vengara mandalam of Tirurangadi taluka in the Malappuram district , state of Kerala , India .
Kaster is located in the municipality of Anzegem , located just south of this town along the N32 road .
The Whitworth Hall on Oxford Road and Burlington Street in Chorlton - on - Medlock , Manchester , England , is part of the University of Manchester .
The Klamath Mountains are a rugged and lightly populated series of mountain ranges in northwestern California and southwestern Oregon in the western United States .
Swansea ( /ˈswɒnzi/ SWON - zee ; Welsh : Abertawe ( abɛrˈtauɛ ) , `` mouth of the Tawe '' ) , officially known as the City and County of Swansea , is a coastal city and county in Wales .
St Lythans ( Welsh : Llwyneliddon ) is an affluent hamlet and former parish in the Vale of Glamorgan , southeast Wales , just outside western Cardiff .
Pizzo Campolungo is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , overlooking Prato and Dalpe in the Leventina valley of the canton of Ticino .
Hrušta ( Serbian Cyrillic : Хрушта ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Indian Burial Ground is a historic Native American cemetery on Narrow Lane in Charlestown , Rhode Island .
The Oak Bay Marina is located in South Oak Bay , adjacent to the city of Victoria , British Columbia , Canada built on Turkey Head Point , The Oak Bay Marina is operated by The Oak Bay Marine Group .
Jackson Lake Dam is a concrete and earth - fill dam at the outlet of Jackson Lake in northwestern Wyoming , USA .
Torqabeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان طرقبه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Lucken Farm near Portland , North Dakota is a bonanza farm that was developed by 1888 .
Tak - e Sifi ( Persian : تكسيفي‎ , also Romanized as Tak - e Sīfī ; also known as Kalāt - e Sīfī ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The AT&T Huron Road Building ( formally known as the Ohio Bell Building ) is an art deco skyscraper located at 750 Huron Road in downtown Cleveland , Ohio .
Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company Elevator A also known as the Ceresota Building and `` The Million Bushel Elevator '' was a receiving and public grain elevator built by the Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company in 1908 in Minneapolis , Minnesota in the United States .
Landford is a village and civil parish 10 miles ( 16 km ) southeast of Salisbury in Wiltshire , England .
Richard Henry Dana Branch , named after Richard Henry Dana , Jr and later known as the Cypress Park Branch , is a former branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Cypress Park , Los Angeles , California section of Los Angeles , California .
Tứ Lộc is a former district of Hải Hưng Province in South Vietnam .
Royal Melbourne Golf Club is a 36-hole golf club in Australia , located in Black Rock , Victoria , a suburb southeast of Melbourne .
Melini ( Greek : Μελίνη ) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus , 4 km west of Ora .
Nowa Zagość ( ˈnɔva ˈzaɡɔɕt͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów , within Pińczów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Great Blue Heron Casino is located on Scugog Island , just east of the community of Port Perry , Ontario , and northeast of Toronto .
The East Blackstone Friends Meetinghouse ( also known as `` Mendon Lower Meeting '' or `` Smithfield Monthly Meeting '' ) is an historic Quaker meetinghouse on 197 Elm Street in Blackstone , Massachusetts .
Shilin Yi Autonomous County ( Chinese : 石林彝族自治县 ; pinyin : Shílín yízú Zìzhìxiàn ) is an autonomous county , under the jurisdiction of Kunming , Yunnan , China .
Sarnico is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy , about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northeast of Milan and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) east of Bergamo at the southern end of Lake Iseo .
The National Aquarium in Washington , D.C. was an aquarium in Washington D.C. It was located in the Herbert C. Hoover Building that was moved to the building since its creation in 1932 .
West Elgin Secondary School is a secondary school , located at 139 Graham Street in West Lorne , Ontario .
The Rochelle Park - Rochelle Heights Historic District is a historic residential district located in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester , New York .
Shurbeyg ( Persian : شوربيگ‎ , also Romanized as Shūrbeyg ; also known as Jalālābād and Shūrbek ) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District , Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
United Airlines Flight 227 ( N7030U ) , a scheduled passenger flight from LaGuardia Airport New York City to San Francisco International Airport , California , crashed short of the runway while attempting a scheduled landing at Salt Lake City International Airport , Utah on November 11 , 1965 .
The Fifth Avenue Hotel was a luxury hotel located at 200 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan , New York City from 1859 to 1908 .
Lostock Gralam is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England , east of Northwich .
Valu Thimmapuram is a south Indian village in Peddapuram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh .
Nuq District ( Persian : بخش نوق‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hot Springs Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KHSR , FAA LID : HSR ) is a city - owned public - use airport located five nautical miles ( 9 km ) southeast of the central business district of Hot Springs , a city in Fall River County , South Dakota , United States .
The Regal Constellation Hotel was a large hotel with focus on trade shows , convention and hospitality training centre near Pearson International Airport near Toronto , Ontario .
Woodcroft College ( colloquially known simply as Woodcroft ) is an independent , private Anglican , co - educational , international , day school for students from Reception to Year 12 , located on Bains Road in the southern Adelaide suburb of Morphett Vale , South Australia .
Bloede 's Dam was a hydroelectric dam on the Patapsco River in Maryland .
Dixie Regional Medical Center ( DRMC ) is a 245-bed hospital located on two campuses in St. George , Utah , United States .
Lake Shafer is one of two reservoirs located in the Twin Lakes area of Monticello , Indiana .
Urbanov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈurbanof ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Maval is a tehsil in a subdivision of the same name , in the Pune district of Maharashtra , India .
Shidian County ( 施甸县 ; pinyin : Shīdiàn Xiàn ) is located in Baoshan , Yunnan , China .
Daniel Boone Native Gardens , located in Boone , North Carolina , hosts a collection of North Carolina native plants in an informal landscaped design .
WNG545 is a NOAA Weather Radio station that is licensed to Holderness , New Hampshire .
Gowd - e Talkhdan - e Zilayi ( Persian : گودتلخدان زيلائي‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Talkhdān - e Zīlāyī ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Arravonitsa ( Greek : Αρραβωνίτσα ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Erineos , Achaea , Greece .
Burg Gnandstein or Gnandstein Castle is located in Gnandstein , part of the city of Kohren - Sahlis in the Leipziger Land district of Saxony , Germany .
Sophienholm is a former country house and exhibition venue located north on the shore of Lake Bagsværd in Lyngby - Taarbæk Municipality in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Zonouz or Zonuz ( Persian : زنوز‎‎ ; Azerbaijani : zuzuz ; also Romanized as Zunus ) is a city in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Berkeley I-80 bridge also known as the University Avenue Pedestrian Bridge and the Berkeley Marina Overpass is a 15-foot ( 4.6 m)-wide bridge spanning the Eastshore Freeway ( Interstate 80/580 ) in Berkeley , California .
Karkaraq ( Persian : كركرق‎ ) is a village in Kalkharan Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
V. R. Kota ( Veera Raghavuni Kota ) is one of the major villages in Prakasam District on the East Coast of India in the state of Andhra Pradesh , in a river valley .
Frodesley is a tiny village and civil parish in the English county of Shropshire , and is situated partly within the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .
Ureban ( Persian : اوربان‎ , also Romanized as Ūrebān ) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The McElroy Octagon House , also known as the Colonial Dames Octagon House , is a historic octagonal house now located at 2645 Gough Street at Union Street in the Cow Hollow neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Mareshk ( Persian : مارشك‎ , also Romanized as Māreshk ; also known as Marshak and Marūshk ) is a village in Kardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Seattle Civic Center is a building complex in Seattle , Washington .
Estakhr - e Garuk ( Persian : استخرگروك‎ , also Romanized as Estakhr - e Garūk ; also known as Estakhr - e Gorank , Estakhr - e Karnak , Estakhr - e Karūk , and Estakhr Korūk ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rock Hill College was a boys ' boarding school located in Ellicott City , Maryland .
The Macau University of Science and Technology Football Field ( Chinese : 澳門科技大學運動場 ) is a football stadium in Taipa , Macau , China .
The Palais des Festivals et des Congrès is a convention center in Cannes , France , the venue for the Cannes Film Festival .
Four Embarcadero Center is a class - A office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco , California .
High Tech High International , often referred to as HTHI , is a public charter high school in San Diego , California with 391 students and 22 teachers .
Kark - e Sofla ( Persian : كرك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kark - e Soflá ; also known as Kark ) is a village in Giyan Rural District , Giyan District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The John Tillinghast House is an historic colonial house at 142 Mill Street ( facing Touro Park ) in Newport , Rhode Island .
Algona College an American institution of higher education operated in the city of Algona , in Kossuth County , Iowa , between 1869 and 1875 .
Sułkowo - Kolonia ( suu̯ˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Stanton Lacy is a small village and geographically large civil parish located in south Shropshire , England , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) north of Ludlow .
The Hanora Mills ( also known as the Hanora Lippitt Mills Apartments ) are a historic textile mill complex at the junction of Bernon and Main Streets in the center of Woonsocket , Rhode Island .
Hirab ( Persian : هيراب‎ , also Romanized as Hīrāb ; also known as Hīru ) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kakrala Bhaika is a small village located in the Patiala district of Punjab State in India .
The Province of Ragusa ( Italian : Provincia di Ragusa ; Sicilian : Pruvincia ' i Rausa ) is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy , located in the south - east of the island .
Chaulden is a residential district in Hemel Hempstead , Hertfordshire , England located west of the town centre and bordering on open countryside .
Stampede Dam ( National ID # CA10192 ) is a dam in Sierra County , California , impounding the Little Truckee River .
Cessange ( Luxembourgish : Zéisseng , German : Zessingen ) is a quarter in south - western Luxembourg City , in southern Luxembourg .
Austis ( Latin : Augustae , Sardinian : Aùstis ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) southwest of Nuoro .
The Emily Kimbrough Historic District is a historical neighborhood in downtown Muncie , Indiana .
Loch Dhu is a house in northwestern Berkeley County , South Carolina about 7 mi ( 11 km ) east of Eutawville , South Carolina .
Fundy High School ( FHS ) is a high school that services eastern Charlotte County in southern New Brunswick , Canada .
Radøy is an island municipality in the Nordhordland district in Hordaland county , Norway .
James Connally Air Force Base was an United States Air Force base located north of Waco , Texas .
La Grange Country Club is a private golf club in La Grange , Illinois , a suburb southwest of Chicago .
All Saints Catholic Senior College , is a co - educational , Catholic systemic secondary school located at Casula , New South Wales , Australia .
Żurawce ( ʐuˈraft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Kahanguiyeh ( Persian : كهنگوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Kahangū’īyeh ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tunis Governorate ( Tunisian Arabic : ولاية تونس‎ Wilāyat Tūnis pronounced ( ˈtuːnɪs ) ) is the smallest and most populated of the twenty - four governorates ( provinces ) of Tunisia .
Iwie ( ˈivjɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Buchmany ( Ukrainian : Бучмани ) is an urban - type settlement in Olevsk Raion , Zhytomyr Oblast , Ukraine .
Seton Hall Preparatory School , generally called Seton Hall Prep or `` The Prep '' , is a Roman Catholic all boys ' high school located in the suburban community of West Orange in Essex County , New Jersey , operating under the supervision of the Archdiocese of Newark .
Chichester Railroad Station was the Ulster and Delaware Railroad 's small station that served the village of Chichester , New York , branch MP 1.6 .
The Louvre Pyramid ( Pyramide du Louvre ) is a large glass and metal pyramid designed by Chinese American architect I.M. Pei , surrounded by three smaller pyramids , in the main courtyard ( Cour Napoléon ) of the Louvre Palace ( Palais du Louvre ) in Paris .
Essex County Fairgrounds is a historic county fair located at Westport in Essex County , New York .
The Colrain Center Historic District encompasses the historic center of Colrain , Massachusetts , a rural hill town in northwestern Franklin County .
Tamacine ( Arabic : ﺑﻠﻴﺪة ﻋﺎﻣﺮ‎ ) ( sometimes written Témacine ) is a town and commune , and capital of Témacine District , in Ouargla Province , Algeria .
Maylands Airport ( also known as Maylands Aerodrome , Maylands Airfield ) on the Maylands peninsula , in Maylands , Western Australia was the main landing place of a significant number of record breaking flights in the early stages of flight in Australia .
Borowiczki - Pieńki ( bɔrɔˈvit͡ʂki ˈpjɛɲki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Börnicke is a component locality of the town of Nauen in the Landkreis Havelland district of Brandenburg , Germany .
Stoodleigh is a village and civil parish in the Mid Devon district of Devon , England , located 6 miles ( 10 km ) north of Tiverton and 5 miles ( 8 km ) south of Bampton .
Niekładź ( ˈɲekwat͡ɕ ) ( formerly German Neklatz ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northwestern Poland .
Bavik - e Vosta ( Persian : بويك وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Bavīk - e Vosţá ; also known as Bavīk and Bawīk ) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Irma Hotel is a landmark in Cody , Wyoming .
Andlau is a French commune in the Bas - Rhin department in the Alsace region of northeastern France .
Sardrud District ( Persian : بخش سردرود‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Abeh Mohammadjan ( Persian : ابه محمدجان‎ , also Romanized as Ābeh Moḥammadjān ) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District , in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Fort d'Ivry was built in the Paris suburb of Ivry - sur - Seine between 1841 and 1845 as one of the forts in a ring of strong points surrounding Paris .
Sohrevard Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سهرورد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Blackwattle Bay is a bay located to the south -- east of Glebe Island and east of Rozelle Bay on Sydney Harbour , in New South Wales , Australia .
Golarcheh - ye Sofla ( Persian : گلرچه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Golārcheh - ye Soflá ; also known as Golārcheh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stuyvesant Polyclinic Hospital is a defunct hospital which was located at 137 Second Avenue in Manhattan , New York City from 1884 to 2007 , under a number of different names .
Edgewater High School is a public secondary school located in the College Park section of Orlando , Florida .
Watkowice Małe ( vatkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Watkowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dumanlı ( Greek : Σάντα , Santa ) was formerly a mid - size town in Gümüşhane Province of Turkey , close to its border with Trabzon Province ; today it is only a village in Gümüşhane district .
The South Cuyama Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the Cuyama Valley and the adjacent northern foothills of the Sierra Madre Mountains in northeastern Santa Barbara County , California .
Leixlip ( /ˈliːkslɪp/ or /ˈliːslɪp/ ; Irish : Léim an Bhradáin ) is a town in north - east County Kildare , Ireland .
American River College ( ARC ) is a California community college located in the unincorporated area of Sacramento , California in northern Sacramento County , California .
Oolenoy Baptist Church Cemetery is a historic Baptist church cemetery located near Pickens , Pickens County , South Carolina .
Bareh Kheyreh ( Persian : بره خيره‎ , also Romanized as Bara Khaireh , Bareh - ye Kheyreh , Bare - Xeyre , Berah Kheyreh ; also known as Bard - e Kheyreh ) is a village in Boluran Rural District , Darb - e Gonbad District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pacific Epping is a shopping centre in Epping , Victoria , a suburb of Melbourne , Australia .
The Stephen Storm House is located on the NY 217 state highway just east of Claverack , New York , United States .
The Centro Poliesportivo Pinheiro , also known as the Pinheirão is a football stadium inaugurated on June 15 , 1985 in Curitiba , Paraná , Brazil , with a maximum capacity of 35,000 people .
Glanton is a small rural village , in the county of Northumberland , England .
Las Zawadzki ( ˈlas zaˈvat͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
KUMX ( 106.7 FM ) is the West Central Louisiana only Adult Contemporary radio station .
Kamul ( Persian : كمول‎ , also Romanized as Kamūl ; also known as Kamūl - e Karam Khānī and Karam Khānī ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District , in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Wind River Arboretum , part of the Wind River Experimental Forest , is a research arboretum located in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest , Carson , Washington .
Park Point at RIT ( originally referred to as `` Collegetown '' or `` College Park '' ) is a commercial enterprise on the northeast corner of Rochester Institute of Technology 's campus in Rochester , New York .
KSDE - LP ( 104.9 FM ) is a radio station licensed to De Soto , Iowa , USA , the station serves to the west of the Des Moines area .
The Bertram Bridge , also known as the Ely Street Bridge , was a historic structure located near the town of Bertram in rural Linn County , Iowa , United States .
Fjære municipality was located to the north of the town of Grimstad , and the name is still used to refer to that area , which is now a part of Grimstad .
Pąkowo ( pɔnˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Pakows Hof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Kauklahti ( Finnish ) or Köklax ( Swedish , alternative spelling Köklaks , old Finnish Kaukalaksi ) is a district of Espoo , in the Greater Helsinki area of Finland .
Boyd & Parker Park and Groveland Ambuscade is a historic park area , located near Groveland in Livingston County , New York .
The Luther Burbank Rose Parade and Festival is an annual festival held in Santa Rosa , California celebrating Luther Burbank and his contribution to the world through a series of events .
Tippapura also spelled as Thippapura ( Kannada : ತಿಪ್ಪಾಪುರ ) is a village in the Mundargi taluk of Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Wylany ( vɨˈlanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hang Seng Bank Tower is the headquarters of Hang Seng Bank in Shanghai .
Minim Island Shell Midden ( 38GE46 ) is a historic midden and archaeological site located near Georgetown , Georgetown County , South Carolina .
Esik ( Kazakh : Есік , also spelled Issyk , Yesik and Yesyk ) is a town in Almaty Region of Kazakhstan , the administrative center of Enbekshikazakh District .
Siah Kol ( Persian : سياه كل‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Kol ; also known as Sīāh Gol ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Spring Creek Prairie Audubon Center is an 808-acre ( 327 ha ) tallgrass prairie nature preserve located southwest of Lincoln , Nebraska near Denton .
Cleehill is a village in south Shropshire , England .
The Monticello Grange No . 338 is a historic civic building on United States Route 1 in the heart of Monticello , Maine .
Wilkiejmy ( vilˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ) ( German : Walkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dal Khushdan ( Persian : دال خوش دان‎ , also Romanized as Dāl Khūshdān ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Ballaghaderreen ( Irish : Bealach an Doirín ) is a town in County Roscommon , located on the N5 National primary road .
Tahaneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : طهنه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ţahaneh - ye Soflá and Ţahneh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Zwrócona ( zvruˈt͡sɔna ) ( German : Protzan ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Albuquerque Plaza , also known as the Bank of Albuquerque Tower , is a 107 m ( 351 ft ) high - rise on the south side of Civic Plaza 201 Third Street NW , in Downtown Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The Evon Zartman Vogt Ranch House is a historic house in the U.S. state of New Mexico .
The Salem Maritime National Historic Site is a National Historic Site consisting of 12 historic structures , one replica tall - ship , and about 9 acres ( 36,000 m2 ) of land along the waterfront of Salem Harbor in Salem , Massachusetts .
Freester is a settlement on Mainland , Shetland , Scotland .
Loockerman Hall is an historic home located on the campus of Delaware State University at Dover , Kent County , Delaware .
The Pearsons Hall of Science is located on the campus of Beloit College in Beloit , Wisconsin .
The Asa and Sylvester Abbot House is a historic rural two - family house at 15 - 17 Porter Road in Andover , Massachusetts .
The Sylvania Mountains are located in Inyo County , California and Esmeralda County , Nevada in the United States .
Nyankpala is a village in the Tolon - Kumbungu District , about 20 km south - west of Tamale , the capital of the Northern Region in north Ghana .
The Teck Railway ( German : Teckbahn ) is a branch line in the German state of Baden - Württemberg , connecting Wendlingen am Neckar with Kirchheim unter Teck and Oberlenningen .
Kneeland Airport ( IATA : NLN , FAA LID : O19 ) is a public airport operated by Humboldt County 10 miles ( 16 km ) southeast of Eureka , California .
Mărgău ( German : Meregau ; Hungarian : Meregyó ) is a commune in Cluj County , Romania .
Pir Mozd ( Persian : پيرمزد‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Mozd ) is a village in Razavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kash Kuk ( Persian : كش كوك‎ , also Romanized as Kash Kūḵ ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Notre - Dame - d'Auteuil is a church on the Auteuil hill in the 16e arrondissement de Paris .
Handley Wildlife Management Area is located on 784 acres ( 317 ha ) northwest of Marlinton in Pocahontas County , West Virginia .
Koyonkara is a small village situated in Trikarpur Panchayath of Kasaragod district , Kerala , India .
Pabor Lake is north of the city of Avon Park , Florida .
Halleypike Lough is an inland lake on Haughton common at the southern edge of Northumberland National Park , northeast of Bardon Mill , and 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) north of the B6318 Military Road road in Northumberland , northern England .
Tongland is a small village about 2 miles north of Kirkcudbright , in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Bolqan ( Persian : بلقان‎ , also Romanized as Bolqān ; also known as Bolgān ) is a village in Varqeh Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hoseyn Khanlu ( Persian : حسين خانلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Khānlū ) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Picassent ( Valencian pronunciation : ( pikaˈsent ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Sud in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Głuchów - Lasy ( ˈɡwuxuf ˈlasɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Beaumaris ( /bjuːˈmærɨs/ ; Welsh : Biwmares ( bɪuˈmɑːrɛs ) ) is a former royal borough , a community , and the former county town of Anglesey , Wales .
The Haverstraw King 's Daughters Public Library 's original home , also known as the Fowler Library Building , is located at Main and Allison streets in the village of Haverstraw , New York , United States .
Tablan ( Persian : تبلان‎ , also Romanized as Tablān ; also known as Tablū , Tahbalu , and Tablow ) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Meifod , formerly also written Meivod ( Welsh pronunciation ) , is a small village and electoral ward 7 miles north - west of Welshpool in Powys , mid Wales , on the A495 road and located in the valley of the River Vyrnwy .
Fuladi - ye Sofla ( Persian : فولادي سفلي‎ , Sorani Kurdish : پۆڵایی خوارو , also Romanized as Fūlādī - ye Soflá ; also known as Fūlādī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Ernst Streeruwitz ( until 1919 Ernst Ritter Streer von Streeruwitz ; 23 September 1874 - 19 October 1952 , Vienna ) was an Austrian officer , businessman , and politician of the Christian Social Party .
William Henry Drew ( 1854 - 1933 ) was a British textile worker , early trade unionist and one of the founders of the Independent Labour Party .
Rodrigo Medina de la Cruz ( born September 9 , 1972 Monterrey , Nuevo Leon ) is Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Ahmad Tibi ( Arabic : أحمد الطيبي‎ , Hebrew : אחמד טיבי‎ , Arabic pronunciation : ( ˈ(ʔ)æħmæd ( atˤ)ˈtˤiːbi ) , sometimes spelled Ahmed Tibi ; born 19 December 1958 ) is an Arab - Muslim Israeli politician and leader of the Arab Movement for Change ( Ta'al ) , an Arab party in Israel .
Mangal Sein ( 1927- 1990 ) was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Haryana and the deputy chief minister of Haryana from 1977 to 1979 .
Ghiță Moscu ( born Gelbert or Gelber Moscovici , also known as Alexandru Bădulescu , Russian : Александр Саимович Бадулеску ; 1889 -- November 4 , 1937 ) was a Romanian socialist and communist activist , one of the early leaders of the Romanian Communist Party and its permanent delegate to the Third International .
Josep Lluís Albiñana Olmos ( born 1943 , in Valencia , Spain ) is a Spanish judge and former politician in the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) .
In 1949 , Ma Buqing evacuated with his family to Taiwan along with the Kuomintang Republic of China government becoming advisor to the Ministry of Defense .
Saroj Pandey ( Hindi : सरोज पांडे ) is a politician and a member of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Torbjørn Røe Isaksen ( born 28 July 1978 ) is a Norwegian politician , MP for the Conservative Party and Minister of Education and Research since 16 October 2013 .
Peter Jahr was a member of the Democratic Farmers ' Party of Germany from 1988 to 1990 and joined the Christian Democratic Union in 1990 .
Władysław Sidorowicz ( 17 September 1945 -- 24 July 2014 ) was a Polish senator , representing Civic Platform .
Sir Frederick Seager Hunt , 1st Baronet ( 27 April 1838 -- 21 January 1904 ) was a British Conservative Party politician , and a prominent distiller .
Gerrit Bolkestein ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɣɛrɪd ˈbɔlkəstɛin ) ; 9 October 1871 in Amsterdam -- 8 September 1956 in The Hague ) was a Dutch politician and member of the Free - thinking Democratic League .
James P. Vreeland ( February 4 , 1910 -- July 2 , 2001 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served four terms in the New Jersey Senate after a term in the New Jersey General Assembly .
Om Birla ( born December 4 , 1962 ) is an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party and Member of Parliament in the 16th Lok Sabha from the Kota - Bundi constituency of Rajasthan state .
Jide Omokore is a philanthropist and chieftain of People 's Democratic Party ( Nigeria ) , PDP .
Gideon Sa'ar ( Hebrew : גִּדְעוֹן סַעַר ; born 9 December 1966 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the political party Likud between 2003 and 2014 .
Spyros Danellis ( Greek : Σπύρος Δανέλλης ; born 28 January 1955 ) is a Greek politician and a Panhellenic Socialist Movement Member of European Parliament since October 2009 .
Elena Kountoura ( Greek : Έλενα Κουντουρά , also Anglicised and Gallicised Elena Koundoura , b. 1962 ) is a Greek politician , currently Alternate Minister of Tourism in the Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras , and Member of Parliament for Athens A , for the Independent Greeks , and earlier for New Democracy .
Gerry Breen is an Irish former Fine Gael politician and Lord Mayor of Dublin .
Ludvig Larsen Kragtorp ( 14 November 1862 - ? ? ) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Liberal Party .
Elmer H. Wene ( May 1 , 1892 -- January 25 , 1957 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey 's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1937 to 1939 and again from 1941 to 1945 .
Francisco Fernández Marugán ( Cáceres , Spain , 6 October 1946 ) is a Spanish economist and politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) and a long serving member of the Spanish Congress .
Naomi Rivera was a United States politician of the Democratic Party who represented District 80 in the New York State Assembly from 2004 to 2012 .
Bernard Alexander Montgomery Grant ( 17 February 1944 -- 8 April 2000 ) , known simply as Bernie Grant , was a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Tottenham from 1987 to his death in 2000 .
Louisa Hanoune ( Arabic : لويزة حنون‎ ) ( born 7 April 1954 ) is the head of Algeria 's Workers ' Party ( Parti des Travailleurs , PT ) .
Randy Corman ( born c. 1960 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served a single term in the New Jersey Senate , from 1992 to 1994 , where he represented the 19th Legislative District , which covers portions of Middlesex County .
Robert Woonton ( born 1949 ) was the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands from 11 February 2002 until 11 December 2004 , and is a member of the centrist Democratic Party .
Krishna Pratap is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections , 2014 from the Jaunpur ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
José María Michavila Núñez ( Madrid , Spain , 28 March 1960 ) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the governing People 's Party ( PP ) .
On 28 September 1986 , for the first time , Gérard Larcher was elected Senator of Yvelines for the Rally for the Republic ( RPR ) .
Sir Cyril Atkinson ( 9 May 1874 -- 29 January 1967 ) was an English barrister and Conservative Party politician .
Emine Ülker Tarhan ( born 29 November 1963 ) is a Turkish jurist and politician formerly from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) .
Nihar Mukherjee was an Indian politician who served as General Secretary of the Socialist Unity Centre of India ( Communist ) ( SUCI ( C ) ) .
Luis Antonio Hierro López is a prominent member of the Uruguayan Colorado Party , and is from a distinguished political family .
Jesse Travis is a Canadian politician , who was the interim leader of the New Brunswick New Democratic Party from November 2010 to March 2011 .
María Serrano Serrano ( born 5 April 1957 in San Javier , Sinaloa ) is a Mexican politician and member of the Partido Acción Nacional ( `` National Action Party '' , PAN ) .
André Kagwa Rwisereka ( 31 December 1949 -- 13 July 2010 ) was vice - chairman of the Democratic Green Party of Rwanda , a political party founded in August 2009 in Rwanda .
Veena Anand is an Indian politician and a former member of the Aam Aadmi Party .
Marjolain Dufour ( born November 28 , 1958 in Baie - Comeau , Quebec ) is a former politician in Canada , who was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec , representing the electoral district of René - Lévesque in the Côte - Nord region , from 2003 to 2015 .
Frederick Seymour Cocks ( 25 October 1882 -- 29 May 1953 ) was a British Labour Party Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Stefania Prestigiacomo ( born December 16 , 1966 in Siracusa ) is an Italian politician , member of the centre - right political party The People of Freedom and Member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy since 1994 .
Womesh Chunder Bonnerjee ( or Umesh Chandra Banerjee by current English orthography of Bengali names ) ( 29 December 1844 -- 21 July 1906 ) was an Indian barrister and was the first president of Indian National Congress .
Kristen Dexter ( July 20 , 1961 ) is a Democratic Party politician and former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , who represented the 68th Assembly District from 2009 to 2011 .
Ravi S. Naik ( born 1947 ) is a former chief minister and Indian National Congress politician in Goa , India .
Guy André ( born November 17 , 1959 in Montreal , Quebec ) was a Bloc Québécois member of the Canadian House of Commons from the riding of Berthier--
Senator George Thompson Sekibo CON is a Nigerian senator who represents the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) in Rivers State .
Michael Falcon ( born 21 July 1888 at Norwich , Norfolk ; died 27 February 1976 at Norwich ) was a British Conservative Party politician and an amateur cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1908 to 1936 .
Masrour Barzani ( Kurdish : مه‌سروور بارزانی، Mesrúr Barzaní , Arabic : مسرور بارزاني ) ( born 1969 ) is a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party leadership , son of Kurdistan Region President Masoud Barzani , and is the Chancellor of the Kurdistan Region Security Council in Iraqi Kurdistan .
Berit Reiss - Andersen ( born 11 July 1954 in Drøbak ) is a Norwegian lawyer , author and former politician for the Norwegian Labour Party .
Gilberto Hinojosa is a former Cameron County , Texas , judge and is the current chair of the Texas Democratic Party .
A. Vijayaraghavan a politician from Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Kerala in the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament .
Porika Naik Balram known as Balram Naik ( born 6 June 1964 ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress political party .
John Jacob Dunnett ( born 24 June 1922 ) , known as Jack Dunnett , is a British Labour Party politician .
Yi - Ju Christopher Wang , commonly known as Chris Wang ( born May 15 , 1977 , Chinese : 王翊儒 ; pinyin : Wáng Yìrú ) is an African National Congress member of the National Assembly of South Africa .
Frank Soskice , Baron Stow Hill , PC ( 23 July 1902 -- 1 January 1979 ) was a British lawyer and Labour Party politician .
Marinko Čavara ( 2 February 1967 ) is a Bosnian Croat politician and prominent member of the Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
K. V. Subba Reddy is an Indian politician who was an Indian National Congress Member of the Legislative Assembly of Andhra Pradesh from Nellore constituency from 1978 to 1983 and 1985 to 1989 .
Matteo Orfini is an Italian politician , a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies and President of the Democratic Party .
The Europa Bridge or Bridge of Europe ( Europabrücke ) is a 777-metre ( 2,549 ft ) long bridge carrying the A13 Brenner Autobahn ( and European route E45 ) over the 657-metre ( 2,156 ft ) Wipp valley just south of Innsbruck , Tyrol , Austria .
The Wollaston landscape lens , named for William Hyde Wollaston , was a meniscus lens with a small aperture stop in front of the concave side of the lens , providing some improvement of aberrations .
Corse - du - Sud ( French pronunciation : ​(kɔʁs.dy.syd ) ; Corsican : Corsica suttana ) ( English : South Corsica ) is a department of France consisting of the southern part of the island of Corsica .
Kavala International Airport `` Alexander the Great '' ( Greek : Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Καβάλας `` Μέγας Αλέξανδρος '' , Kratikós Aeroliménas Kaválas `` Mégas Aléxandros '' ) ( IATA : KVA , ICAO : LGKV ) is an airport located in the municipality of Nestos , in Greece .
In mathematics , the Laguerre polynomials , named after Edmond Laguerre ( 1834 - 1886 ) , are solutions of Laguerre 's equation : xy '' + ( 1 - x)y ' + ny = 0 which is a second - order linear differential equation .
Grandfather Stories has been suggested as a travel guide to Upstate New York .
Montezuma 's Ferrari is the second novel in Burt `` BS '' Levy 's series about a 19-year - old New Jersey gas station mechanic growing up and coming of age while being sucked into the glamorous , dangerous world of open - road sports car racing during the 1950s .
Chasing Liberty was filmed on location in Prague , Venice , Berlin , London , and Washington , D.C.
Kabul Express is the first fictional film for director Kabir Khan who has made several documentaries over the years in Afghanistan .
Casino Raiders II is a 1991 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Johnnie To and starring Andy Lau , Dave Wong , Jacklyn Wu and Monica Chan .
Özcan Mutlu ( born on January 10 , 1968 ) in Kelkit , Gümüşhane Province , Turkey , is a Turkish - German Green Party politician .
Henri Guaino ( born 11 March 1957 ) is a French political speechwriter and politician .
Geneviève Dormann ( 24 September 1933 -- 13 February 2015 ) was a French journalist and novelist .
Mayer André Marcel Schwob , known as Marcel Schwob ( 23 August 1867 -- 26 February 1905 ) , was a Jewish French symbolist writer best known for his short stories and his literary influence on authors such as Jorge Luis Borges and Roberto Bolaño .
Camille Darsières ( born May 19 , 1932 in Fort - de - France , Martinique , and died December 14 , 2006 ) was a socialist politician from Martinique who served in the French National Assembly from 1993 - 1997 .
Jean de La Varende , born 24 May 1887 at château de Bonneville in Chamblac , Eure , died 8 June 1959 , was a French writer .
Georges Benoît ( 1883 - -1942 ) was a French cinematographer who worked on more than sixty films during his career .
Frigide Barjot ( pun on Brigitte Bardot ) born Virginie Merle , born September 25 , 1962 , in Boulogne - Billancourt , is a French humorist , columnist and political activist .
Yoo Hyeonjong is a South Korean novelist whose works of dramatic historical fiction are well known in his native country .
Antoine Fabre d'Olivet ( December 8 , 1767 , Ganges , Hérault -- March 25 , 1825 , Paris ) was a French author , poet and composer whose Biblical and philosophical hermeneutics influenced many occultists , such as Eliphas Lévi , Gerard Encausse and Édouard Schuré .
Jean - Baptiste - Antoine Suard ( 15 January 1732 -- 20 July 1817 ) was a French journalist , translator and man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment .
Catherine Bernard ( 1662 -- 16 September 1712 ) was a French poet , playwright , and novelist .
Pierre Jolivet ( born 9 October 1952 ) is a French director , actor , screenwriter and producer .
Roger Duchêne ( 3 February 1930 -- 25 April 2006 ) was a French biographer specializing in the letters of Madame de Sévigné .
Pierre Widmer ( 1912 - -1999 ) was a French Mennonite pastor , editor of the journal Christ Seul .
François Augiéras ( 1925 - 1971 ) was an American - born French painter and writer .
Jean - Henri Azéma , called Jean Azéma ( 28 December 1913 - 13 October 2000 ) was a French poet of Réunionnais origin .
Maurice Limat ( September 23 , 1914 - January 23 , 2002 ) was a French author of science fiction .
François Paul Étienne Azéma ( born January 15 , 1778 , and died August 28 , 1851 in Saint - Denis , Réunion , on the island of Réunion ) was a French poet , playwright , and writer of fables .
Manfred Weber ( born on 14 July 1972 in Niederhatzkofen ) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Bavaria with the Christian Social Union in Bavaria , part of the European People 's Party .
Dacia Maraini ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdaːtʃa maraˈiːni ) ; born November 13 , 1936 in Fiesole ) is an Italian writer .
Lewis Goldsmith ( c.1763 -- 6 January 1846 ) was an Anglo - French publicist of Portuguese - Jewish extraction .
Alexander Bodon ( Vienna , 6 September 1906 -- Amsterdam , 22 January 1993 ) was a Dutch architect .
Elisa Tovati born Elisa Touati is a French singer , actress and television personality .
Albert Auguste Gabriel Hanotaux , known as Gabriel Hanotaux ( 19 November 1853 -- 11 April 1944 ) was a French statesman and historian .
Manfred Kanther ( b. 26 May 1939 in Schweidnitz , Silesia ) is a German conservative politician and was Minister of the Interior of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1993 to 1998 .
Pierre Lagaillarde ( French pronunciation : ​(pjɛʁ laɡajaʁd ) ; Courbevoie , 15 May 1931 - -17 August 2014 ) was a French politician , and a founder of the Organisation armée secrète ( OAS ) .
Bartholomäus Kalb ( born 13 July 1949 ) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU ) .
Kyan Khojandi ( born 29 August 1982 ) is a French comedian , actor and screenwriter of Iranian origin .
Nicolas Rimsky ( Russian : Николай Алекса́ндрович Римский ; born Nikolai Alexandrovich Kurmashov ; February 18 , 1886 -- September 5 , 1941 ) was a Russian - born French film actor , director and writer .
Chantal Ladesou ( born 5 May 1948 ) is a French actress and comedian .
Patricia Catherine Greiner ( 2 April 1956 -- 9 August 1994 ) was a French actress known notably for her roles in pornographic films .
Louis Veuillot ( October 11 , 1813 -- March 7 , 1883 ) was a French journalist and author who helped to popularize ultramontanism ( a philosophy favoring Papal supremacy ) .
Jacobus Cornelis Johannes `` Jacques '' van der Heyden ( professional name JCJ Vanderheyden ) ( 23 June 1928 -- 27 February 2012 ) was a Dutch painter and photographer .
Paul Reynaud ( French : ( pɔl ʁɛjno ) ; 15 October 1878 -- 21 September 1966 ) was a French politician and lawyer prominent in the interwar period , noted for his stances on economic liberalism and militant opposition to Germany .
William - Adolphe Bouguereau ( French : ( buɡ(ə)ʁo ) ; November 30 , 1825 -- August 19 , 1905 ) was a French academic painter and traditionalist .
Jean - François Marmontel ( 11 July 1723 -- 31 December 1799 ) was a French historian and writer , a member of the Encyclopediste movement .
Giuseppe Saronni ( born 22 September 1957 ) , also known as Beppe Saronni , is an Italian former racing cyclist .
Jacques Auxiette ( born 3 December 1940 in Montlevicq , France ) is a French politician , and is the current Regional Council President for the Pays de la Loire region in France .
Juliet Berto ( 16 January 1947 -- 10 January 1990 ) was a French actress , director and screenwriter .
Patrick Chamoiseau is a French author from Martinique known for his work in the créolité movement .
Benoît Duteurtre ( French : ( dytœʁtʁ ) ) is a French novelist and essayist , born in 1960 .
Jean - Pierre Aumont ( 5 January 1911 -- 30 January 2001 ) was a French actor , and holder of the Legion d'Honneur and the Croix de Guerre for his World War II military service .
Araki Yasusada was a non - existent Japanese poet , generally thought ( though unverified ) to be the creation of American literature professor Kent Johnson .
Publius Ovidius Naso ( Classical Latin : ( ˈpʊb.li.ʊs ɔˈwɪ.di.ʊs ˈnaː.soː ) ; 20 March 43 BC -- AD 17/18 ) , known as Ovid ( /ˈɒvɪd/ ) in the English - speaking world , was a Roman poet who lived during the reign of Augustus .
Abusa'id Abolkhayr or Abū - Sa'īd Abul - Khayr ( Persian : ابوسعید ابوالخیر‎‎ ) ( December 7 , 967 - January 12 , 1049 ) , also known as Sheikh Abusaeid or Abu Sa'eed , was a famous Persian Sufi and poet who contributed extensively to the evolution of Sufi tradition .
Yi Kyoung - ja ( Hangul : 이경자 ) is a South Korean author whose work focuses on the position of women in Korean society .
Jean - Pierre Thiollet ( born December 9 , 1956 in Poitiers ) is a French writer and journalist .
Jean - Baptiste Nicolas Robert Schuman ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁɔbɛʁ ʃuman ) ; 29 June 1886 -- 4 September 1963 ) was a Luxembourg - born French statesman .
Charles de Brosses ( French : ( də bʁɔs ) ) , comte de Tournay , baron de Montfalcon , seigneur de Vezins et de Prevessin ( 7 February 1709 -- 7 May 1777 ) , was a French writer of the 18th century .
Étienne - Joseph - Théophile Thoré ( better known as Théophile Thoré - Bürger ) ( 23 June 1807 -- 30 April 1869 ) was a French journalist and art critic .
Julien - Joseph Virey ( 21 December 1775 , Langres -- 9 March 1846 ) was a French naturalist and anthropologist .
Jean Bouise ( 3 June 1929 in Le Havre -- 6 July 1989 in Lyon ) was a French actor .
Jean - Paul Fitoussi ( born 19 August 1942 ) is a French economist of Sephardi Jewish descent .
Jean - Pierre Petit ( born 5 April 1937 , Choisy - le - Roi ) is a French scientist , senior researcher at National Center for Scientific Research ( CNRS ) as an astrophysicist in Marseille Observatory , now retired .
François Véron ( Paris , c. 1575 -- Charenton , 1649 ) was a French Jesuit controversialist .
Jean - Marie Drot ( 2 March 1929 -- 23 September 2015 ) was a French writer and documentary maker .
A. den Doolaard ( ( aː ʔdɛnˈdoːlaːrt ) , Macedonian : А. ден Долард , A. den Dolard , ( ˈaʔ dɛnˈdɔlart ) , Zwolle , February 7 , 1901 -- Hoenderloo , June 26 , 1994 ) is the pseudonym of the Dutch writer and journalist Cornelis Johannes George ( Bob ) Spoelstra Jr.
Nathalie Cardone ( born 29 March 1967 at `` la Clinique de Cygognes '' in Pau , Pyrénées - Atlantiques ) is a French actress and singer .
Hafid Bouazza ( Arabic : حفيظ بوعزة , ḥafīẓ būʿazza ) ( born 8 March 1970 in Oujda , Morocco ) is a Moroccan - Dutch writer .
Louis Marie Germain Delavigne ( 1 February 1790 -- 3 November 1868 ) was a French playwright and librettist .
Eva Rivas ( Armenian : Եվա Ռիվաս , Russian : Ева Ривас ; born Valeria Alexandrovna Reshetnikova - Satouryan , Russian : Валерия Александровна Решетникова-Цатурян , 13 July 1987 ) is a Russian - Armenian singer .
Claude Nollier , French actress , was born on 12 December 1919 in Paris , and died 12 February 2009 .
Damien Boisseau is a French voice actor who specializes in dubbing .
Louis Bernard Bonjean ( 4 December 1804 - 21 May 1871 ) was a French jurist who was a Senator under Napoleon III . He was a prolific author .
François Chalais ( December 15 , 1919 -- May 1 , 1996 ) was a prominent French reporter , journalist , writer and film historian .
Alfred Rode ( June 4 , 1905 -- July 22 , 1979 ) was an Italian - born French composer , musician , actor and film director .
Pierre Lescure ( born July 2 , 1945 , Paris ) , is a French journalist and television executive .
Jean Taittinger ( 25 January 1923 -- 23 September 2012 ) was a French politician and member of the champagne producing Taittinger family .
Kerstin Gier ( born 1966 ) is a German author of novels for adults and young adults .
François Le Lionnais ( 3 October 1901 -- 13 March 1984 ) was a French chemical engineer and writer .
Maria Elena Kyriakou ( Greek : Μαρία Έλενα Κυριάκου , pronounced ( marˈia ˈelena cirˈʝaku ) ; born 11 January 1984 ) is a Greek Cypriot singer best known for winning the first season of The Voice of Greece under the mentorship of Despina Vandi .
Gabriel Astruc ( 1864 - -1938 ) was a French journalist , agent , promoter , theatre manager , theatrical impresario , and playwright whose career connects many of the best - known incidents and personalities of Belle Epoque Paris .
Jean - Louis Vallas ( 1901 - -1995 ) was an award - winning French poet .
Marcel Ichac ( October 22 , 1906 - April 9 , 1994 ) was a French alpinist , explorer , photographer and film director .
Michel Mohrt ( 28 April 1914 -- 17 August 2011 ) was an editor , essayist , novelist and historian of French literature .
Hans Westermann ( July 17 , 1890 -- March 16 , 1935 ) was a German Communist , politician and fighter in the German Resistance against the Third Reich .
Carole André ( born 11 March 1953 ) is a French film actress .
Annick Alane ( born 5 September 1925 in Carnac ) is a French film , television , and theatre actress .
Pascal Greggory ( born 8 September 1954 ) is a French actor .
Ouriel Zohar ( born in 1952 ) , is an Israeli and French theater director , playwright , poet and translator from French to Hebrew .
Henri - Benjamin Constant de Rebecque ( French : ( kɔ̃stɑ̃ ) ; 25 October 1767 -- 8 December 1830 ) , or simply Benjamin Constant , was a Swiss - French political activist and writer on politics and religion .
Gaston Thomson was a French politician born January 29 , 1848 in Oran , French Algeria , and died May 14 , 1932 , at Bône ( Algeria ) .
Albert Caraco ( 8 July 1919 -- 7 September 1971 ) was a French - Uruguayan philosopher , writer , essayist and poet of Turkish Jewish descent .
Nicolas Sarkozy ( French : ( ni.kɔ.la saʁ.kɔ.zi ) ; born Nicolas Paul Stéphane Sarközy de Nagy - Bocsa ; 28 January 1955 ) is a French politician who served as the President of France and Co - Prince of Andorra from 16 May 2007 until 15 May 2012 .
Lambert ten Kate ( 23 January 1674 -- 14 December 1731 ) was a Dutch linguist .
Martin Kastler ( born June 18 , 1974 in Nuremberg ) is a German politician of the CSU and member of the European Parliament .
Guy Sajer ( né Guy Mouminoux , born 13 January 1927 in Paris ) , is a French writer , author of Le soldat oublié ( 1976 , translated as The Forgotten Soldier ) , and a cartoonist under the pen names Dimitri , and Dimitri Lahache .
Wilhelmus Bryan is a documentary film producer in the USA .
Robert Durrer ( 1890 -- 1978 ) was a Swiss engineer who developed the basic oxygen steelmaking process ( the Linz - Donawitz process , named after the towns where the technology was commercialized ) .
Samuel Washington Woodhouse ( June 27 , 1821 -- October 23 , 1904 ) was an American surgeon , explorer and naturalist .
Gil Morales , known as Ate Gay , is a Filipino actor , comedian , impersonator and singer .
He also lyricist for himself , the theme song of ' ' Alan Tam & Hacken Lee Concert 2009 `` , the song ' ' Needless To Scared `` , and being the lyricist of the song composed by Eason Chan , named ' ' Season Changed `` .
Norman Gevitz , Ph.D. is a medical historian .
Johnny Watson ( April 12 , 1867 -- November 1 , 1963 ) was an African American blues singer , guitarist and harmonica player , best known for his recordings under the name Daddy Stovepipe .
Dr Israel Eliashiv ( Hebrew : ישראל אלישיב‎ , Yisra'el ) is an Israeli diplomat who served as the country 's ambassador to Singapore between 1987 and 1990 .
Lewis Furey , born Lewis Greenblatt ( born June 7 , 1949 ) is a Canadian composer , singer , violinist , pianist , actor and director .
Sergio Palleroni is an architect , professor , and fellow at the new Institute for Sustainable Solutions at Portland State University in Portland , Oregon .
Omid Memarian ( Persian : امید معماریان‎ ) ( born 1974~ ) is an Iranian journalist and blogger .
Alexandra Zertsalova ( Russian : Александра Зерцалова ; born January 18 , 1982 ) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer , who specialized in individual medley events .
Yang Chengxu is a senior Chinese diplomat to German - speaking countries .
Tarun Khiwal ( born 1965 ) is a noted Indian fashion and commercial photographer , based in Delhi .
Jane McGonigal ( born October 21 , 1977 ) is an American game designer and author who advocates the use of mobile and digital technology to channel positive attitudes and collaboration in a real world context .
Shaaban Abdel Rahim ( Arabic : شعبان عبد الرحيم‎ ) , also known as Sha'bola ( شعبولا ) is an Egyptian pop ( Sha'abi ) singer , formerly working as makwagi ( man who irons clothing ) and known for catchy songs with political lyrics .
Cory Williams ( born August 5 , 1981 ) , also known as `` Mr. Safety '' from SMP Films , is an actor and YouTube personality who , up until early 2013 , lived in Thousand Oaks , California , and currently resides in Eagle River , Alaska .
Meyer Friedman ( July 13 , 1910 - -April 27 , 2001 ) was an American cardiologist who developed , with colleague R.H. Rosenman , the theory that the `` Type A '' behavior of chronically angry and impatient people raises their risk of heart attacks .
Nick Gain is an electronic rock DJ , singer - songwriter , and producer .
Terence Moore is an American sports journalist based in Atlanta .
Richard Bedull ( fl . 1388 ) , of Reading , Berkshire , was an English politician .
Daniel Healy `` Dan '' Solwold Jr. ( born April 15 , 1978 ) better known by his ring name Austin Aries , is an American professional wrestler who is signed to WWE .
Sam Lapides ( born David Samuel Lapides , August 14 , 1962 , Irvington , New Jersey ) is an American singer - songwriter , known as the guitarist and lead vocalist for the bands Ghosthouse and Folkminers .
Günther Dollinger ( born August 2 , 1960 in Kempten ) is a German physicist and professor at the Bundeswehr University Munich .
Peter Francis Hammond ( June 30 , 1887 -- April 2 , 1971 ) was a politician and member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio .
Jabez Leftwich ( September 22 , 1765 -- June 22 , 1855 ) was an American politician who served the state of Virginia in the U.S. House of Representatives between 1821 and 1825 .
Baher Azmy is an American lawyer and professor of law at Seton Hall University , specializing in constitutional law .
Gulab Kothari is an Indian author , journalist and editor - in - chief of Indian daily newspaper Rajasthan Patrika .
Aron Eisenberg ( born January 6 , 1969 ) is an American actor known for his role as Nog on Star Trek :
Benjamin Johnson Lang ( December 28 , 1837 -- April 3 , 1909 ) was an American conductor , pianist , organist , teacher and composer .
James Bertram Cunningham ( born September 28 , 1872 ) was a politician in the Canadian province of Ontario , who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1919 to 1923 .
Sheila Raye Charles ( born Sheila Robinson ; September 1963 ) is an American singer - songwriter .
Jim L. Wells is a radio producer for KATM , 103.3 FM KAT Country 103.3fm in Modesto , California .
Tony Lombardo is an American musician who was the original bassist in the punk rock band the Descendents .
Christopher Simmons ( born April 10 , 1973 ) is a Canadian - born , San Francisco - based graphic designer , writer and educator .
Hilton Kramer ( March 25 , 1928 -- March 27 , 2012 ) was an American art critic and essayist .
Peter Clewes is a Canadian architect and the principal of the Toronto - based firm architectsAlliance .
Robert Philipp ( February 2 , 1895 -- November 22 , 1981 ) was an American painter influenced by Impressionism and Post - Impressionism , and known for his nudes , still lifes , and portraits of attractive women and Hollywood stars .
Johan Wahjudi ( Chinese : 洪耀龍 ) is a former Chinese - Indonesian badminton player .
Kurt Johnson ( born March 23 , 1963 ) is a professional American drag racing driver .
Johannes Hüppi ( born 1965 ) is a Swiss painter .
Nicola Renzi ( born July 18 , 1979 ) is a Sammarinese politician who currently serves as a Captain Regent with Lorella Stefanelli , having held the post since October 1 , 2015 .
Max Boot ( born September 12 , 1969 ) is an American author , consultant , editorialist , lecturer , and military historian .
Richard Heffer ( born 28 July 1946 in Cambridge ) is a British actor , best known for his roles on television in the 1970s and 1980s .
Kevin Guilfoile ( born July 16 , 1968 ) is an American novelist , essayist and humorist .
Danni Leigh ( born February 9 , 1970 in Strasburg , Virginia , U.S. ) is an American honky tonk - style country music singer .
Mohammad Niamur Rashid ( born January 1 , 1975 , Pabna , Rajshahi ) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 2 ODIs in 1999 .
Hannelie Coetzee is a Johannesburg - based visual artist and professional photographer .
Sepp Mayerl , also known as Blasl - Sepp ( April 14 , 1937 − July 28 , 2012 ) was an Austrian mountaineer .
Michael Malitowski is a ballroom dancer , a former World Latin Dance Champion with his partner Joanna Leunis .
Terezija Stoisits ( ˈtɛrɛzija ˈstɔjʃitɕ ) ( born November 14 , 1958 in Stinatz / Stinjaki , Burgenland ) is an Austrian politician of the Green Party .
Nick Dyson ( born 19 December 1969 in Hessle , Hull ) is an English former professional snooker player .
Garrett Droppers was an academic and diplomat from the United States .
Horace Mann Jr. ( 1844 - -1868 ) was an American botanist , son of the man considered `` father of American Public Education '' .
Max Borges , Jr. , born Max Borges - Recio ( July 24 , 1918 -- January 18 , 2009 ) , was a Cuban architect exiled in the United States .
Thammar Nazir is a British TV actor .
Gus Triandos ( July 30 , 1930 -- March 28 , 2013 ) was a Greek American former professional baseball player .
Sun Yun - suan ( Chinese : 孫運璿 ; pinyin : Sūn Yùnxuán ; November 11 , 1913 -- February 15 , 2006 ) was a Chinese engineer and politician .
Kelly VanderBeek ( born January 21 , 1983 in Kapuskasing , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian alpine skier originally from Kitchener , Ontario .
Diocles of Cnidus ( Greek : Διοκλῆς ) was a Platonic philosopher , who is mentioned as the author of Διατριβαί ( Discussions ) from which a fragment is quoted by Eusebius :
Derryth Lynne Thomas ( 29 September 1939 , Llanelli , Glamorgan , Wales ) is a Welsh former cricketer played 10 test matches for the England women 's cricket team between 1966 and 1976 and 24 one day internationals for England and the International XI between 1973 and 1982 .
Paul Schulze ( born June 12 , 1962 ) is an American actor best known for portraying Ryan Chappelle on the FOX series 24 from 2001 to 2004 and Father Phil Intintola on the HBO series The Sopranos from 1999 to 2006 .
Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamad is a Sudanese politician of the National Congress Party , who governed Kassala State from 2006 until 2008 , whereupon he adopted the position of Minister of the Interior in the Ministry of Interior Affairs .
Clark P. Manning , Jr. , also known as Clark Manning or Clark Preston Manning , is an American actuary and business manager .
Kathleen McCree Lewis ( September 27 , 1947 -- October 16 , 2007 ) was an American lawyer and former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit .
Larry Sultan ( 1946 - 2009 ) was an American photographer from the San Fernando Valley in California .
Henry of Oyta ( German : Heinrich Totting von Oyta ) ( c.1330 -- 1397 ) was a German theologian and nominalist philosopher .
George Holz ( born October 19 , 1956 ) is an American photographer known for his fashion and celebrity portraiture .
Robert Kuttner ( /ˈkʌtnər/ ; born April 17 , 1943 ) is an American journalist and writer .
Alaric Tokpa is a Liberian politician and political scientist .
Rel Dowdell is an American screenwriter , film director , film producer , and English / screenwriting educator .
Modesto P. Sa - onoy ( born July 4 , 1938 ) is a Filipino historian and journalist specializing in the history of Negros Island in the Philippines .
Hyacinthe Jadin ( April 27 , 1776 -- September 27 , 1800 ) was a French composer who came from a distinguished musical family .
María Conchita Alonso ( born June 29 , 1957 ) , better known as María Conchita , is a Cuban - Venezuelan - raised three time Grammy Award -- nominated singer / songwriter and actress .
Darryl Watson is a retired American basketball player and coach .
Kate Pace ( born February 13 , 1969 ) , also known as Kate Pace Lindsay , is a retired Canadian alpine skier .
Hans Heinrich Bürmann ( died June 21 , 1817 in Mannheim ) was a German mathematician and teacher .
Marlene Hagge ( born February 16 , 1934 ) , née Bauer , is an American former professional golfer .
Harry Hemley Plaskett FRS ( July 5 , 1893 - January 26 , 1980 ) was a Canadian astronomer who made significant contributions to the fields of solar physics , astronomical spectroscopy and spectrophotometry .
Barbara Andrews is an American writer of 20 romance novels under her real name ; with her daughter , Pam Andrews Hanson , she now writes under the pseudonyms Jennifer Drew and Pam Rock .
J. Gordon Edwards ( June 24 , 1867 -- December 31 , 1925 ) was a Canadian film director , producer , and a writer who began his career as a stage actor and as a stage director .
Robert Mosher ( September 27 , 1920 -- July 26 , 2015 ) was an American architect who operated primarily in Southern California .
Hugh Reilly ( October 30 , 1915 -- July 17 , 1998 ) was an American actor who performed on the Broadway stage , in films , and on television .
John Neschling ( born 1947 ) is a Brazilian orchestral and operatic conductor .
Little Bruce , is an American rapper from Vallejo , California , best known for this 1994 debut album released on Sick Wid It , now known as Heavy on the Grind Entertainment , and Jive Records , XXXtra Manish .
Laura Andel ( born 1968 ) is an Argentine musician , conductor and composer .
Jay Gould II ( September 1 , 1888 -- January 26 , 1935 ) was an American real tennis player and a grandson of the railroad magnate Jay Gould .
Sarah - Jane Redmond is an actor and acting coach .
Johnny Rozsa is a New York - based photographer , specializing in fashion , portrait , and celebrity photography .
Jelle Klaasen ( born 17 October 1984 ) is a Dutch professional darts player who plays in the Professional Darts Corporation and is the youngest darts player to win the World Darts Championship .
James Ogilvie Fairlie ( 10 October 1809 -- 5 December 1870 ) was a Scottish amateur golfer and aristocrat .
James Lansdale Hodson ( 1891 - 1956 ) was a British novelist , scriptwriter and journalist .
Dale Whittington ( September 23 , 1959 -- June 14 , 2003 ) , was an American racing driver .
Max Azria ( Arabic : ماكس عزرية ) ( born January 1 , 1949 ) is a Tunisian fashion designer who founded the contemporary women 's clothing brand BCBG Max Azria .
Mark del Castillo is a guitarist , vocalist , composer and songwriter .
Chapman Baehler is a photographer and director primarily working with musicians .
Glen Keane ( born April 13 , 1954 ) is an American animator , author and illustrator .
Mike Mineo is an American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist born in Hollywood , Florida .
Jesse Fuller ( March 12 , 1896 -- January 29 , 1976 ) was an American one - man band musician , best known for his song `` San Francisco Bay Blues '' .
Hem Raksmey ( born September 6 , 1983 ) is a Cambodian former swimmer , who specialized in sprint freestyle and breaststroke events .
Viola Wills ( December 30 , 1939 -- May 6 , 2009 ) was an American pop singer , best known for the 1979 UK Singles Chart # 8 and U.S. Hot Dance Club Play # 52 hit , `` Gon na Get Along Without You Now '' .
Didier Queloz ( born February 23 , 1966 ) is an astronomer with a prolific record in finding extrasolar planets in the Astrophysics Group of the Cavendish Laboratory , Cambridge , and also at the University of Geneva .
Agostino Ugolini ( 1755 - - January 8 , 1824 ) was an Italian painter , active in a late - Baroque and early - neoclassic style .
Shubha Poonja is an Indian actress and former model .
Takeshi Kimura ( February 4 , 1912 -- January 1988 ) was a Japanese screenwriter who wrote many films for Toho studios .
Kelley L. Carter ( born September 20 , 1976 ) is an entertainment and pop culture journalist at ESPN .
Johannes Aal ( c. 1500 -- 28 May 1553 ) was a Swiss Roman Catholic theologian , composer and dramaturg .
Mahla Zamani is an Iranian fashion designer , journalist and expert on Iranian traditional clothing .
Aparupa Poddar ( Afrin Ali ) is an Indian politician and a member of parliament to the 16th Lok Sabha from Arambagh ( Lok Sabha constituency ) , West Bengal .
Pierre Hilzim is a chef in New Orleans and head of Kajun Kettle Foods .
Yolanda Arroyo Pizarro ( born October 29 , 1970 ) is a Puerto Rican novelist , short story writer and essayist .
Susannah McCorkle ( January 1 , 1946 -- May 19 , 2001 ) was an American jazz singer much admired for her direct , unadorned singing style and quiet intensity .
Edmund Shakespeare was the subject of a one - man show , written and performed by the British stage actor Ben Deery , in 2012 , at The Last Refuge , Peckham , London .
Tom Hedden is an American score composer , the former music director at NFL Films , and National Football League Director of Music Administration .
Aubrey Hampton ( October 23 , 1934 - May 9 , 2011 ) was an American biochemist and writer .
Alexander Tilloch FSA ( Scot ) ( 1759 - -1825 ) was a Scottish journalist and inventor .
Jules Van Nuffel ( 21 March 1883 -- 25 June 1953 ) was a Belgian priest , musicologist , composer , and a renowned expert on religious music .
John Acorn , also known as The Nature Nut , is a naturalist who is known for his inspiring personality and infectious love of nature .
Jan Mela ( born December 30 , 1988 in Gdańsk ) is a Polish explorer who , as a teenage double amputee , was the youngest person to reach the North Pole in 2004 , and eight months later the South Pole .
Tony Juliano ( also known as Tony `` Baloney '' Juliano ) ( born February 7 , 1975 ) is a satirist painter in New Haven , Connecticut and is affiliated with the international art movement Stuckism .
King Pu - tsung ( Chinese : 金溥聰 ; pinyin : Jīn Pǔcōng ; born August 30 , 1956 in Tainan City , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese - Manchu politician in the Republic of China .
Fahim Fazli ( born May 30 , 1966 ) is an Afghan American film actor .
Will Beall is an American screenwriter and former Los Angeles Police Department detective .
Lucius Cornificius , a member of the plebeian gens Cornificia , was a Roman politician and consul in 35 BC . Cornificius served as the accuser of Marcus Junius Brutus in the court which tried the murderers of Julius Caesar .
Al Rockoff is an American photojournalist made famous by his coverage of the Vietnam War and of the Khmer Rouge takeover of Phnom Penh , Cambodia 's capital .
Mark Kuczewski is an American philosopher and bioethicist who has been a key contributor to the New Professionalism movement in medicine and medical education .
Jasmin Shokrian is an American , Los Angeles - based artist , and fashion designer .
John Patrick Raynor ( October 1 , 1923 -- November 14 , 1997 ) was a Jesuit Roman Catholic priest and the twentieth president of Marquette University in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Donovan Scott ( born September 29 , 1946 ) is an American character film actor best known for his role of cadet Leslie Barbara in the 1984 film Police Academy starring together with Steve Guttenberg .
Luisa Silei ( February 17 , 1825 -- February 5 , 1898 ) was an Italian woman painter , mainly of landscapes .
Engin Arık ( October 4 , 1948 -- November 30 , 2007 ) was a renowned Turkish particle physicist .
Hersh Shefrin ( born in Winnipeg , Canada ) is an economist best known for his pioneering work in behavioral finance .
Gabriele Marranci ( born 1973 ) is an anthropologist working on religion with a specialization in Muslim societies .
Gregg Toland , A.S.C. ( May 29 , 1904 -- September 28 , 1948 ) was an American cinematographer noted for his innovative use of lighting and techniques such as deep focus , examples of which can be found in his work on Orson Welles 's Citizen Kane and John Ford 's The Long Voyage Home .
Eduardo Boetsch G. H. , engineer ; and Jorge Delano Frederick , reporter requested adhesions to promote the presidential candidacy of Jorge Alessandri .
Lorraine Higgins ( born 3 August 1979 ) is an Irish barrister and Labour Party politician .
Carolyn Kaelin ( April 4 , 1961 -- July 28 , 2015 ) was an American cancer surgeon .
Vénera Kastrati is a contemporary artist residing in Milan , Italy .
Ning Zetao ( Chinese : 宁泽涛 , born March 6 , 1993 ) is a Chinese competitive swimmer who specializes in the sprint freestyle events .
Michael Landon ( born Eugene Maurice Orowitz ; October 31 , 1936 -- July 1 , 1991 ) was an American actor , writer , director , and producer .
Louis Pohl ( 1915 -- December 22 , 1999 ) was an American painter , illustrator , art teacher , printmaker and cartoonist .
Christopher Christian Cox ( August 28 , 1816 -- November 25 , 1882 ) was known as an American surgeon , professor at Philadelphia College of Medicine and served briefly as a politician .
Lars Gabriel Romanus , born January 25 , 1939 , in Helsingborg , is a Swedish liberal politician .
Al Krux ( born in North Carolina ) is an American professional poker player now based near Syracuse , New York .
Sharmila Biswas is a noted Indian classical dancer and choreographer in the Odissi , and a disciple of guru Kelucharan Mohapatra .
Yoram Gal , ( born January 7 , 1952 ) is an international Israeli painter , playwright , director , actor and theater , TV and cinema producer .
Piya Chattopadhyay is an award - winning Canadian journalist known for her work on CBC Radio , as well as on Fox News Radio , and TV Ontario .
Velma Wayne Dawson ( May 30 , 1912 , Sydney , Australia -- September 26 , 2007 ) was an American puppet maker and puppeteer .
Nicolás Vigneaux Poirot ( born March 8 , 1997 in Santiago ) is an actor known by his first television series Mujeres de lujo who played Moses .
August Natterer ( 1868 - -1933 ) , also known as Neter , was a schizophrenic German outsider artist .
Sarah Fimm ( born September 18 , in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is an American singer - songwriter , residing in Woodstock , NY .
Clay Clement ( May 19 , 1888 -- October 20 , 1956 ) was an American stage , film , and TV actor .
Major General Dr. Chelliah Thurairaja , USP , SLMC was a Sri Lankan military physician , Sri Lankan Army general and sportsmen .
Herbert William Bird ( fl . 1897 -- 1931 ) was a British architect and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Gheorghe Chițu ( August 24 , 1828 - -October 27 , 1897 ) was a Wallachian - born Romanian lawyer and politician .
Chana Bloch ( born March 15 , 1940 , Bronx , NY ) is an American poet , translator , and scholar .
William R. Roush is an American organic chemist .
Hans Bruun Nielsen is mathematician and Associate Professor of Technical University of Denmark specializing in Numerical analysis and the application of numerical methods .
Tom Weatherston ( born February 15 , 1950 ) is an American industrial engineer and politician .
Mike Sares is an American pastor , author , and religious speaker .
Soce , the elemental wizard ( born Andrew Singer ) is a New York City - based rapper and producer and one of the rap scene 's openly gay MCs .
Lenore Malen is an American artist whose practice involves video installation , photography , and performance .
Gela Bezhuashvili ( Georgian : გელა ბეჟუაშვილი ) ( born March 1 , 1967 ) is a Georgian politician and the current head of the Georgian Intelligence Service since February 1 , 2008 .
Tessa Earl is a ballet dancer who has performed as company dancer for many Christian dance companies including Ballet Rejoice and the United States ' most well - known Christian dance company , Ballet Magnificat!.
Jan Dekker ( born June 25 , 1990 ) is a Dutch darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Fiodar Fiodaraŭ , ( Belarusian : Фёдар Іванавіч Фёдараў , Russian : Фёдор Иванович Фёдоров , Fedor Ivanovich Fedorov ) , ( June 19 , 1911 -- October 13 , 1994 ) was a Soviet and Belarusian physicist , whose scientific interests ranged from optics and spectroscopy to the theory of elementary particles .
Felix Ivo Leicher ( May 18 or 19 , 1727 - February 20 , 1812 ) was a Czech - born Viennese painter of altarpieces and secular works , which was spread to a wide area throughout the Habsburg Empire and beyond .
Caleb Atwater ( December 23 , 1778 -- March 13 , 1867 ) was an American politician , historian , and early archaeologist in the state of Ohio before the field was established .
Kane Lucas is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Mar Mar Aye ( Burmese : မာမာအေး ) is a prolific Burmese singer .
Erwin Obermair ( born August 29 , 1946 ) is an Austrian amateur astronomer and discoverer of asteroids .
Vincenzo Seratrice the Elder ( Turin , 1851 - Lanuvio , 1922 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre paintings , archaeologist , antiquarian and furniture maker .
Bryce Pinkham is an American stage and television actor .
Elvie Marelyn Wintour - Coghlan AO is an Australian physiologist who has focused her career on the endocrinology of the pregnant mother and foetus .
Milenka Peña is an Emmy Award Nominee and a veteran television and radio journalist , producer and broadcaster in the Chicago area , also well known in many Latin - American countries .
Charles B. Wessler ( born May 16 , 1955 ) is an American film producer best known for his collaborations with the Farrelly brothers .
T. N. Srinivasan , in full Thirukodikaval Nilakanta Srinivasan ( born March 27 , 1933 ) , is an Indian economist who since 1980 has taught and worked in the United States .
Kristijan Milaković ( born April 21 , 1992 ) is a Croatian professional water polo player who currently plays for Savona of the Serie A1 ( water polo ) .
Thomas Monteagle Bayly ( March 26 , 1775 -- January 7 , 1834 ) was an eighteenth and nineteenth century politician , lawyer and planter from Virginia .
Nader Guirat ( Anglicized /ˈɡiːrɑːt/ ; in Tunisian Arabic : نادر قيراط pronounced ( ˈnɛːder ɡiːrˤɑːtˤ ) ) ( born May 16 , 1986 ) is a Tunisian pop - rock singer - songwriter - musician .
Robert Smolańczuk ( born in Olecko , Poland ) is a Polish theoretical physicist .
Jordan Johnson ( born September 11 , 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Shorty da Prince , is an American rapper and television personality , best known as the one - fourth of the new set of hosts of BET 's 106 & Park that began on October 1 , 2012 .
William V.S. Thorne was an American tennis player active in the late 19th century .
Joseph Farey ( 1796 - -1829 ) was an English mechanical engineer and draughtsman .
Dean Chamberlain is a photographer who specializes in unique lighting effects and extended exposure times .
Glenn Milne is a Canberra journalist and political commentator .
Margaret E. Ward is a well - known entrepreneur , journalist and broadcaster based in Dublin , Ireland .
Mohammad Kamran Hussain ( born May 9 , 1977 ) is a Pakistani international cricketer who has played two One Day International 's , as well as playing first - class , List A and Twenty20 cricket for eight teams in Pakistani domestic cricket .
Jacques Caffieri ( 1678 - -1755 ) was a French sculptor , working for the most part in bronze .
John Seddon is a British occupational psychologist and author , specialising in the service industry .
Hossein Namazi ( Persian : حسین نمازی‎ ) is an Iranian economist and academic , who served in different cabinet posts .
Saint Evilasius ( died 311 ) was an executioner who tortured and executed a helpless 13-year - old girl who later became Saint Fausta .
Charles Benjamin Dudley ( July 14 , 1842 - December 21 , 1909 ) was a U.S. chemist who was an early proponent of standardisation in industry .
Chris Kelso ( born 22 March 1988 , Kilmarnock , East Ayrshire , Scotland ) is a Scottish writer , illustrator , editor and journalist .
Luis Alberto Edwards Vives ( 1874 in Valparaíso -- 1932 in Santiago ) was a Chilean historian , nationalist politician and lawyer .
Abby Maria Hemenway ( October 7 , 1828 -- February 24 , 1890 ) was a Vermont teacher , author and historian .
Having worked in his professional career as a physicist and measurement engineer in a German DAX - Company Kurt Schreckling introduced advanced opportunities and unorthodox ways to optimize and measure telescopes for ambitious amateurs on a high quality level regarding surface quality , light weight construction while permanently compensating different optical aberrations .
Sam Dees ( born December 17 , 1945 ) is an American soul singer , songwriter and record producer .
John Woods Duke ( July 30 , 1899 -- October 26 , 1984 ) , an American composer and pianist born in Cumberland , Maryland , became arguably best known for his art songs .
Dion Erhardt Ørnvold ( October 17 , 1921 - January 23 , 2006 ) , known as Dion Ørnvold , was a Danish association football player in the midfielder position .
Peter Kovál , usually spelled Koval , is a professional photographer and artist .
Rudolph Marks ( born Max Radkisson ) was a playwright , songwriter , and comedian .
Nick Basile ( born February 10 , 1978 ) is an American film director , producer , actor and screenwriter .
Elizabeth Norton is a British historian specialising in the queens of England and the Tudor period .
Sanjar Zokirov ( also Sanzhar Zakirov , Uzbek : Санжар Закиров ; born January 6 , 1983 in Tashkent ) is an Uzbek judoka , who competed in the men 's extra - lightweight category .
Zdravko Mićević ( born 1982 in Yugoslavia ) is a Melbourne - based Serbian professional boxer , but is best known for his involvement in the death of former Australian cricketer David Hookes .
Kaveh Rastegar ( born November 17 , 1975 ) is a Grammy - nominated American bass guitarist and composer .
Irene Chanter is a British singer best known for her career as a member of the Chanter Sisters and for her work as a session singer , working with a number of musicians in the 1970s and 1980s .
Mina Cheon ( born 1973 ) is a Korean American new media artist , scholar , and educator .
Sean Li Rì Shēng ( 李日焺 ) is a film actor .
Mariani Maximin ( June 13 , 1914 in Port - Louis , Guadeloupe - July 7 , 2011 ) is a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1978 - 1981 .
Wasalu Muhammad Jaco ( born February 16 , 1982 ) , better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco ( /ˈluːpeɪ/ LOO - pay ) , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Nilofar Suhrawardy is an Indian freelance journalist who has written extensively for national newspapers .
Caiseal Mór is an Australian fantasy novelist and musician .
Delmira Agustini ( October 24 , 1886 -- July 6 , 1914 ) , an Uruguayan poet , is considered one of the greatest female Latin American poets of the early 20th century .
Lothar Haselberger is a German - American academic architectural historian , archaeologist , classical scholar and author .
Bernardino Lanini ( 1511 -- c. 1578 ) , also known as Bernardino Lanino , was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Milan .
Starang Wondah ( birth name Jack K. McNair ) is an American rapper and member of the trio O.G.C. and Boot Camp Clik supergroup .
Dr. Mohammed Ragab Ahmad , an Egyptian politician , is head of the Representative Group of the ruling National Democratic Party in the Shoura Council of Egypt .
Martinus Gosia was one of the glossators and a 12th - century Italian jurist , counted among the Four Doctors of Bologna , the others being Bulgarus , Hugo de Porta Ravennate and Jacobus de Boragine .
Moon Ik - hwan ( June 2 , 1918 -- January 18 , 1994 ) was a South Korean pastor , theologist , poet and activist engaged in various social movements .
Sharat Saxena is an Indian actor working in Bollywood films .
John Heth served in the volunteer forces of Virginia as an officer in the U.S. Navy in the War of 1812 .
Laura Jacobs is a novelist , journalist , and dance critic .
Eric Wisely ( born July 25 , 1984 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist competing in Bellator 's Featherweight division .
Harald Sandberg ( born March 12 , 1950 ) is a Swedish diplomat and civil servant who served as Swedish ambassador to Indonesia ( 1998 - -2003 ) , East Timor ( 2002 - -2003 ) and South Korea ( 2003 - -2005 ) .
George Platt Lynes ( April 15 , 1907 -- December 6 , 1955 ) was an American fashion and commercial photographer .
Declan McCullagh is an American entrepreneur , journalist and software engineer .
Dante Spinotti , A.S.C. , A.I.C. ( born August 22 , 1943 ) is an Italian cinematographer and a member of the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
Federico Kauffmann Doig ( born September 20 , 1928 ) is a Peruvian historian and archaeologist .
Fred McCardle is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Borden - Kinkora in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 2003 to 2007 .
Shamshad Ahmad ( Urdu : شمشاد احمد‎ ) is a veteran Pakistani diplomat , international relations expert and a author who served as the Foreign Secretary of Pakistan from 1997 to 2000 and as the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations between 2000 till 2002 .
Frank Pahl is a Michigan - based musician / composer , working in several styles including `` toy pop '' , or music made with toys .
Eric Clapton posted on Facebook about Bruce `` He was a great musician and composer , and a tremendous inspiration to me '' and composed an acoustic song in his honour and Ginger Baker wrote `` I am very sad to learn of the loss of a fine man , Jack Bruce ...
Kraig Metzinger ( born March 19 , 1963 ) is an American child actor , who played the role of Maude Findlay 's grandson Phillip Trainor on the situation comedy Maude for the show 's final season in 1977 - 1978 .
Graham Watanabe ( born March 19 , 1982 ) is an American snowboarder who has competed since 1996 .
Ted Donaldson ( born August 20 , 1933 , in New York City , New York ) is an American former child actor .
Tanja Fajon ( English : Tanya Fayon ; born May 9 , 1971 ) is a Slovenian politician and a journalist , currently serving as Member of the European Parliament .
Josateki Vula is a former Fijian politician , who served in the House of Representatives from 2001 to 2006 .
Bill Raftery ( born April 19 , 1943 ) is an American basketball analyst and former college basketball coach .
Shekhar Suman ( born 7 December 1962 ) is an Indian film actor , television personality and a singer .
Ángel Gómez Gómez ( born May 13 , 1981 in Ucieda , Cantabria ) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer .
Mary Mason is a British singer who scored a minor hit in the UK Singles Chart in 1977 with a medley of Chip Taylor 's `` Angel of the Morning '' / `` Any Way You Want Me '' , reaching # 27 and spending six weeks in the chart .
Belle da Costa Greene ( December 13 , 1883 -- May 10 , 1950 ) was the librarian to J. P. Morgan .
Diedrich Henne was a German born botanist and plant collector .
Bondan Prakoso ( born May 8 , 1982 ) is an Indonesian singer - songwriter , bass guitarist , and record producer .
Brandon Jack ( born 25 May 1994 ) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
John Abarough or Barow ( by 1483 - 1540 or later ) , of Salisbury , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Robert Belgrade is an American musician and voice actor .
Mickey Grimes ( born October 10 , 1976 ) is a former American sprinter who specialized over 100 and 200 metres .
Natasha Borovsky ( August 5 , 1924 -- May 31 , 2012 ) was a Russian American poet and novelist .
Jean - Robert Argand ( July 18 , 1768 -- August 13 , 1822 ) was an amateur mathematician .
Gautam Joglekar is an Indian actor , director and writer , known for the award winning Hindi 1991 movie Prahaar :
Willie Pickens ( born April 18 , 1931 ) is an American jazz pianist , composer , arranger , and educator .
Sonja Schöber ( born July 9 , 1985 in Hörde , Nordrhein - Westfalen ) is a German swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events .
Frank Pietronigro is an American interdisciplinary artist , educator and author .
Sara K. ( full name Sara Katherine Wooldridge ) is an American singer - songwriter based in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Samuel Klingenstierna ( 1698 - -1765 ) was a very renowned Swedish mathematician and scientist .
In 1953 Eugenia Price published the book `` Discoveries Made From Living My Life '' , which launched her career as an inspirational novelist .
Wojciech Młynarski ( born 1941 ) is a Polish poet , singer , songwriter , translator and director .
Hong Sehwa is a South Korean journalist and former New Progressive Party delegate .
Mantan Moreland ( September 3 , 1902 -- September 28 , 1973 ) was an American actor and comedian most popular in the 1930s and 1940s .
Chan Wing - wah , JP ( simplified Chinese : 陈永华 ; traditional Chinese : 陳永華 ; pinyin : Chen Yonghua ; born 1954 , Hong Kong ) is a Chinese conductor and composer .
Morton Mintz ( born January 26 , 1922 ) is an investigative journalist who in his early years ( 1946 - -1958 ) reported for two St. Louis , Missouri newspapers , the Star - Times and the Globe - Democrat ; and then , most notably The Washington Post ( 1958 - -1988 ) .
Stacey Jackson ( born Stacey Liane Levy ) , is a Canadian - American singer , Executive Producer at 3B1 G Records .
Starlet Marie `` Star '' Jones ( previously Star Jones Reynolds ; born March 24 , 1962 ) is an American lawyer , journalist , writer , television personality , fashion designer , and women 's and diversity advocate .
CJ Follini ( born : New York ) is an American digital media entrepreneur , film producer and real estate investor .
Wallace Wolodarsky , also billed as Wally Wolodarsky , is an American screenwriter , television producer and film director known for being one of the screenwriters for The Simpsons during the first four seasons with his writing partner Jay Kogen .
Kasey Green ( born 10 September 1979 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles and the Kangaroos in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , as well as with the East Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Fred Dekker ( born April 9 , 1959 ) is an American writer and director of the cult classic films Night of the Creeps and The Monster Squad ( written with Shane Black ) .
John Henry Twachtman ( August 4 , 1853 -- August 8 , 1902 ) was an American painter best known for his impressionist landscapes , though his painting style varied widely through his career .
Louise Nalbandian was a historian and professor in the History Department of CSU Fresno from 1964 to 1974 .
Renato Del Frate ( 1910 - -1962 ) was an Italian cinematographer who worked on more than fifty films during his career including Carmen ( 1954 ) .
Dave Smalley is an American musician , best known as the lead singer for the hardcore punk bands DYS , Dag Nasty , and All and as lead singer / guitarist with Down by Law .
Graham Reilly is a British composer , known for composing television music .
Luigi Stornaiolo Pimentel ( b. Quito , June 9 , 1956 ) is an Ecuadorian painter .
Loffo Camara was trained as a midwife , and became an activist in the Democratic Party of Guinea ( PDG ) in Macenta .
Cassius Clement Stearns was an American composer of church music .
Prospero Farinacci ( 30 October 1554 - 30 October 1618 ) was an Italian lawyer and judge , noted for his harsh sentencing .
Rafael Usero ( born July 14 , 1973 ) is a Spanish flamenco singer more commonly known of his stage name Rafael de Utrera .
Muideen Akanji is a Nigerian boxer who competes as a middleweight .
Walter Richard Miles ( March 29 , 1885 -- May 15 , 1978 ) was an American psychologist and a president of the American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
Enrique Abaroa Castellanos is a landscape artist and urban architect from Monterrey , Mexico .
Alexander De Witt ( April 2 , 1798 -- January 13 , 1879 ) was a 19th - century American politician from the state of Massachusetts .
Nicolas Régnier ( 1591 - -1667 ) , alternatively Niccolò Renieri , Niccolo Renieri , Niccolò Renieri , Nicolaas Regnier , Nicolaas Renier , Nicolas Renier , Nicolas Renieri in Italian , was a Flemish painter and art collector , active in Italy during the Baroque period .
Maung Htin ( Burmese : မောင်ထင် ; born Htin Fatt ) was a prolific Burmese writer and journalist , best known for his classic 1947 novel Nga Ba ( ငဘ ) , which portrayed the lives of downtrodden farmers .
Anocha Suwichakornpong ( Thai : อโนชา สุวิชากรพงศ์ , born 1976 ) is a Thai independent film director , screenwriter and producer .
William Wirt Winchester ( June 22 , 1837 -- March 7 , 1881 ) was the treasurer of the Winchester Repeating Arms Company , a position he held until his death in 1881 .
Declan Michael Laird is a Scottish actor and a graduate of the Stella Adler Studio of Acting .
Mike Bones is the stage name of Mike Strallow , a New York -- based guitarist singer - songwriter who established himself as one of the top guitarists on the New York underground / independent scene for his work with Soldiers of Fortune , Damon McMahon , Lizzie Trulie , and the Mighty Flashlight .
Swapnil Asnodkar is an Indian first - class cricketer .
Peder Nielsen Hemb ( 1782 - ? ? ) was a Norwegian politician .
Robert Bogardus ( May 22 , 1771 `` Possession House '' , St. John 's Park , New York City - September 12 , 1841 New York City ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Jacques Desrosiers ( July 8 , 1938 -- June 11 , 1996 ) was a Québécois singer and actor best known for playing the clown Patof in the Canadian television series Patofville .
Jill Mowat is a Scottish television journalist , currently working for STV News in Northern Scotland .
Kierra Smith ( born February 1 , 1994 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian breaststroke swimmer from Kelowna , British Columbia .
John Norman Graham , born at Hexham , Northumberland , on 8 May 1943 , was a cricketer who played for Kent during the county 's years of success in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Ivo Amulić was a Yugoslav politician and Mayor of Split during World War II .
Julia Schwarzbach ( née Rohde ) is a German weightlifter .
From the time he was appointed as strategos in 209 BC , Philopoemen helped turn the Achaean League into an important military power in Greece .
Silas Seth Weeks ( b. Vermont , Illinois , 8 Sept. 1868 -- d. Dec. 1953 ) was an American composer who played mandolin , violin , banjo and guitar .
Yul Vazquez ( born March 18 , 1965 ) is a Cuban American actor and musician , who is best known for his role as Bob in the Seinfeld episodes `` The Soup Nazi '' , `` The Sponge '' and `` The Puerto Rican Day '' .
Shiho Hisamatsu ( Japanese : 久松志保 , born July 4 , 1979 in Kagoshima ) is a Japanese women 's tennis player .
Robert Clary ( born Robert Max Widerman ; March 1 , 1926 ) is a French - American actor , published author , and lecturer .
Elaine Bradley ( born October 19 , 1984 ) is an American musician and songwriter , and the drummer for the American rock band Neon Trees .
Simon Glendinning ( born 1964 ) is an English philosopher , and is currently Professor of European Philosophy in the European Institute at the London School of Economics .
Rajiv Joseph ( born June 16 , 1974 ) is an American playwright and a 2010 Pulitzer Prize finalist .
Frederick Carl Frieseke ( April 7 , 1874 -- August 24 , 1939 ) was an American Impressionist painter who spent most of his life as an expatriate in France .
Li Baotian ( Chinese : 李保田 ; pinyin : Lǐ Bǎotián ; born November 1946 ) is a Chinese actor .
John William Merrow ( August 15 , 1874 -- April 11 , 1927 ) was a New York City theater architect .
Jean - Luc Fillon is a French oboist , English Horn player , double bass player , electric bass player , orchestra conductor and composer .
Kishori Sinha ( Hindi : किशोरी सिन्हा ) ( 1925 -- ) is an Indian politician and a former two - term Member of Parliament from the Vaishali constituency .
Anatoly Skavronsky ( Russian : Анатолий Скавронский ; born 1940 ) is a retired Soviet swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m butterfly event at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships .
Alvin S. Felzenberg is an American presidential historian , political commentator , and public official .
Charles Cyprian Strong Cushing ( October 27 , 1879 -- March 6 , 1941 ) was an American playwright who wrote under the name Tom Cushing .
Francesco Benigno ( born 4 October 1967 ) , is an Italian actor of television , cinema and theatre .
Richard Pudsey ( fl . 1492 ) was an English politician .
José Luciano de Castro Pereira Corte - Real ( December 14 , 1834 -- March 9 , 1914 ) was a Portuguese politician who served three terms as President of the Council of Ministers ( Prime Minister ) .
Monica Milne was the first woman diplomat in the UK in 1946 .
Rosemary Barton is a Canadian political journalist , currently the Parliament Hill correspondent for CBC News , and the host of Power & Politics on CBC News Network .
Ashleigh Banfield ( born December 29 , 1967 ) is a Canadian - American journalist who works for CNN and hosts the legal news program Legal View with Ashleigh Banfield .
Kristjana Gunnars ( born March 19 , 1948 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic - Canadian poet and novelist .
Johann Wilde was an 18th - century German violinist and musical instrument inventor .
Tatjana Soli is an American novelist and short - story writer .
Elias Wakan ( born April 20 , 1945 ) is a constructivist sculptor working since 1996 on Gabriola Island , in British Columbia , Canada .
Nathaniel Smith ( January 6 , 1762 - March 9 , 1822 ) was a nineteenth - century lawyer , cattle dealer , judge and politician .
Anne Terzibaschitsch is a German pianist , composer and piano teacher .
Vincenzo Di Nicola is a Canadian psychologist , psychiatrist , and family therapist .
Raphael Cruz is an American acrobat , clown and actor .
Paul McCole ( born 10 February 1972 ) is a Scottish actor and comedian , perhaps best known for his role in the dark comedy series High Times along with his brother Stephen .
Taryn Onofaro is a Brisbane based television presenter .
Scott Conant ( born February 19 , 1971 ) is an American celebrity chef , restaurateur , and cookbook author .
Wendy Gaynor ( born December 31 , 1947 ) is an entrepreneur and author based in New York City .
Edwin Serrano ( born July 12 , 1984 ) better known by his stage name Lil ' Eddie , is an American R&B / Soul singer - songwriter .
Amir Hosseinpour is an opera director and choreographer who has worked in major opera houses around the world .
Jaume Mora is a Catalonian physician and researcher specialized in pediatric cancer .
Ryan Early ( born 23 May 1979 Egham , Surrey , United Kingdom ) is a British actor .
Andrew and Martha Stewart moved to Westport , Connecticut , where they purchased and restored the 1805 farmhouse on Turkey Hill Road that would later become the model for the TV studio of Martha Stewart Living .
Hugh Matthews , Lord Matthews is a Senator of the College of Justice , a judge of the Scotland 's Supreme Courts .
Vassilis Vassilikos ( Greek : Βασίλης Βασιλικός , born November 18 , 1934 ) is a Greek writer , and a diplomat .
Kathryn Allison is a Broadway actor and a singer .
John of Epiphania ( Greek : Ιωάννης Επιφανεύς ) was a late sixth century Byzantine historian .
Loretta Ables Sayre ( born April 1 , 1958 ) is an American actress and singer who performed jazz standards at luxury hotels in Hawaii for three decades .
Sir ( Ernest ) Llewellyn Woodward ( 1890 - 1971 ) was a British historian .
Dave Schwep ( born April 9 , 1977 ) is an American cinematographer , director , and producer .
Martine Leavitt is a Canadian American writer of young adult novels and a writing teacher .
John Howey is a Florida architect known as part of the group of architects at work since 1965 that followed the Sarasota School of Architects led by Paul Rudolph .
Paulo S. L. M. Barreto ( born 1965 ) is a Brazilian cryptographer and one of the designers of the Whirlpool hash function and the block ciphers Anubis and KHAZAD , together with Vincent Rijmen .
Albrecht Rosengarten ( 1809 - -1893 ) , was among the first Jewish Germans to be permitted to train and practice as an architect .
Vikas Gupta is an Indian American internet entrepreneur .
Martin Wines was a politician in the U.S. state of Indiana and one of the most prominent men in the early history of Greene County .
Marvin V. Rush A.S.C. is a director of photography , cinematographer , television director and a camera operator .
Eduard Vieta Pascual is a Spanish psychiatrist and a leading scientific authority on the neurobiology and treatment of bipolar disorder .
Sunil Barve ( Marathi : सुनील बर्वे ) is an Indian film , television and theatre actor , singer and producer .
Alejandro Tapia y Rivera ( November 12 , 1826 -- July 19 , 1882 ) was a Puerto Rican poet , dramaturg , essayist and writer .
A scientist , scholar , astrologer , philosopher and poet , Bardaisan was also renowned for his knowledge of India , on which he wrote a book , now lost .
N. T. Shanmugam is an Indian politician and former Minister of State for Food Processing Industries .
Mario Fantini was an Italian painter born in Firenze , Italy , lived and worked in Florence , Italy .
L. Q. Jones ( born Justis Ellis McQueen , Jr. on August 19 , 1927 ) is an American actor and director , best known for his work in the films of Sam Peckinpah .
Johnny Peebles was an Australian association football player .
Joey Benin or Joey B. is a Filipino bassist , singer , composer music producer and musical arranger .
Rick E. Carter ( July 1 , 1943 -- February 2 , 1986 ) was an American football and baseball player and coach .
Neşe Yaşın ( born Feb 12 , 1959 ) , is a well known Turkish Cypriot poet and author .
Julie Mundy is a British writer who focuses on 20th century history and pop culture , most notably Elvis Presley .
Jonathan Tropper ( born February 19 , 1970 ) is an American writer and an adjunct faculty member at Manhattanville College .
Mary Margaret O'Hara is a Canadian singer - songwriter and actress .
Pons de Capduelh ( fl . 1160 - -1220 or 1190 - -1237 ) was a troubadour from the Auvergne , probably from Chapteuil .
David Eisenbach is a historian and an expert on media and politics .
Charnvit Kasetsiri ( Thai : ชาญวิทย์ เกษตรศิริ , rtgs : Chanwit Kasetsiri ) ; born May 6 , 1941 , is a Thai historian .
Hong Nan - pa ( April 10 , 1897 -- August 30 , 1941 ) was a Korean composer , violinist , conductor , music critic and educator .
Hsiao - Lan Kuo ( Traditional Chinese : 郭曉嵐 , Simplified Chinese : 郭晓岚 , Pinyin : Guō Xiǎolán ) ( 1915 - -2006 ) , or GUO Xiaolan , was a prominent Chinese American mathematician , meteorologist .
Mamas K. Chandran , better known as Mamas is an Indian film director .
Edwin Henry Fitler ( December 2 , 1825 in Philadelphia -- May 31 , 1896 in the Torresdale section of Philadelphia ) was a Pennsylvania manufacturer of cordage and a politician .
Rahi Chakraborty ( Hindi : राही चक्रवर्ती ) is an Indian singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and music producer .
Paul W. Whear ( born November 13 , 1925 in Auburn , Indiana ) is an American composer , music educator , double - bassist , and conductor .
Japinder Kaur ( born December 17 , 1988 , Dubai , United Arab Emirates ) is an Indian film director , producer , writer , painter and co - founder of JAP FILMS LLC in Dubai .
José Rodríguez Pérez is a Chilean engineer and professor for electrical engineering at the Federico Santa María Technical University .
John William Saunders III ( April 1 , 1938 -- August 9 , 2009 ) , better known by the stage name John Quade , was an American character actor who starred in film and in television .
Krishna Singh Rawat ( also known as Kishen Singh ) was an Indian explorer and cartographer , what the British called a pundit , the cousin of the explorer Nain Singh Rawat .
Emil Handschin ( March 19 , 1928 -- May 27 , 1990 ) is an ice hockey player for the Swiss national team .
Timothy Farrar , Jr. ( March 17 , 1788 -- October 27 , 1874 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a judge in New Hampshire and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Odo of Glanfeuil was a ninth - century Benedictine abbot of Saint - Maur - des - Fossés , a historian , and hagiographer .
Peter Francis Williams is an amateur astronomer from New South Wales , Australia .
Brittany Underwood ( born July 6 , 1988 ) is an American actress and singer from New Jersey .
George Frederick Wright ( January 22 , 1838 -- April 20 , 1921 ) was an American geologist and a professor at Oberlin Theological Seminary , first of New Testament language and literature ( 1881 -- 1892 ) , and then of `` harmony of science and revelation '' ( until retirement in 1907 ) .
Abdel Ali Slimani ( Arabic عبد العلي سليماني , Algiers ) is an Algerian raï singer .
Allison Blakely is an academic historian .
Sartaj Garewal is a British actor and voice artist who works in films , TV , theatre and audio .
Melissa Louise Belote ( born October 16 , 1956 ) , also known by her current married name Melissa Belote Ripley , is an American former competition swimmer , three - time Olympic champion , and former world record - holder in two events .
Henry Hohauser was an architect in Miami Beach , Florida .
Vardi Kahana is an Israeli photographer .
Daniele Garozzo ( born 4 August 1992 ) is an Italian foil fencer , silver medallist at the 2015 European Championships .
Ali Akbar Bahman ( also Mirza Ali Akbar Khan ; b. 1883 - d. 1967 ) was an Iranian employee of the Foreign Ministry , diplomat and politician under the Qajar and Pahlavi dynasties .
Ashoke Sen , FRS ( Bengali : অশোক সেন ; born 1956 ) is an Indian theoretical physicist and distinguished professor at the Harish - Chandra Research Institute , Allahabad .
John Hunting ( 1935 ) is an English former football referee who operated in the Football League and for FIFA .
George Miksch Sutton ( May 16 , 1898 , Bethany , Nebraska -- December 7 , 1982 ) was an American ornithologist and bird artist .
Ed Amatrudo is an American actor , best known for his role as Glenn Goodman , the Juliette Barnes 's manager , in the ABC television drama series , Nashville .
Allen Ferdinand Owen ( October 9 , 1816 -- April 7 , 1865 ) was an American politician and lawyer who served in the United States Congress .
Samuel Zenas Ammen ( 1843 - 1929 ) was an American Confederate veteran and journalist .
Ghulam Rasool Santosh ( Kashmiri : ग़ुलाम रसूल संतोष ( Devanagari ) , غلام رسول سنتوش ( Nastaleeq ) ) ( 1929 -- March 10 , 1997 ) was a prominent Kashmiri Indian painter .
Yuliya Polishchuk is a London - based fashion designer , born in Ukraine .
Hyung - ki Joo is British - Korean pianist , composer , and one half of the duo Igudesman & Joo .
D. J. Leahy was a hurler from County Kerry .
Ramona DeSouza , more popularly known as Moné , is an American music recording artist and songwriter .
Doug Roxburgh ( born December 28 , 1951 ) is a Canadian accountant , champion amateur golfer , and golf administrator .
Upasana Singh is married to actor Neeraj Bharadwaj , who has acted in many serials on Doordarshan and a few Hindi and Bhojpuri films as hero and negative too .
Nicholas Serracino , AIA , was an American architect active in late - nineteenth- and early twentieth - century New York City .
Jean Touitou ( b. 1951 in Tunis , Tunisia ) is a Tunisian - French creative director and founder of A.P.C ..
Andrey Ermakov ( Russian : Андрей Андреевич Ермаков ) , ( born May 27 , 1987 ) is a Russian ballet dancer , a winner of ' Soul of Dance ' award ( Russian ' Ballet ' magazine , 2013 ) , who performs as a soloist with the Mariinsky Ballet ( formerly the Kirov Ballet ) .
Rudolph Minkowski ( born Rudolf Leo Bernhard Minkowski ; May 28 , 1895 -- January 4 , 1976 ) was a German - American astronomer .
Rachel Rice Dooley ( circa October 30 , 1888 - January 28 , 1984 ) was a vaudeville performer under the name Ray Dooley .
Bassary Touré ( born February 1 , 1950 , in Thiès , Senegal ) is a Malian economist and politician .
Ippolito Berrone is a former racing driver born in Genova , Italy .
John Billing , FRIBA was an architect from Reading , Berkshire .
Scooter Ward ( born Ronald Ward Jr. on May 7 , 1970 ) is an American musician , founding member and lead singer of the Jacksonville , Florida hard rock band , Cold .
Mike Barone is an American jazz musician and big band leader .
Ernst Christian Walz ( February 28 , 1802 -- April 5 , 1857 ) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist born in Münklingen , located in present - day Baden - Württemberg .
Edward Burch ( born June 9 , 1968 in Centreville , Illinois ) is an American musician and journalist .
Heather Hemmens is an American actress , film director and film producer .
Hadji Ali ( c. 1887 - -92 -- November 5 , 1937 ) was a vaudeville performance artist , thought to be of Egyptian descent , who was famous for acts of controlled regurgitation .
Ignacije Szentmartony ( October 28 , 1718 -- April 15 , 1793 ) was a Croatian Jesuit priest , missionary , mathematician , astronomer and explorer .
In 1991 , right after his graduation from secondary school , he began to work as a freelance artist and named himself DAIM .
Jim McBride ( born September 16 , 1941 ) is an American television and film director , film producer and screenwriter .
Sam Cranage is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Carlton in the Australian Football League .
Georgie Wolton ( née Cheesman ; born 1937 ) is a British architect , an original member of the architecture firm Team 4 .
Emerson Swinford , a native of Chicago , is a Los Angeles - based guitarist , composer / songwriter and producer .
Andy de Jarlis ( 1914 -- 1975 ) was a Canadian Métis fiddler from Woodridge , Manitoba .
Yuji Hirayama ( 平山ユージ ) , born on February 23 , 1969 is a Japanese rock climber , specializing in lead climbing competitions .
Marc Hoffman ( born April 16 , 1961 ) is a composer of concert music and music for film , pianist , vocalist , recording artist and music educator .
Nadira Isayeva or Isaeva ( Russian : Нади́ра Иса́ева ) is a Russian journalist who has been internationally recognized for her reporting on security issues in North Caucasus .
Ali Ardekani ( Persian : علی اردکانی‎‎ ; born October 29 , 1975 ) , best known by his stage name Baba Ali ( Persian : باب علی‎‎ ) , is an Iranian - born American comedian , games developer , businessman and actor .
Ryan Gage is an English actor who has most recently appeared in The Hobbit :
John Gittings is a journalist and author who is mainly known for his work on modern China and the Cold War .
William Kennedy Smith ( born September 4 , 1960 ) is an American physician whose work focuses on landmines and the rehabilitation of landmine victims .
Felix Standaert ( born July 7 , 1947 ) is a Belgian diplomat and former Belgian ambassador 1962 to Ruanda and 1977 - 1980 to the Holy See .
Gimel Androus Keaton ( born February 24 , 1974 ) better known by his stage name Young Guru , is an American audio engineer , record producer and DJ . Young Guru was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011 for his work on `` Empire State of Mind '' by Jay - Z and Alicia Keys .
Sostratus of Cnidus ( /ˈsɒstrətəs/ ; Greek : Σώστρατος ὁ Κνίδιος ; born 3rd century BC ) , was a Greek architect and engineer .
Marion Walter Jacobs ( May 1 , 1930 -- February 15 , 1968 ) , known as Little Walter , was an American blues musician , singer , and songwriter , whose revolutionary approach to the harmonica earned him comparisons to seminal virtuosos Django Reinhardt , Charlie Parker and Jimi Hendrix , for innovation and impact on succeeding generations .
Mani Gopal ( Telugu : డా.మని గోపాల్ ) , popularly known by his pen - name , Vanamali ( Telugu : వనమాలి ) is a Telugu lyricist and poet .
Alfred Stieglitz ( January 1 , 1864 -- July 13 , 1946 ) was an American photographer and modern art promoter who was instrumental over his fifty - year career in making photography an accepted art form .
Jawahir Ahmed ( Somali : Jawaahir Axmed , Arabic : جواهر احمد‎ ) is a Somali - American model .
Joe Rock ( December 25 , 1893 -- December 5 , 1984 ) was an American movie producer , director , actor , and screenwriter best remembered today for producing a series of 12 two reel comedies starring Stan Laurel in the 1920s .
Brooks Douglass ( born 1961 ) is an American film producer and actor , lawyer , businessman , and former state senator in Oklahoma .
Timothy Chambers is a philosopher who has written a number of articles which have appeared in the journals Mind ( 2000 , 2001 ) , the Monist ( 1998 ) , Philosophy ( 2001 ) , the Aristotelian Society Proceedings(2000 ) , and Ratio ( 1999 ) .
Jack Eric Williams ( March 28 , 1944 -- January 28 , 1994 ) was an American actor , composer and lyricist for stage and film .
Jesse Eisinger is an American journalist , currently a financial reporter for ProPublica .
Åsmund Asdal ( born 1957 ) is a Norwegian biologist and agronomist , employed at Nordic Genetic Resource Center ( NordGen ) as Svalbard Global Seed Vault(SGSV ) Coordinator .
Paul Chesterton is an English actor based in Surrey .
Professor Jean Venables ( born June 1948 ) CBE , BSc ( Eng ) , MSc , DSc , FREng , CEng , CEnv , FICE , FCGI , MCIWEM is a British civil engineer who in November 2008 became the 144th President of the Institution of Civil Engineers , the first woman to be elected to the position .
George Avakian ( Armenian : Գևորգ Ավագյան ; Russian : Геворк Авакян ; born March 15 , 1919 ) is an American record producer and executive known particularly for his work with Columbia Records , and his production of albums by Louis Armstrong , Miles Davis and other notable jazz musicians .
Israel Tanenbaum - Rivera ( born March 7 , 1961 ) is a Puerto Rican pianist , record producer , composer , arranger and audio engineer who has produced more than 50 albums and participated in over 100 recordings .
Christophe Bruno ( born 1964 ) is a French visual artist who works particularly in the medium of internet art , and described as the world 's first `` Human Browser '' .
John Dayton Cerna , often credited as J. D. Cerna , is an American actor and a writer .
Ella Mae Morse ( September 12 , 1924 -- October 16 , 1999 ) was an American popular singer .
Vincent Grantham ( by 1496 - 1550 ) , of Goltho and Lincoln , was an English politician .
Benedikt Kuripečič or Benedikt Kuripešić ( German : Benedict Curipeschitz von Obernburg ) was a 16th - century diplomat of the Habsburg Monarchy of Slovenian origin in Moscow and Istanbul .
Paul Russell Cutright ( March 18 , 1897 -- March 11 , 1988 ) was an American historian , biologist , and professor , who was especially known for his work on the Lewis and Clark Expedition history and scientific achievements .
Socrates ( /ˈsɒkrətiːz/ ; Greek : Σωκράτης ( sɔːkrátɛːs ) , Sōkrátēs ; 470/469 -- 399 BC ) was a classical Greek ( Athenian ) philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy .
Ashley Strand is an American actor and stand - up comedian based in New York .
Jonathan Eig ( born April 26 , 1964 ) is an American journalist and the author of four books .
Alan M. Portis ( July 17 , 1926 -- September 6 , 2010 ) was an American a solid - state physicist .
John Manning , Jr. ( July 30 , 1830 -- February 12 , 1899 ) was a North Carolina politician who briefly served in the United States House of Representatives in 1870 and 1871 .
Robin Lord Taylor ( born June 4 , 1978 ) is an American film and television actor and director , known for Accepted ( 2006 ) , Another Earth ( 2011 ) and Would You Rather ( 2012 ) .
James Newton Howard ( born June 9 , 1951 ) is an American composer , conductor , music producer and musician .
Eric Schermerhorn ( born April 11 , 1961 , Massachusetts , United States ) , is an American guitarist and composer .
Between 1945 and 1950 Mantle Hood studied Western music under composer Ernst Toch and composed several classical pieces .
Douglas Allanbrook ( April 1 , 1921 -- January 29 , 2003 ) was an American composer , concert pianist and harpsichordist .
Edmond Casarella ( September 3 , 1920 -- February 13 , 1996 ) was an American printmaker , painter , and sculptor .
María de Jesús Vásquez Vásquez ( December 20 , 1920 -- April 3 , 2010 ) , known by the pseudonym La Reina y Señora de la Canción Criolla , was a virtuoso Peruvian singer .
Mark Rothko ( /ˈrɒθkoʊ/ ) , born Markus Yakovlevich Rotkovich ( Russian : Ма́ркус Я́ковлевич Ротко́вич , Latvian : Markuss Rotkovičs ; September 25 , 1903 -- February 25 , 1970 ) , was an American painter of Russian Jewish descent .
Alessandro Polonini 's father , Eutimio Polonini ( or Entimio P. , born circa 1820 ) , was also an opera singer ( bass ) who sang in Italy , Paris , Saint Petersburg and London .
Christopher Cardozo ( born February 27 , 1948 ) is an American art collector , curator , photographer and author .
Lia Purpura ( born February 22 , 1964 , Mineola , New York ) is an American poet , writer and educator .
Ran Nakash ( born 1978 , French Naccache , Hebrew רן נקש ) is an Israeli cruiserweight boxer .
Diane Crump ( born 1948 ) is an American jockey and horse trainer .
Nicholas Walters ( born January 4 , 1986 ) is a Jamaican professional boxer and former WBA ( Super ) featherweight champion .
John Bernard Riley ( b June 11 , 1954 , Aberdeen , MD ) is an American jazz drummer , a music educator -- at the collegiate and conservatory levels -- and a music clinician .
Malcolm Ingram is a Canadian independent film director , and podcaster .
Neil Cohalan ( July 31 , 1906 -- January 22 , 1968 ) was a professional basketball coach .
Saint Guirec ( c. 6th century ) , according to oral tradition , was a Welsh monk who sought to establish a monastery in Celtic Brittany .
Luke Sela ( b. ? - June 6 , 2007 ) was a journalist and newspaper editor from Papua New Guinea .
Jan Nieuwenhuys ( January 8 , 1922 -- December 28 , 1986 ) was a Dutch painter and one of the early active founders of the Dutch Experimentalists group ( Reflex ) that later became part of CoBrA.
Simi Sara is a Canadian radio and television broadcaster , currently a talk radio host on CKNW in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Ndidi Onukwulu is a Canadian singer originally from Burns Lake , British Columbia .
Bjarni Herjólfsson ( fl . 10th century ) was a Norse - Icelandic explorer who is the first known European discoverer of the mainland of the Americas , which he sighted in 986 .
Chun Ge ( simplified Chinese : 春哥 ; Tongyong Pinyin : Chūn Gē ) , which means `` Brother Chun '' and is often translated as `` Spring Brother '' , is a nickname for the singer Li Yuchun , which subsequently became a popular Chinese Internet meme .
Albert Francis Judd ( 1838 - -1900 ) was a judge of the Kingdom of Hawaii who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court through its transition into part of the United States .
Bansi Kaul ( Kashmiri : बंसी कौल ( Devanagari ) , بنسی کول ( Nastaleeq ) ) ( born 1949 ) is a Hindi theatre director and the founder of Rang Vidushak , a theatre group and Theatre institute in Bhopal .
Alisha Sufit was the singer songwriter with the 1970s Magic Carpet ( band ) whose eponymous first album was released on the UK Mushroom label in 1972 .
JA - JA is a Japanese singer , most notably remembered for his song Paradise no Kakuritsu , part of the Patlabor theme soundtrack .
Elijah Samuel Burke ( born May 24 , 1978 ) is an American professional wrestler and color commentator , currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) as a commentator under the ring name `` The Pope '' D'Angelo Dinero .
Elias Brenner ( April 18 , 1647 -- January 16 , 1717 ) , was a Finnish painter , numismatist , and archeologist .
Dyanna Lauren ( born March 18 , 1965 ) is an American erotic dancer , pornographic actress , singer and director .
Marc Kaminsky is a poet , writer , psychotherapist , and gerontologist whose work ranges from editing a study of life review called The Uses of Reminiscence to poetry like A Table With People and The Road from Hiroshima .
Elliot Davis is a British composer , musician and music documentary maker .
Olga Karina Jelinek Yamaguchi ( Spanish pronunciation : ( kaˈɾina ʝeliˈnek ) , ( kaˈɾina xeliˈnek ) ; born March 22 , 1981 ) is an Argentine model , actress and television personality .
Robinson Savary ( born May 17 , 1969 ) is a French Film director , screenwriter , and photographer .
Vanessa Bruno is a Parisian clothing designer .
Glen Tetley ( born February 3 , 1926 , Cleveland , Ohio -- died January 26 , 2007 , Florida ) was an American ballet and modern dancer as well as a choreographer who mixed ballet and modern dance to create a new way of looking at dance , and is best known for his piece Pierrot Lunaire .
Jack Gelber ( April 12 , 1932 -- May 9 , 2003 ) was an American playwright best known for his 1959 drama The Connection , depicting the life of drug - addicted jazz musicians .
Joseph Smith Harris ( April 29 , 1836 -- June 1 , 1910 ) was an American surveyor , civil engineer , and railroad executive .
First Miniseries During the premiere of the play Mind Deception , actor and producer Malvino Salvador late on Thursday ( 11th ) , Rio de Janeiro , Marjorie Estiano took the opportunity to talk about the work of two that will air in January 2011 , called `` Amor em Quatro Atos '' ( Love in Four Acts ) .
Thomas Yatsko is an American cinematographer and television director , known for his work on television series like CSI :
Keith Ingham ( born February 5 , 1942 ) is an English jazz pianist , mainly active in swing and Dixieland revival .
LiliAna Rose ( born June 15 , 1984 ) is a folk - pop , singer - songwriter from New York City , of English and Italian descent .
Alessandro Leopardi ( sometimes called Leopardo ) ( 1466 -- 1512 ) was a Venetian sculptor , bronze founder and architect .
Abu Mansur Ali ibn Ahmad Asadi Tusi ( Persian : ابومنصور علی بن احمد اسدی طوسی‎‎ ) was a Persian poet , linguist and author .
Xie Shaoguang ( born 15 September 1961 ) , also known as Cha Shao - Kwong , is a retired Singaporean actor best known for acting in many Chinese - language television series produced by MediaCorp Channel 8 .
Lola Astanova ( Russian : Лола Астанова , born 1985 in Tashkent , former USSR ) is a Russian - American pianist , noted for her interpretations of compositions by Chopin , Liszt and Rachmaninoff , as well as piano transcriptions .
Anna M.M. Vetticad is an Indian film critic and journalist .
Peter Ludlow ( born January 16 , 1957 ) , who also writes under the pseudonym Urizenus Sklar , is a philosopher of language .
Božo Nikolić ( September 22 , 1946 -- November 17 , 2010 ) was a Croat sea captain and politician from Montenegro , and one of the founders of Croatian Civic Initiative .
Darrell Nulisch ( born September 14 , 1952 , Dallas , Texas ) is an American electric blues singer and harmonica player .
Ralph Henry Barbour ( Also wrote , with L.H. Bickford , as Richard Stillman Powell)(November 13 , 1870 -- February 19 , 1944 ) was an American novelist , who wrote popular works of sports fiction for boys .
Saint Gaspar del Bufalo ( January 6 , 1786 -- December 28 , 1837 ) , also known as Gaspare del Bufalo , was a Roman Catholic priest and the founder of the Missionaries of the Precious Blood .
Kurt Hirschhorn ( born 1926 ) , is an Viennese born American pediatrician , medical geneticist , and cytogeneticist who identified the chromosomal defects that underlie Wolf - Hirschhorn syndrome .
Nathaniel Dwayne Hale ( August 19 , 1969 -- March 15 , 2011 ) , better known by his stage name Nate Dogg , was an American rapper , singer , and actor .
Varun Sharma is an Indian actor who made his debut in Farhan Akhtar 's 2013 film production Fukrey , which was a surprise hit in Bollywood .
Ivan Franek ( born 1964 ) , sometimes credited as Ivan Franeck , is a Czech film and television actor ; he is also a cinematographer .
Gregory Sporleder ( April 24 , 1964 ) is an American actor notable for playing military men in films such as The Rock , Black Hawk Down and Renaissance Man , as well as Calvin Norris in the HBO series True Blood .
Meton of Athens ( Greek : Μέτων ὁ Ἀθηναῖος ; gen . : Μέτωνος ) was a Greek mathematician , astronomer , geometer , and engineer who lived in Athens in the 5th century BC . He is best known for calculations involving the eponymous 19-year Metonic cycle which he introduced in 432 BC into the lunisolar Attic calendar .
Marshalyn Yeargin - Allsopp is a medical epidemiologist and chief of the developmental disabilities branch at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , where she has worked since 1981 .
Brad Schimel ( born February 18 , 1965 ) is an American prosecutor and the current Wisconsin Attorney General , serving since January 5 , 2015 .
Nancy Sales Cash ( born March 28 , 1940 , in North Carolina , United States ) is an American novelist , journalist and television producer .
Much of Lagumot Harris 's active involvement in political leadership revolved around troubled issues surrounding the veteran Nauruan politician , seven - time President Bernard Dowiyogo .
George Francis Richardson ( December 6 , 1829 -- March 22 , 1912 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the nineteenth mayor of Lowell , Massachusetts , and as a member of the Massachusetts State Senate .
Jovan Erdeljanović ( Serbian : Јован Ердељановић , November 11 , 1874 - -February 12 , 1944 ) was an Austro - Hungarian , Serbian and Yugoslav ethnologist , considered the founder of ethnology of the Serbs .
Usamah Mohamad ( born c. 1980 ) is a Sudanese web developer , blogger , and citizen journalist from Omdurman arrested during the protests of June 2012 .
Guilhem Anelier de Tolosa ( also William or Guillaume ) was a troubadour from Languedoc .
Anna Rutgers van der Loeff ( 1910 - -1990 ) was a Dutch writer of children 's novels .
Tiffany Gooden ( born October 23 , 1975 ) was a professional basketball player in the ABL .
George Henry Warren II ( October 17 , 1856 -- June 2 , 1943 ) was a New York City stockbroker and real estate developer .
Harry Mills Walcott ( July 6 , 1870 -- November 4 , 1944 ) was a leading American painter and teacher in the first few decades of the 20th century .
Galaton ( Ancient Greek : Γαλάτων ) was an ancient Greek painter , whose picture representing Homer vomiting with other poets gathering up the vomit , is mentioned by Aelian ( V. H. xiii . 22 ) and by a scholiast to Lucian ( i. p. 499 , ed . Wetstein ) , who calls the painter Gelaton .
Cornelis de Jode was a cartographer , engraver and publisher from Antwerp .
George Berrell ( December 16 , 1849 -- April 20 , 1933 ) was an American actor of both the 19th and early 20th century stage and of the silent film era .
Shafiq Mureed ( Persian : شفیق مرید‎‎ ) is an Afghan singer and composer .
Napoleon Iłłakowicz ( born December 2 , 1811 , died November 7 , 1861 in Vilnius ) was a Polish painter , and decorator .
Connie Saltonstall is a Michigan Democratic politician , a former Charlevoix County Commissioner , and a former candidate for the United States House of Representatives from Michigan 's 1st congressional district .
Nataša Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Наташа Ђорђевић ) is a famous Serbian pop - folk singer .
James Kilbourne ( October 19 , 1770 -- April 9 , 1850 ) was an American surveyor and politician from Ohio .
Mariano de Aycinena y Piñol ( 1789 - 1855 ) was an important merchant and conservative politician from Guatemala .
Leonard Starr ( October 28 , 1925 -- June 30 , 2015 ) was an American cartoonist , comic book artist , and advertising artist , best known for creating the newspaper comic strip On Stage and reviving Little Orphan Annie .
Jose Maria Flores Lacaba , Jr. , better known as Jose F. Lacaba , is a Filipino poet , journalist , and screenwriter .
Willis Collins Hoover Kurt ( July 20 , 1858 -- May 26 , 1936 ) was an American Methodist missionary and pastor , founder of the Methodist Pentecostal Church of Chile and the Chilean Pentecostal movement .
Louise Groody began as cabaret dancer in New York and while still in her teens drew the attention of Broadway producer Charles Dillingham that led to a dancing role in the 1915 C. M. S. McLellan musical revue , Around the Map .
Goldie Hill ( January 11 , 1933 -- February 24 , 2005 ) , born Argolda Voncile Hill , was an American country music singer .
Josef Norris ( full name Anthony Josef Norris , born April 14 , 1965 ) is an American artist who has made public murals and mosaic portraits .
Charles Baehni ( August 21 , 1906 -- January 23 , 1964 ) was a Swiss botanist who made important contributions to scientific knowledge in the botanical field .
Dzvinia Orlowsky is a Ukrainian American poet , translator , editor , and professor .
Abbas Tyrewala is an Indian film storywriter , screenwriter , dialogue writer and director .
Gianfranco Piccioli is an Italian film director , film producer and screenwriter best known for such films as The Flower with the Petals of Steel , Beach House , Bix , and The Pool Hustlers .
Neal Pogue , born Neal Harrington Pogue , is an American hip - hop producer , audio engineer and mixer from Roselle , New Jersey based in Atlanta , Georgia .
Mona Borzouee ( Persian : مونا برزویی , ( born May 9 , 1984 ) ) is an Iranian poet and lyricist .
The Center is named after the Reverend Doctor Anna Howard Shaw , a Methodist minister , medical doctor , and suffragist .
Elwood Haynes ( October 14 , 1857 -- April 13 , 1925 ) was an American inventor , metallurgist , automotive pioneer , entrepreneur and industrialist .
Joseph Edward Billings was an architect in Boston , Massachusetts , in the mid-19th century .
Lorenzo Aragón Armenteros ( born April 28 , 1974 ) is a Cuban boxer , who was a two - time world champion in the welterweight ( 69 kg ) category .
Jyotirindranath Tagore ( Bengali : জ্যোতিরিন্দ্রনাথ ঠাকুর ) ( May 4 , 1849 -- March 4 , 1925 ) was a playwright , a musician , an editor and a painter .
Fabrício Werdum ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( faˈbɾisju veʁˈdũ ) ; born July 30 , 1977 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and the current UFC Heavyweight Champion .
François - Xavier - Antoine Labelle ( November 24 , 1833 -- January 4 , 1891 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and the person principally responsible for the settlement ( or `` colonization '' ) of the Laurentians .
Dwight Jaynes is a journalist and sportswriter in Portland , Oregon .
Elmer Gertz ( September 14 , 1906 -- April 27 , 2000 ) was an American lawyer , writer , law professor , and civil rights activist .
Gustave Preiss ( 1881 - -1963 ) was a Swiss cinematographer known for his work in Weimar Germany .
Franklin MacVeagh ( November 22 , 1837 -- July 6 , 1934 ) was an American politician , lawyer , grocer and banker .
Gauceran or Gauseran de Saint - Leidier was an Auvergnat castellan and troubadour from Saint - Didier - la - Séauve in the Bishopric of Velay .
Edyta Herbuś ( Polish pronunciation : ( ɛˈdɨta ˈxɛrbuɕ ) ; born February 26 , 1981 ) is a Polish dancer , model , and actress .
Miyu Nakashio ( born October 21 , 1996 ) is a Japanese figure skater .
Eugene Hugh Beaumont ( February 16 , 1909 -- May 14 , 1982 ) was an American actor and television director .
John Joye or Joyce ( fl . 1584 ) was an English politician .
Galleazzo Appiani was an Italian architect who worked in Poland .
Starr Parodi ( born Los Angeles , California ) is an American composer , conductor , arranger , music director and pianist .
Laura Cavendish , Countess of Burlington ( born 1972 ) was previously known as the model Laura Roundell , the daughter of City businessman Richard Roundell , deputy chairman of Christie 's and his wife Anthea , both of Dorfold Hall , a Jacobean house in Cheshire .
Farish Carter Tate ( November 20 , 1856 -- February 7 , 1922 ) was a Georgia state legislator , U.S. Representative and lawyer .
Ethan Stoller is an American composer , music editor and producer from Chicago , Illinois .
Shannon Applegate is an American author , lecturer , and historian from the state of Oregon .
Kommidi Narasimha Reddy , also known as Bhudhan Reddy , is an Indian politician affiliated with the Indian National Congress .
Pedro Sousa ( born May 27 , 1988 ) is a Portuguese professional tennis player who competes on the ATP Tour .
Said Tamghart is a French - Algerian rugby league player who currently plays for Halifax and is a French international .
Augustine Kortu ( born in Kailahun , Kailahun District , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean politician .
Edward Lee Thrasher Jr. ( March 7 , 1932 -- August 5 , 2006 ) , known as Ed Thrasher , was an American Art Director and photographer .
Tabarak Dar ( Urdu : تبآراک ڈار‎ ; born May 3 , 1976 ) is a Pakistani - born cricketer who played for Hong Kong .
Rajive Bagrodia , Ph.D. is an Indian - American computer scientist and entrepreneur .
Wolfgang Klausewitz ( born July 20 , 1922 ) is a German zoologist , ichthyologist , marine biologist and biohistorian .
Roin Metreveli ( Georgian : როინ მეტრეველი ) is a Georgian Academician and historian .
Lawrence Leritz ( born September 26 , 1962 ) is an American dancer , singer , actor , producer , director , fitness expert and choreographer .
Constance Anne Kemmerer , commonly known as Connie Kemmerer , is a businesswoman and philanthropist .
Bob Benoit ( born July 21 , 1954 in Topeka , Kansas ) was a professional bowler in the Professional Bowlers Association ( PBA ) in the 1980s and 1990s .
Carlos Cores ( April 19 , 1923 -- February 8 , 2000 ) was an Argentine film actor , and film director .
Lattanzio Mainardi ( fl . 16th century ) was an Italian painter of the late - Renaissance or Mannerist period .
Mayfa ' Abdel Rahman al - Qiyadi ( born 1951 ) is a Yemeni short story writer and journalist .
Chief Dr Edet Amana ( born December 11 , 1938 ) is a Nigerian engineer .
Monika Babok ( born November 30 , 1991 ) is a Croatian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events .
George Sherman ( July 14 , 1908 -- March 15 , 1991 ) was an American film director and producer of low - budget Western films .
Casey Sanchez is an American journalist who writes about race and poverty issues .
Robert D. Siegel ( born November 12 , 1971 ) is an American screenwriter for The Onion Movie and The Wrestler , as well as the writer and director of Big Fan .
Despina Vandi was selected to host the event along with actor Giorgos Kapoutzidis .
Peter David Heyn ( born June 26 , 1945 , Colombo ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played 18 unofficial tests from 1966 to 1976 , and two ODIs in the World Cup 1975 .
Rocky Dean ( born June 17 , 1978 ) is a British professional boxer from Thetford in Norfolk , England .
Daisy Fuentes ( born November 17 , 1966 ) is a Cuban - born American television host and model .
Nay Win Maung ( Burmese : နေဝင်းမောင် ; June 30 , 1962 -- January 1 , 2012 ) was a Burmese physician , businessman and pro - democracy activist .
Saroja Vaidyanathan ( September 19 , 1937- ) is a choreographer , guru and exponent of Bharatanatyam .
Billy Incardona ( born December 2 , 1943 ) is an American professional pool player .
Don Rittner is an American historian , archeologist , environmental activist , educator , and author living in the Capital District , Schenectady County , New York .
Yuriy Shumovskyi ( Ukrainian : Юрій Шумовський ) was a famous Ukrainian archaeologist and priest .
Taekjip Ha ( born February 20 , 1968 , Seoul , South Korea ) is a South Korean - born American biophysicist who is currently a Bloomberg Distinguished Professor of Biophysics and Biomedical Engineering at Johns Hopkins University .
Palusalue Fa’apo II is a Samoan politician and former Cabinet Minister .
Rob Howard ( born 1954 or 1955 ) is a Canadian politician who was elected to the 39th Parliament of British Columbia as the Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from the riding of Richmond Centre .
A. Mohammedjan is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly from Ranipet constituency .
John Burgee ( born August 28 , 1933 ) is an American architect noted for his contributions to Postmodern architecture .
Mayer Alter Horowitz is an American Hasidic rabbi .
Stanley Foster Reed ( 1917 - 2007 ) was an entrepreneur , inventor , and publisher who founded Reed Research Inc. in 1940 , `` Mergers & Acquisitions '' journal in 1965 , and `` Campaigns & Elections '' magazine in 1980 .
Cosimo Gamberucci ( 1562 - 1621 ) , a Florentine painter , was a scholar of Battista Naldini .
Nikki Flores ( born October 17 , 1988 ) is a Mexican - American pop singer , pianist , and songwriter .
Alireza Sabahi better known as Alec Cartio ( also known as Alexander Cartio ) , is an Iranian - Swedish music video and commercial and film director .
Michael Kesse Frimpong ( born November 29 , 1986 ) , better known by his stage name Kesse , is a Ghanaian recording artist , entertainer and composer .
Keitaro Harada ( 原田慶太楼 , born February 26 , 1985 ) is a Japanese conductor and is Associate Conductor of Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra Arizona Opera , Richmond Symphony Orchestra and Principal Guest Conductor of Sierra Vista Symphony Orchestra .
Duff McDonald is a Canadian American business journalist and writer based in New York .
Bill Fishman is an American film director , whose work includes the cult film Tapeheads , starring Tim Robbins and John Cusack , as well as the film version of the TV classic Car 54 , Where Are You ? .
Barry Cheesman ( born August 29 , 1959 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the Nationwide Tour and the PGA Tour , before getting into golf he was a minor league baseball player .
Juan Terranova ( born December 28 , 1975 ) is an Argentine writer , one of the newly appeared voices in Argentine contemporary Literature .
Charlotte Lembach ( born 1 April 1988 ) is a French sabre fencer , silver team medal in the 2014 World Fencing Championships and in 2014 European Fencing Championships .
Barry Kelley ( August 19 , 1908 -- June 5 , 1991 ) was an actor on Broadway in the 1930s and ' 40s and in films during the 1940s , 1950s , and 1960s .
Renetta Yemika Lowe - Bridgewater ( September 30 , 1982 -- December 20 , 2010 ) , known by the stage name Magnolia Shorty , was an American rapper in the New Orleans - based bounce music scene .
Manish Gandhi is an Indian theatre director and stage , film and TV actor .
Edward Jackson Lowell ( October 18 , 1845 , Boston -- May 11 , 1894 , Cotuit , Massachusetts ) was a United States ( Massachusetts ) lawyer and historian .
David Stromeyer ( born 1946 ) is an American abstract sculptor who is best known for his large - scale , outdoor , painted steel sculptures .
Roberta Williams ( born February 16 , 1953 ) is an American video game designer , writer and a co - founder of Sierra On - Line ( later known as Sierra Entertainment ) , who developed her first game while living in Simi Valley , California .
Tia Bajpai ( born Twinkle Bajpai ) is an Indian singer , television and film actress .
Matthew Santos is an American rock and folk singer - songwriter , musician and painter .
Matthias Pechmann is a retired German swimmer who won two medals in the individual medley events at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships .
Charles Lafortune ( born July 25 , 1969 ) is a Canadian actor and radio and television host .
Charles Wachsmuth ( September 13 , 1829 -- February 7 , 1896 ) was an American paleontologist born in Hanover .
Ted Griffin ( born December 21 , 1970 ) is an American screenwriter whose credits include Ravenous , Matchstick Men , and Ocean 's Eleven .
Giff Johnson is a Marshall Islands based editor and journalist .
Billy Peterson ( born as Willard Peterson , in Minnesota ) is an American bass player , songwriter , composer , session musician and producer .
Gunilla Hutton ( May 15 , 1944 ) is a Swedish - born American actress and singer , perhaps most notable for her roles as the second Billie Jo Bradley ( 1965 - -66 ) on Petticoat Junction ( 1963 - 70 ) and as a regular cast member in the television series Hee Haw until 1992 .
Master D. M. L. is an unidentified German painter of the Renaissance period .
Antonia Christina Basilotta ( born September 22 , 1943 ) , better known by her stage name Toni Basil , is an American singer - songwriter , actress , filmmaker , film director , choreographer , and dancer , best known for her multi - million selling worldwide No . 1 hit `` Mickey '' from 1982 .
Brette Taylor is an American actress and country music singer - songwriter .
Mathias Rüegg ( born 8th Dec. 1952 in Zurich ) is a European musician , composer , and bandleader best known as founder and director of the Vienna Art Orchestra from 1977 to 2010 .
Scott Pethybridge is a former rugby league player who played for four clubs over his career .
Alberto Breccia ( April 15 , 1919 -- November 10 , 1993 ) was an Uruguay - born Argentine comics artist and writer .
Shirley Mallmann ( born February 15 , 1977 ) is a Brazilian model of German descent .
Giuseppe Antonio Capuzzi ( also Capucci ; August 1 , 1755 -- March 28 , 1818 ) was an Italian violinist and composer .
Marli Harwood ( born Marilena Buck , Lytham St Annes , Lancashire , England ) , also known as Marli Buck , is a British singer and songwriter .
Amber Lynn ( born Laura Lynn Allen on September 3 , 1964 ) is an American pornographic film actress , model , and exotic dancer .
Dorothy Ann Purser is a screenwriter who was born in Hammond , Louisiana .
Tony Tixier is a French jazz pianist born in 1986 .
Peter D. Sieruta , ( October 13 , 1958 -- May 25 , 2012 ) was an American writer and book critic .
Marc Geiger is an American music executive , talent agent , and entrepreneur .
Walter Olkewicz ( born May 14 , 1948 ) is an American actor who played Marko in Wizards and Warriors and Coach Wordman in Making the Grade .
Stanley Milgram ( August 15 , 1933 -- December 20 , 1984 ) was an American social psychologist , best known for his controversial experiment on obedience conducted in the 1960s during his professorship at Yale .
Tadesse Alemu ( Amharic : ታደሠ ዓለሙ ? ) was an Ethiopian singer from Wollega who sang traditional Ethiopian songs , sometimes Christian - based , in an upbeat pop - music style with the modern - day electronic instrumentation that is characteristic of today 's Ethiopian popular music .
Aki Ville Yrjänä ( born 30 July 1967 in Kemi ) , better known by the stage name , A. W. Yrjänä ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈɑːʋeː ˈyrjænæ ) ) , is a poet and the singer , bassist , and primary songwriter of the Finnish rock band CMX .
Jennifer Saul is a philosopher working in the philosophy of language and in the philosophy of feminism .
Eddy Offord is a former record producer and recording engineer , who worked on some of the most famous progressive rock albums of the 1970s , often at London 's Advision Studios .
Eric Assmus ( Russian : Эрих А. Асмус ? --1937/1939 , literally Erih Asmus ) was a Soviet diplomat of German descent .
Hermann Szobel is / was a pianist and composer .
Tyrin Turner ( born July 17 , 1971 ) is an American actor from South Central , Los Angeles who has appeared in movies since 1989 .
Erdal Merdan ( April 8 , 1949 - March 24 , 2010 ) was a German dramatist , actor and stage director of Turkish origin .
Laura Zigman is an American novelist and freelance journalist who lives outside Boston , Massachusetts .
Alexander Monroe Dockery ( February 11 , 1845 -- December 26 , 1926 ) was an American physician and politician from the state of Missouri .
Onasander or Onosander ( Greek : Ὀνήσανδρος Onesandros or Ὀνόσανδρος Onosandros ; fl . 1st century AD ) was a Greek philosopher .
Kiripi Katembo , also known as Kiripi Katembo Siku , ( June 20 , 1979 -- August 5 , 2015 ) was a Congolese photographer , documentary filmmaker and painter .
Olga Gurski ( 1902 - 1975 ) ( Gursky , O. Kriukow , Ольга Сергіївна Гурська ) was a Ukrainian painter .
Morshedul Islam ( Born : December 1 , 1958 ) is a Bangladeshi film director .
Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus ( 383/384 - after 402 ) was a politician of the Roman empire , member of the influential family of the Symmachi .
Tom Cassell , also known as TheSyndicateProject , Tom Syndicate or sometimes simply Syndicate , is a British YouTuber and vlogger .
Daniela Rhodes FRS is a distinguished structural and molecular biologist .
Liang Bo ( Chinese : 梁博 ; pinyin : Liáng Bó ; born March 25 , 1991 ) also known Bruce Liang , is a Chinese pop rock singer - songwriter .
Allison Lefcort ( born May 14 , 1975 ) is an American `` Pop Art '' painter who has made works of rock stars , singers , political figures and Disney characters .
A. B. MacDonald ( born c. 1861 ; date of death unknown ) was a journalist for the Kansas City Star who won a Pulitzer Prize for Reporting in 1931 for `` his work in connection with a murder in Amarillo , Texas . ''
Philip Benedict is an American historian of the Protestant Reformation in Europe , currently holding the title of Professor Emeritus ( profeseur honoraire ) at the University of Geneva 's Institute for Reformation History ( l'Institut d'histoire de la Réformation ) .
César Octavio Müller Leiva mostly known under the pseudony Oreste Plath ( 30 August 1907 -- 29 September 1996 ) was a Chilean writer and folklorist .
Paula Aboud ( born March 20 , 1950 ) is an American politician who was a member of the Arizona Senate , representing the 28th District .
Margarita Ortigas ( generally known as Marga Ortigas ) is a Filipino broadcast journalist , currently working for Al Jazeera English .
Minhyong Kim is a South Korean mathematician who specialises in arithmetical algebraic geometry .
Noam Lanir ( born February 18 , 1967 ) is an Israeli entrepreneur and the controlling shareholder and CEO of Livermore Investment Group , formerly known as Empire Online .
Killian Wells is a pop singer , songwriter , record producer , and entrepreneur from New York City .
H.G. Nicolson ( dates of birth and death unknown ) was a Burmese cricketer , although where he was born is unknown .
Floyd Martin Thornton was a British screenwriter and film director , often credited as F. Martin Thornton .
Florian Mistelbauer ( born November 20 , 1983 in Vienna ) is an Austrian figure skater who competed in men 's singles .
Ilton Wjuniski ( born June 22 , 1960 ) is a Brazilian - born French harpsichordist .
Derek Mulligan is a former Westmeath junior Gaelic footballer and an Australian rules footballer .
Andrew James Trauth , commonly known as A.J. Trauth ( born September 14 , 1986 ) is an American actor and musician .
Ali Kazak ( Arabic : علي القزق ) was a senior Palestinian diplomat .
Graham Elwood ( born August 5 , 1969 ) is an American comedian , actor , podcaster , and writer .
Henry Folliott , 3rd Baron Folliott ( died 17 October 1716 ) was an Irish nobleman and politician .
Michael Heart ( born Annas Allaf , Arabic : أنس علاف‎ ) is a Syrian American singer - songwriter , recording artist , guitarist , Oud player , producer and audio engineer based in Los Angeles , CA .
Stéphane Poulin ( born 1961 ) is a Canadian children 's book author and illustrator living in Quebec .
Kavi Shastri , ( born 19 February 1986 ; London , UK ) is a British film and television actor who has acted in the Indian Hindi Film Industry .
Eva M. Clayton ( born September 16 , 1934 ) is a politician from the state of North Carolina .
Michael Bramwell ( ) is an American visual artist based in North Carolina .
David H. Kirn is an American entrepreneur and scientist .
Peter Krogh ( born November 9 , 1960 ) is an American photographer , author , public speaker , filmmaker and publisher .
Vojin Jelić ( November 27 , 1921 -- December 19 , 2004 ) was a Croatian Serb writer and poet .
Aaron Fox is an American ethnomusicologist , anthropologist , and linguist .
Kalidas Chattopadhyay(Bengali : কালিদাস চট্টোপাধ্যায় ) , better known as Kali Mirza ( Bengali : কালী মীর্জা ) , was an 18th - century composer of tappā music in Bengal .
Henry Janeway Hardenbergh ( February 6 , 1847 - March 13 , 1918 ) was an American architect , best known for his hotels and apartment buildings .
Michael Donovan `` Spike '' Feresten Jr. is an American television writer , screenwriter , comedian and television personality , who is best known for hosting the late night Talkshow With Spike Feresten from 2006 to 2009 on Fox .
Michel Bourdon ( September 19 , 1943 - -November 29 , 2004 ) was a union leader , journalist , and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Clyde A. Wheeler ( March 12 , 1921 - August 26 , 2013 ) was an American congressional relations expert , lobbyist , and member of the White House staff .
Fabio Luigi Rapi ( born 1902 ) , Italian automobile designer .
Elias Slothower ( born October 17 , 1815 ) was an American farmer and politician .
Paul Virant ( born February 25 , 1970 ) is the chef and owner of Vie in Western Springs , Illinois and Perennial Virant in Chicago .
Fray Pedro de los Ríos ( died 1563 - -1565 ) was a Domician missionary in Mexico in the mid-16th century .
Daniel McNicoll is an independent film producer , screenwriter and director most known for his film Reclaiming the Blade .
Leonid Pavlovich Sabaneyev ( Леонид Павлович Сабанеев ; 1844 -- 1898 ) was a Russian zoologist who made extensive contributions to the study of hunting in Russia .
Andrew Skwish is an American illustrator and photographer .
Elke Voelker ( born April 3 , 1968 in Lampertheim , Hesse ) is a German organist , church musician and musicologist .
Riley Griffiths ( born May 14 , 1997 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Charles Kaznyk in the 2011 film , Super 8 .
Klaus Volk ( born 1944 ) is a German jurist , professor at University of Munich and defense lawyer specialized in commercial - law - related criminal cases .
Hari Dhillon ( Punjabi : ਹਰੀ ਢਿੱਲੋਂ ( Gurmukhi ) , ہری ڈھلوں ( Shahmukhi ) , हरी ढिल्लों ( Devanagari ) ) , also rendered Hari Dillon or Harry Dillon , is an American television , film and stage actor , best known for playing Michael Spence in British television medical drama series Holby City .
Bernard McElligott was a Gaelic footballer and hurler from Abbeydorney in North County Kerry , Ireland .
Dan Pulcrano is a journalist , publisher , newspaper owner and Web executive in San Jose , California .
Bob Kloppenburg ( born July 28 , 1927 ) is an American professional basketball coach , who served as an interim head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers in the early 1980s .
Eric Hutchinson ( born September 8 , 1980 ) is an American singer - songwriter who plays soulful pop music .
Gregory Hanlon ( Born 1953 ) , is a Canadian behavioural and military historian of early modern Europe , author of 6 books on various facets of behaviour in France and Italy from the sixteenth to the eighteenth century .
Andrzej Kurylewicz ( born 24 November 1932 in Lwów , died 12 April 2007 in Konstancin - Jeziorna ) , was a Polish composer , pianist , trombonist , trumpet player and conductor .
Fershgenet Melaku , better known as LoLa Monroe , is an Ethiopian - American rapper , model and actress .
Frederick Charles Denison CMG , MP ( November 22 , 1846 -- April 15 , 1896 ) was a Canadian militia officer , lawyer , and politician .
Hui Chiu - yin BBS ( Chinese : 許招賢 ) , also known as John Hui , is the director and general manager of New World First Ferry in Hong Kong after his retirement from the post of Chief Superintendent of Marine Regional in Hong Kong Police Force in 1996 .
Chandra Siddhartha ( born C. Chandra Sekhar Siddhartha ) is an Indian film director , screenwriter and producer , known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema .
Jane Sterk ( born January 14 , 1947 ) is a Canadian psychologist , businesswoman , academic , and politician .
Joy Mathew is an Indian film director , film and theatre actor , playwright , and political activist .
Arthur Jasmine ( April 4 , 1899 in St. Paul , Minnesota -- August 19 , 1954 in Los Angeles , California ) was an American film actor .
Dominique Lashawn Clark ( born March 15 , 1991 ) , better known by her stage name Dominique Young Unique , is an American rapper and model .
Lee Te Maari ( born July 28 , 1985 ) is a professional rugby league player who plays for the Parramatta Eels .
Gustav Wilhelm Ludwig Struve ( November 1 , 1858 -- November 4 , 1920 ) was a Russian astronomer , part of the famous Baltic German Struve family .
Carl J. Couch ( June 9 , 1925 - September 15 , 1994 ) a noted American sociologist , was the founder of the New Iowa School of Symbolic Interaction .
Jean Bethke Elshtain ( January 6 , 1941 -- August 11 , 2013 ) was an American ethicist , political philosopher , and public intellectual .
Howard Thomas Orville ( June 16 , 1901 -- May 24 , 1960 ) was an American naval officer and meteorologist .
Paolo Padovani is an Italian astronomer working at the European Southern Observatory , specializing in the study of Active galactic nuclei including the study of quasars and blazars , evolution and multifrequency studies and extragalactic backgrounds . In 2004 he and several other astronomers discovered 30 supermassive blackholes at the European Astrophysical Virtual Observatory using pioneering techniques .
Claudia Alejandra Menkarski ( born July 21 , 1968 ) , commonly known as Claudia Brant , is an Argentine composer , producer and singer of international acclaim .
Chiu Ping - kun ( Chinese : 邱炳坤 ; pinyin : Qiū Bǐngkūn ; born January 2 , 1964 ) is a famous Taiwanese archer .
Johnny Wiggs ( July 25 , 1899 - October 10 , 1977 ) was a jazz musician and band leader .
Saulo do Amaral Freire Oliveira Souza ( born March 22 , 1989 ) , best known as Saulo Roston , is a Brazilian pop singer and songwriter .
Rajko Maksimović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Рајкo Максимовић ; July 27 , 1935 , Belgrade ) is a composer , writer , and music pedagogue .
Claude Pierson ( 1930 - -1997 ) ( also known as Caroline Joyce , Carolyne Joyce , Carolyn Joyce , Andrée Marchand , André Marchand and Paul Martin ) was a French film director , writer and producer .
Edwin Decena is an American music video and independent film director .
Andreas Schuller ( known by his producer name Axident ) is a Norwegian songwriter and music producer based in Los Angeles .
Eddie Shaw ( born March 20 , 1937 in Stringtown , Mississippi , United States ) is an American Chicago blues tenor saxophonist .
Zoltán Pál Dienes ( anglicized as Zoltan Paul Dienes ) ( June 21 , 1916 - January 11 , 2014 ) was a Hungarian mathematician whose ideas on education ( especially of small children ) have been popular in some countries .
Gerti Deutsch ( also known as Gertrude Helene Deutsch and Gertrude Hopkinson ) ( 1908 - 1979 ) was an Austrian - born British photographer .
Thomas Whitehead ( December 27 , 1825 -- July 1 , 1901 ) was a nineteenth - century politician , lawyer , editor and merchant from Virginia .
Suma Bhattacharya is an Investment Banker turned model and film actress .
Jugge Nohall , born Mark Erik Jörgen Nohall , September 6 , 1964 in Stockholm , is a Swedish singer and artist , who has written a song for the Swedish national final of the Eurovision song contest , participated in two reality shows ( Club Goa ) on Swedish television and worked as a radio talkshow host .
Ellen Chenoweth is a prominent American casting director .
Allen Barra is an American journalist and author of a number of sports books .
Karen Burstein ( born July 20 , 1942 ) is a politician and former judge from New York .
Peter Salway , FSA ( born 1932 ) is a British historian , who specialises in Roman Britain .
Berhanu Dinka ( June 4 , 1935 -- July 8 , 2013 ) was an Ethiopian diplomat and economist .
Diego Sanchez ( born December 31 , 1981 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist with a background in Wrestling and Gaidojutsu , system of submission wrestling developed by his longtime trainer Greg Jackson .
Jerry Reed Hubbard ( March 20 , 1937 -- September 1 , 2008 ) , known professionally as Jerry Reed , was an American country music singer , guitarist , and songwriter , as well as an actor who appeared in more than a dozen films .
Uriel Miron ( Hebrew : אוריאל מירון‎ ; born 1968 ) is an Israeli artist and sculptor .
Sam Gross ( born August 7 , 1933 ) is an American cartoonist , specializing in single - panel cartoons .
Diane di Prima ( born August 6 , 1934 ) is an American poet and artist .
Dick Curtis ( May 11 , 1902 -- January 3 , 1952 ) was an American actor who made over 230 film and television appearances during his career .
Lokesh ( Kannada : ಲೋಕೇಶ್ ; 19 May 1947 -- 14 October 2004 ) was an Indian stage actor turned film actor , who appeared in Kannada feature films .
Abdul Mati Klarwein ( April 9 , 1932 -- March 7 , 2002 ) was a painter best known for his works used on the covers of music albums .
Alexey Shaydulin or Alexei Shajdulin ( b ) is a Bulgarian amateur boxer best known to win a silver medal at the World Championships 2005 and a bronze medal at the European Championships 2006 at featherweight .
Rashard Bradshaw , better known as Cakes da Killa is an American rapper based in Englewood , New Jersey .
John Okehurst ( fl . 1397 ) was an English politician .
Louis Delaunay - Belleville ( November 20 , 1843 , Corbeil - February 10 , 1912 , Cannes ) was a French engineer .
Saul Leiter ( December 3 , 1923 -- November 26 , 2013 ) was an American photographer and painter whose early work in the 1940s and 1950s was an important contribution to what came to be recognized as the New York School of photography .
Matan Porat ( Hebrew : מתן פורת‎ ) , is an Israeli pianist and composer .
Michael T. Ullman ( born July 29 , 1962 , San Francisco , California ) is an American neuroscientist whose main field of research is the relationship between language , memory and the brain .
Karenjit Kaur Vohra ( born May 13 , 1981 ) , better known by her stage name Sunny Leone ( pronounced /ˈsəniːliːˈoʊnˈiː/ ) , is an Indo - Canadian Bollywood actress and model , and former porn actress .
Damares ( IPA : ( dɐ̃maɾɨs ) born Damares Alvez Bezerra de Oliveira ; January 30 , 1980 , Umuarama ) is a Brazilian gospel singer .
Massimo Polidoro ( born March 10 , 1969 ) is an Italian psychologist , writer , journalist , television personality , co - founder and executive director of the Italian Committee for the Investigation of Claims of the Pseudoscience ( CICAP ) .
Nicole Perlman is an American screenwriter , best known for Guardians of the Galaxy .
Charles Goodan is an American , Los Angeles -- based , Grammy Award winning musician , record producer , composer , singer , songwriter , engineer and multi - instrumentalist who has worked with many acclaimed artists such as Beck , The Rolling Stones , David Fincher , Morphine and Linkin Park .
Badr bin Saud al Busaidi ( Arabic : السيد بدر بن سعود بن حارب‎ ) is an Omani politician , currently Minister Responsible For Defense .
William Leon Dawson ( 1873 - -1928 ) was a noted American ornithologist , author and lecturer .
Alice Shrestha ( Nepali : एलिश श्रेष्ठ ; born September 4 , 1985 ) is a Nepalese swimmer , who specialized in breaststroke events .
Thomas Sayers Ellis ( born Washington , D.C. ) is a poet , photographer , and Assistant Professor of Creative Writing at Sarah Lawrence College in Yonkers , New York , and a core faculty member of the Lesley University Low Residency MFA Program in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Jamyang Kyi is a noted Tibetan singer , feminist and writer , journalist , and a prominent television broadcaster .
Jung Sung - il ( October 21 , 1969 ) is a South Korean retired competitive figure skater .
Rodney Jerkins ( born July 29 , 1977 ) , also known by his stage name Darkchild , is an American record producer , songwriter and musician .
Clay Blair , Jr. ( May 1 , 1925 -- December 16 , 1998 ) was an American historian , best known for his books on military history .
Brian Conway is a contemporary Irish fiddler .
Germano D'Abramo ( born May 25 , 1973 ) is an Italian mathematician and physicist .
Paul Cantelon ( born December 25 , 1959 ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music , a film score composer and an actor He is also a violinist , pianist , and accordionist , and a founding member of the American alternative band Wild Colonials .
Denis Cotter is an Irish celebrity chef , author , television personality and proprietor of the acclaimed vegetarian Café Paradiso restaurant in Cork City .
Philip Grausman ( born July 16 , 1935 ) is an American sculptor who continues to push the limits of the time - honored portrait in art . His early work focused on natural forms representing buds and seeds , and this exploration led him to the underlying structure and form of the human head .
Dr. James Madison DeWolf ( January 14 , 1843 -- June 25 , 1876 ) was an acting assistant surgeon in the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment who was killed in the Battle of the Little Big Horn .
Iann Barron is a British computer engineer and entrepreneur , born in June 1936 .
Luciano De Ambrosis ( born 28 March 1937 ) is an Italian film actor and voice actor .
Linda Hill - MacDonald ( born August 21 , 1948 ) is a women 's basketball coach , currently the head coach at Fredonia She was the head coach at the University at Buffalo from 2005 - 12 .
While in Bristol , Lolene began singing backing vocals for Martina Topley - Bird ( vocalist for Tricky ) and also collaborated with local drum and bass pioneer Roni Size .
Mark Rashid is an American horse trainer and clinician from Colorado .
Catherine Stephens , Countess of Essex ( 1794 - -1882 ) was an English operatic singer and actress .
Trish Goff ( born June 8 , 1976 ) is an American former model , actress , and real estate broker .
Tony Vitale ( born Anthony Neal Vitale ; May 24 , 1964 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , and producer .
William Henry Battle ( 23 February 1855 -- 1936 ) was an English surgeon and teacher .
Damion Dietz is a writer and film director known for his award - winning underground / indie films .
Willis Barnstone ( born November 13 , 1927 ) is an American poet , memoirist , translator , Hispanist , and comparatist .
William Beau Mirchoff ( /ˈboʊ ˈmɜːrtʃɒf/ ; born January 13 , 1989 ) is an American - Canadian actor best known for his role in the MTV series Awkward .
Luis G. Abbadie ( born August 13 , 1968 ) is a Mexican writer specializing in horror , paganism , pseudobibliographies and paramythologies , including horror and fantasy short stories .
Brad Daymond ( born Bradley Daymond Ralph ) is a Canadian musician , songwriter , producer and remixer also known as `` Riprock '' .
Abdelfattah Mourou ( Arabic : عبد الفتاح مورو ) is a Tunisian lawyer and politician and a co - founder of Ennahdha Party and is currently its Vice - President .
Salo Wittmayer Baron ( May 26 , 1895 -- November 25 , 1989 ) was an American historian , described as `` the greatest Jewish historian of the 20th century '' .
Øjvind Winge ( 1886 - 1964 ) was a Danish biologist and a pioneer in yeast genetics .
Robert R. Neall ( born June 26 , 1948 ) is an American politician and Democrat who served as state senator , state delegate and county executive of Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
Commander Grant Edwards is a high - ranking Australian law enforcement officer and former elite athlete and strongman competitor and entrant to the World 's Strongest Man competition .
Noh Hee - kyung ( born March 21 , 1966 ) is a South Korean television screenwriter and essayist .
Noah Lyon ( born September 11 , 1979 ) is a multidisciplinary artist based in New York City .
Zdravko Zupan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Здравко Зупан , February 7 , 1950 -- October 9 , 2015 ) was a Yugoslav comic book creator and historian .
James E. Tolman ( November 8 , 1867-February 21 , 1956 ) was an American lawyer , and politician who served as the mayor of Gloucester , Massachusetts and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Kharaj Mukherjee or Kharaj Mukhopadhyay is Bengali actor , songwriter , composer and singer .
John Edward Szeles ( born September 9 , 1958 ) , better known by the stage name The Amazing Johnathan , is an American stand - up comedian / magician .
Méav Ní Mhaolchatha ( /ˈmeɪv niː ˈweɪlxɑːhɑː/ MAYV nee WAYL - khah - hah ) , mononymously known as Méav , is an Irish singer , songwriter and recording artist specialising in the traditional music of her homeland .
Theresa Harris ( December 31 , 1906 -- October 8 , 1985 ) was an American television and film actress , singer and dancer .
Kelly Starling Lyons , born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania is a writer and children 's book author .
Alberto Castagna ( December 23 , 1945 -- March 1 , 2005 ) was an Italian television host and journalist .
Rich Zvosec ( born March 13 , 1961 ) is a television broadcaster for ESPN and Fox Sports , motivational speaker and a Telly Award winning actor , a former American college basketball coach and college administrator .
Heidi Collins ( born Heidi Elmquist ; June 1 , 1967 ) was an American correspondent and anchor for KMSP - TV Fox 9 News in Minneapolis --
Herschel Daugherty ( October 27 , 1910 -- March 5 , 1993 ) was an American television and film director and occasional actor .
Kurt Andersen ( born August 22 , 1954 ) is an American novelist who is also host of the Peabody - winning public radio program Studio 360 , a co - production between Public Radio International and WNYC .
Paul N. Luvera ( born 1935 ) is an American trial lawyer based in Seattle .
Thriller Manju ( born Manjunatha Kumar ) is an Indian film actor , martial artist , director , screenwriter , stunt coordinator , choreographer known for his works predominantly in Kannada cinema , few Telugu and Tamil films .
Amsale Aberra ( born 1954 ) is an Ethiopian - born American fashion designer and entrepreneur .
Branko Tomović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранко Томовић ; born June 17 , 1980 ) is a German - Serbian actor .
Justin Summerton is a surrealist painter who depicts a dreamlike world in his work , often presenting New Zealand as a primeval landscape .
Joseph Wilson Morris ( born April 28 , 1922 ) is an American attorney , arbitrator and former United States federal judge .
James Aubrey Simmons ( July 8 , 1897 -- November 30 , 1979 ) was a Canadian politician , notary and magistrate .
Anne Hills is an American folk singer - songwriter .
Frederick William Savidge ( 1862 -- 1935 ) was a pioneer English Christian missionary in northeast India .
David P. Hurford is a psychologist and researcher who specializes in dyslexia / reading difficulties and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
William Otis ( 1813 - -1839 ) was an American inventor of the steam shovel .
Alan Fairbairn was an English cricketer active from 1947 to 1951 who played for Middlesex in 21 matches as a lefthanded batsman .
Uladislao Augier ( July 4 , 1826 -- January 5 , 1908 ) was an Argentine politician and the first National Deputy for the province of Catamarca .
Mortezâ Varzi ( December 30 , 1922 -- January 3 , 2004 ) was an Iranian musician and kamancheh player .
T. F. Gilroy Daly ( February 25 , 1931 - July 11 , 1996 ) was a lawyer and United States District Judge in Connecticut who , as a trial lawyer , was noted for winning the freedom of a man wrongly convicted of murder in 1976 .
Barclay Tagg ( born December 30 , 1937 in Lancaster , Pennsylvania ) is an American thoroughbred horse trainer .
Leonard Hokanson ( August 13 , 1931 -- March 21 , 2003 ) was an American pianist who achieved prominence in Europe as a soloist and chamber musician .
Israel Nash ( born 1981 ) is the recording and performing stage name moniker of American singer , songwriter , and guitarist Israel Nash Gripka .
Heather Rae is an American film producer , director , and actress .
Jean Henrion is a former French figure skater .
Randy Goldberg ( born June 28 , 1960 ) is an American astrologer based in Washington D.C. , who has appeared on CNN , The Washington Post and ( ( National Public Radio ) ) .
George Chuvalo , CM ( born September 12 , 1937 ) is a retired Canadian professional boxer who was a five - time Canadian heavyweight champion , and two - time world heavyweight title challenger .
Jaswant Rai was an Indian field hockey player , who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 1952 Olympic Games .
John Martin O'Keefe ( born 1946 ) is a United States diplomat and a career foreign service officer .
Gavin Allen is an Australian former rugby league player of the 1980s and 90s .
Hans Eppinger Jr. ( January 5 , 1879 - -September 25 , 1946 ) was an Austrian physician who performed experiments upon concentration camp prisoners .
Elizabeth Elmore ( born April 30 , 1976 ) is an American singer / songwriter , recently with the rock bands The Reputation and Sarge .
Mark Klempner is a folklorist , oral historian and social commentator .
Jerzy Treder ( April 14 , 1942 -- April 2 , 2015 ) was a Polish philologist and linguist , focusing on Kashubian studies , among other interests .
Damian Hess ( born December 3 , 1973 ) , better known by his stage name MC Frontalot , is a Brooklyn - based hip hop musician and self - proclaimed `` world 's 579th greatest rapper '' .
Christine Sutton is a particle physicist who has edited the CERN Courier since 2003 .
Wael Koubrousli / Kobrosly is a Lebanese swimmer who has competed in the 2008 Olympic Games and the 2012 Olympic Games .
Gail Kim - Irvine ( née Kim ; born February 20 , 1977 ) is a Canadian professional wrestler , professional wrestling valet , model and actress of Korean descent currently working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) , where she is the current TNA Knockouts Champion in her fifth reign .
Haaz Sleiman ( in Arabic هاز سليمان ) is a Lebanese - American television and film actor .
Huang Yaojiang ( simplified Chinese : 黄耀江 ; traditional Chinese : 黃耀江 ; pinyin : Huáng Yàojiāng ; Jyutping : Wong4 Yiu6 Gong1 ; born March 21 , 1982 in Guangdong ) is a Chinese Sabre fencer .
Brent Michael Davids ( born June 4 , 1959 in Madison , Wisconsin , United States ) is an American composer and flautist .
Alfonso López III ( born May 16 , 1982 , in Corpus Christi , Texas ) , is a Mexican American boxer in the Super Middleweight division and is the current WBC Continental Americas Super Middleweight Champion .
Maurice Martenot ( French : ( maʁtəno ) ; October 14 , 1898 -- October 8 , 1980 ) was a French cellist , a radio telegrapher during the first World War , and an inventor .
Moira Lambert is a British singer and recording artist .
John Patterson MacLean ( March 12 , 1848 -- August 12 , 1939 ) was an American Universalist minister and archaeologist and historian .
Dariusz Ratajczak ( November 28 , 1962 -- 2010 ) was a Polish historian ( formerly of the University of Opole ) , publicist and right - wing activist .
Annika Small is a social entrepreneur who explores how digital technologies can be used to address big social challenges .
Gary Hooser has lived through two hurricanes , survived the challenges of running a small business , and has been an active politician in the state of Hawaiʻi .
Donald L. Coles , also known as Don Coles , is a Canadian poet and a novelist .
Marco Aurelio Martínez Tijerina ( 1964/65 -- July 11 , 2010 ) was a Mexican journalist , who was abducted and murdered in the northern city of Montemorelos .
Martín de Aguilar ( fl . 1603 ) was a Spanish explorer whose log contains one of the first written descriptions of the coast of the U.S. state of Oregon .
Elisebeht Markström , ( born December 14 , 1955 ) is a Swedish social democratic politician who has been a member of the Riksdag since 1995 .
David G. Deininger ( born July 9 , 1947 ) is a retired Republican politician and jurist from Wisconsin .
Samuela Matakibau is a former Fijian police officer , who held the position of Assistant Police Commissioner Operations .
Howell Binkley is a professional lighting designer in New York City .
Geefwee Boedoe is an animator and illustrator .
Ian Wolfe ( November 4 , 1896 -- January 23 , 1992 ) was an American actor with about 400 film and television roles .
Oh Kwang - rok ( born August 28 , 1962 ) is a South Korean actor .
Perry Redd ( born Perry Dawhayne McCreary , August 25 , 1964 ) is an American social change activist and organizer , and songwriter .
In 1947 , Julius Shulman asked architect Raphael Soriano to build a mid - century steel home and studio in the Hollywood Hills .
Kevon Edmonds ( born 1958 ) is an American singer and actor and is an older brother of famous producer / songwriter / singer Kenneth `` Babyface '' Edmonds .
Rajat Bedi is an Indian film actor who acts in Bollywood films .
Fredrik Erixon is a Swedish economist , writer , and director of ECIPE .
Jay Oliva is a Filipino - American storyboard artist , a film producer and animated film director working for Warner Brothers Animation .
Shin Ji ( born Lee Jee - Seon on November 18 , 1981 ) is a South Korean singer and lyricist .
Ali Hamroyev ( sometimes spelled Ali Khamrayev in English ) ( Uzbek : Ali Hamroyev , Али Ҳамроев ; Russian : Али Хамраев ) ( born May 19 , 1937 ) is an Uzbek actor , film director , screenwriter , and film producer .
Mohammad Akbar Lone is an Indian politician in the state of Jammu and Kashmir and belongs to National Conference political party .
Renee Torres married film actor Edward Ashley in 1943 in Acapulco , Mexico .
Rev. Ivan Stang , born Douglass St. Clair Smith ( August 21 , 1953 ) is an American writer , filmmaker and broadcaster , best known as the author and publisher of the first screed of the Church of the SubGenius .
Mahmud Tukur is a Nigerian politician and former minister for Commerce and Industry during the administration of General Buhari .
William E. Sheridan ( June 1 , 1839 -- May 18 , 1887 ) , was an American stage actor and Civil War veteran , active on stage from 1858 until his death in 1887 .
Bambi Monroe Smith ( born Taylor Ashley Horn on October 12 , 1992 in Redlands , California ) is an American singer - songwriter , actress and vlogger / blogger .
Michael Barnathan is a film producer who has produced and executive - produced films such as The Help , Used People , the first three Harry Potter films , Rent , Cheaper by the Dozen and Night at the Museum .
Rudolph Frank Moore ( March 17 , 1927 -- October 19 , 2008 ) , known as Rudy Ray Moore , was an American comedian , musician , singer , film actor , and film producer .
Joseph C. Boteler III ( born June 30 , 1949 ) is an American politician who was elected in 2002 to represent District 8 of the Maryland House of Delegates in Baltimore County along with Alfred W. Redmer , Jr ..
Giacomo Argente was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , specializing in portrait miniature .
Suzannah Lipscomb ( born 1978 ) is a British historian and television presenter who has written and appeared in a number of television series about British history .
Moses Tunda Tatamy ( c1690 - 1760 ) or Tashawaylennahan was a Lenape translator and guide .
Gene Healy is an American political pundit , journalist and editor .
John Benitez ( born November 7 , 1957 ) , also known as Jellybean , is an American drummer , guitarist , songwriter , DJ , remixer and music producer of Puerto Rican descent .
Dezider Hoffmann ( most often credited as Dezo Hoffmann or Dežo Hoffmann , 1918 - 1986 ) was a Slovak photographer , photojournalist and cameraman from Czechoslovakia .
Stephen Hilton is a composer , record producer , musician and programmer .
Claudio Arrau León ( February 6 , 1903 -- June 9 , 1991 ) was a Chilean pianist known for his interpretations of a vast repertoire spanning the baroque to 20th - century composers , especially Beethoven , Schubert , Chopin , Schumann , Liszt and Brahms .
Jayne Modean ( born October 15 , 1957 , in Hartford , Connecticut ) is an American model and actress who got her break as a fashion model in the late 1970s , appearing on four Seventeen covers in 1977 .
Arthur Kingsley Porter ( 1883 -- 1933 ) was an American art historian and medievalist .
Joel Kroeker is a Canadian singer / songwriter .
DeAngelo Samuel , ( born January 4 , 1988 ) better known by his stage name Nyzzy Nyce ( aka Nyzzy ) , is an American rapper from Fort Wayne , Indiana .
Agustin Gasull was a historical painter of Valencia .
Alan Fudge ( February 27 , 1944 -- October 10 , 2011 ) was an American actor known for being part of the cast of four television programs :
Jaffar Suleiman ( born in Poona ) was an Indian cricketer .
Jeffrey Reiner is an American film director , editor , screenwriter , television director and producer .
Alvin Brooks ( born August 6 , 1959 ) is a basketball coach and former head coach of the University of Houston 's men 's team .
Edith Oß ( 1914 - -2012 ) was a German dancer and film actress .
Heather Hart is a visual artist who works in a variety of media including interactive and participatory installation , drawing , collage , and painting .
Michael Corris is an artist , art historian and writer on art . He is Professor and Chair of the Division of Art , Meadows School of the Arts , Southern Methodist University , Dallas , Texas , United States .
Mark Brisbourne is an English horse trainer and former jockey who is based in Shrewsbury , Shropshire , England .
Eduardo Georgetti ( October 11 , 1866 -- 1937 ) , was an agriculturist , businessman , philanthropist , and politician .
Elliot G. Jaspin ( born May 27 , 1946 ) is a Pulitzer Prize - winning American journalist .
Harry Oliver ( April 4 , 1888 -- July 4 , 1973 ) was an American humorist , artist , and Academy Award nominated art director of films from the 1920s and 1930s .
Dr Gary Lambert is a rugby footballer , poker player and chiropractor who represented the United States in the 1987 Rugby World Cup .
Rick Wohlhuter ( born December 23 , 1948 ) is a retired American middle - distance runner who competed mainly in the 800 meters .
Donatus Buongiorno ( born Donato Buongiorno , November 11 , 1865 ) was an Italian - born American painter of the late 19th and early 20th centuries who divided his time between Naples and New York .
William Bradford Reed ( June 30 , 1806 -- February 18 , 1876 ) was an American attorney , diplomat , academic and journalist .
Sudhir Mishra is an Indian film director and screenwriter known for directing critically acclaimed films like Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi , Dharavi and Chameli .
Daggubati Venkatesh is an Indian film actor known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema .
Siegfried Trebitsch ( 1868 - -1956 ) was an Austrian playwright , translator , novelist and poet .
Hank Mills ( April 9 , 1936 -- November 11 , 2005 ) was the pen name taken by country songwriter Samuel Garrett .
Sertan Baykara ( born 1980 in West Germany ) is a broadcast journalist and presenter based in London , UK .
Oscar Spirescu ( 1874 - September 7 , 1918 ) was a Romanian conductor and composer who took his own life in 1918 .
Carlo Aquino ( born Carlo José López Aquino , 3 September 1985 ) is a Filipino actor and musician known for being the lead singer of the band Kollide and formerly on JCS with John Prats and Stefano Mori .
Cyrus Griffin ( July 16 , 1749 -- December 14 , 1810 ) was a lawyer and judge who served as the last President of the Continental Congress , holding office from January 22 , 1788 , to November 2 , 1788 .
Béla Pásztor ( born February 27 , 1938 ) is a Hungarian politician , who currently serves as Chairman of the Council then Mayor of Veresegyház since September 1 , 1965 .
Flávio Chamis is a Brazilian composer and conductor .
Patrick Adiarte ( born August 2 , 1943 ) is an American theater , film and television actor and dancer , known for his portrayal of foreign or Asian characters in various roles in film and television .
Dihan Avishka Gunawardene ( born May 26 , 1977 in Colombo ) is a former professional Sri Lankan cricketer .
Patthe Bapurao ( November 11 , 1868 - -December 22 , 1941 ) was a Marathi singer - poet in the Tamasha musical theatre genre .
Mel Byars ( born in Columbia , South Carolina ) , American design historian Byars studied journalism in the 1950s at the University of South Carolina .
Rohitash Gaud , also sometimes credited as Rohitashv Gaur or Rohitashv Gour , is an Indian television and film actor , best known for portraying the role of Mukundilal Gupta , in the SAB TV sitcom Lapataganj --
Derek Buckner is an American realist painter in New York City .
Jason Scott Lee ( Chinese : 李截 ; pinyin : Lǐ Jié , born November 19 , 1966 ) is an American actor and martial artist .
Harry Standjofski ( born May 22 , 1959 ) is a Canadian - born actor and voice actor as well as a theater director and playwright .
John Geometres or Kyriotes ( Greek : Ιωάννης Γεωμέτρης/Κυριώτης , fl . 2nd half of 10th century ) , was a Byzantine poet , soldier , and monk .
Miguel Frasconi ( born May 29 , 1956 in New York City ) is an American composer who often uses improvisation , electronics , and experimental musical instruments .
Nils Fredrik Aurelius ( born 1946 ) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party , member of the Riksdag in 1991 , and then again 1994 - -2006 .
Dindo Yogo , with his real name Théodore Dindo Mabeli , ( December 30 , 1955 in Lokutu -- August 23 , 2000 ) was a Congolese singer and musician .
Denise McCluggage ( January 20 , 1927 -- May 6 , 2015 ) was an American auto racing driver , journalist , author and photographer .
Elena Surgutskaya is a Russian dancer and choreographer .
Eugen Klagemann ( 1902 - -1980 ) was a German cinematographer and still photographer .
Omar Sangare is a Polish actor and director , who graduated from The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw , where he studied with the Oscar winning director , Andrzej Wajda .
Joe Winter is a British educationist and poet who has translated poets Rabindranath Tagore and Jibanananda Das .
Ayisha Osori is a Nigerian lawyer and journalist .
His new band , The Scam , formed with Erna on vocals , Robbie Merrill on bass , local guitarist and friend Lee Richards on guitar , and Tommy Stewart on drums quickly changed its name to Godsmack , after recording one demo .
Rhys Carpenter ( August 5 , 1889 -- January 2 , 1980 ) was an American classical art historian and professor at Bryn Mawr College .
Shyamal Mondal is an Indian politician and was Minister of State for Sunderban Affairs ( Independent Charge ) and the Minister of State for Irrigation and Waterways in the Government of West Bengal .
Martin Schadt ( born 1938 ) is a Swiss physicist and inventor .
Alfred Henschke ( November 4 , 1890 -- August 14 , 1928 ) , better known by his pseudonym Klabund , was a German writer .
Ernest Adolphus Sturge , M.D. , Ph.D. ( April 29 , 1856 - October 11 , 1934 ) was a physician and Presbyterian missionary who built hospitals in Asia .
They had a son , Collins Denny , Jr. , who became a pro - segregationist lawyer in Virginia .
Paul K. Wright is a mechanical engineer best known for work on the UC Berkeley - based CyberCut / CyberBuild project , which established a set of standards that streamlined the conversion of creative manufacturing designs into rapid prototyping .
Ralph Stover ( January 10 , 1760 -- November 7 , 1811 ) was an American Justice of the Peace and politician in Pennsylvania .
Kay McMahon ( born October 27 , 1948 ) is an American professional golfer and Director of Instruction at eduKaytion Golf at the Cranwell Resort and Golf Club in Lenox , Massachusetts .
Liam Dowling ( born 25 January 1931 ) is an Irish former hurler who played as a full - forward for the Cork senior team .
Ronald L. Cohen is a social psychologist whose research is focused on justice .
Emily Bear ( born August 30 , 2001 ) is an American composer and pianist , who has achieved wide notice at an early age .
Delwar Jahid ( Bengali : দেলোয়ার জাহিদ , born February 6 , 1957 in Norshingdi , Bangladesh ) is a Bangladeshi - born Canadian journalist and author known for his research and publications on human rights , contemporary world politics , press freedom and conflict resolution .
Udi Davidi ( Hebrew : אודי דוידי‎ ) is an Israeli singer , musician , lyricist and composer .
Isaiah Israel Broussard ( born August 22 , 1994 ) , known professionally as Israel Broussard , is an American actor , best known for portraying one of the lead roles in Sofia Coppola 's crime film The Bling Ring ( 2013 ) , inspired by the real robberies of Hollywood celebrities by a group of California teenagers .
Giulio Fiesco ( possibly born ? 1519 , fl . 1550 - -1570 ) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance , active in Ferrara , known for his madrigals .
Thomas Coffin Amory ( October 6 , 1812 -- August 20 , 1889 ) was an American lawyer , politician , biographer , and poet born in Boston , Massachusetts to Jonathan Amory and Mehitable ( Sullivan ) Cutler .
Richard Abruzzo ( May 19 , 1963 - -2010 ) was an American balloonist .
Bill Dooks ( born January 24 , 1956 in Musquodoboit Harbour , Nova Scotia ) is a Canadian politician , who served as the Progressive Conservative member for Eastern Shore in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1999 to 2009 .
Étienne Martin ( 1913 - -1995 ) was a French non - figurative sculptor .
Tiglath - Pileser I ( /ˈtɪɡləθ paɪˈliːzər/ ; from the Hebraic form of Akkadian : Tukultī - apil - Ešarra , `` my trust is in the son of Esharra '' ) was a king of Assyria during the Middle Assyrian period ( 1114 - -1076 BC ) .
Antony Gordon Hawksworth , better known as Tony Hawks , ( born 1960 ) is a British comedian and author .
Burt Ovrut is an American theoretical physicist most famous for his work on heterotic string theory .
Barbara Johnson ( October 4 , 1947 -- August 27 , 2009 ) was an American literary critic and translator , born in Boston .
Sara Beck , better known by her stage name , Pink Nasty is an American singer - songwriter .
Lord Nicholas Wayman - Harris is a British film editor based in Santa Monica , California .
Maria Angelina Soares ( ca . 1910 - 1985 ) was a Brazillian feminist , anarchist , and writer .
Arthur Stanley Riggs ( 1879 -- November 8 , 1952 ) was an American writer , editor and historian , noted for his biographies of Titian and Velázquez .
Kim Warp is an American cartoonist whose work has appeared in Barron 's Magazine , Harvard Business Review , The New Yorker , Reader 's Digest , and elsewhere .
Sam Cardon is a composer whose credits include 15 large - format films :
Franklin Jacobs ( born December 31 , 1957 ) is a former high jumper from the United States .
Jules Asner ( born February 14 , 1968 ) is an American television personality , writer , and former fashion model .
William Abner Eddy ( January 28 , 1850 -- December 26 , 1909 ) was an American accountant and journalist famous for his photographic and meteorological experiments with kites .
Perri Pierre , born on December 28 , 1988 , in Brooklyn , NY , Perri Pierre is an award - winning filmmaker and actor .
Eugene Gordon Lee ( October 25 , 1933 -- October 16 , 2005 ) was an American child actor , most notable for appearing in the Our Gang ( Little Rascals ) comedies as Porky from 1935 to 1939 .
Gordon Gair Sr . ( August 17 , 1916 -- April 23 , 2009 ) was a Canadian lacrosse player and who has been inducted in the Canadian Lacrosse Hall of Fame .
Leith Mullings is an author , anthropologist and professor .
Edgar Prestage ( 1869 - -1951 ) was a British historian and Portuguese scholar .
Vicumpriya Perera ( Sinhala:විකුම්ප්‍රිය පෙරේරා ) ( 19 February ) is a Sri Lankan born mathematician , lyricist , music producer and a poet .
José Ignacio Zenteno del Pozo y Silva ( July 28 , 1786 -- July 16 , 1847 ) , was a Chilean soldier , politician and hero of the Chilean War of Independence .
Breehn Burns is an American screenwriter , director , voice artist , producer and illustrator .
C. V. Vishveshwara is an Indian scientist and black hole physicist .
Michael Woolson began his career as an acting coach teaching at the Larry Moss Studio in 1998 after spending 10 years as a working actor .
Herbert P. Wasgatt ( August 26 , 1865 -- December 21 , 1934 ) was an American shoe manufacturer and politician who served as the eleventh Mayor of Everett , Massachusetts and was a member of the Massachusetts Governor 's Council .
Albert Maltz ( October 28 , 1908 -- April 26 , 1985 ) was an American playwright , fiction writer and screenwriter .
Walter Harper ( 1893 -- October 25 , 1918 ) ( Koyukon ) was an Alaska Native mountain climber and guide .
Anthony Stephens ( born 9 July 1986 ) is a British swimmer who has participated in three Paralympic Games , winning five medals .
Venitia Govender is a South African social justice and human rights activist .
Jože Koprivnikar ( born in Šmartno , Slovenia , on Saturday , February 3 , 1945 ) is a Slovenian economist .
Charles David Keeling ( April 20 , 1928 -- June 20 , 2005 ) was an American scientist whose recording of carbon dioxide at the Mauna Loa Observatory first alerted the world to the possibility of anthropogenic contribution to the `` greenhouse effect '' and global warming .
Harvey Weinstein , CBE ( born March 19 , 1952 ) is an American film producer and film studio executive .
Zlatko Sirotić ( February 19 , 1945 ) is a Croatian painter and illustrator .
William R. Forstchen ( born October 11 , 1950 in Millburn , New Jersey ) is an American historian and author who began publishing in 1978 as a contributor to Boys ' Life .
The Master of Schloss Lichtenstein ( fl . c. 1430 -- 1450 ) was an Austrian late Gothic painter .
Lawrence Whistler ( born December 5 , 1951 ) , better known by the ring name Larry Zbyszko , is an American professional wrestler and author perhaps best known for his feud with his mentor , wrestling legend Bruno Sammartino during the early 1980s .
Ida Nilsen is a Canadian indie pop singer - songwriter and musician .
Roshan Seth is an Indian - born British actor , who appears mainly in British and American films .
Herbert Huber ( December 4 , 1944 -- July 15 , 1970 ) was an Austrian former alpine skier and Olympic medalist .
Josiah Gilbert Holland ( July 24 , 1819 -- October 12 , 1881 ) was an American novelist and poet who also wrote under the pseudonym Timothy Titcomb .
James Bradley Orman ( November 4 , 1849 -- July 21 , 1919 ) was an American politician and railroad builder .
Karl Baur ( November 13 , 1911 -- October 12 , 1963 ) was a German Test Pilot , flight instructor and engineer .
Ashot Avagyan ( Armenian : Աշոտ Ավագյան ; born May 20 , 1958 ) is an Armenian painter .
Tom Gross is a British - born journalist , international affairs commentator , and human rights campaigner specializing in the Middle East .
Marcello Couto Antony de Farias better known as Marcello Antony ( born 28 January 1965 ) is a Brazilian actor .
Bodil Ipsen ( 1889 - -1964 ) was a Danish actress and film director , and is considered one of the great stars of Danish cinematic history .
Patricia Collinge ( September 20 , 1892 -- April 10 , 1974 ) was an Irish - American actress and writer , best known for her role as the tragic alcoholic `` Birdie Hubbard '' in The Little Foxes .
Hugh Brody is a British anthropologist , writer , director and lecturer .
Héctor García García ( born 3 May 1963 in Guadalupe , Nuevo León ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PRI .
Woodrow Wilson Rawls , ( September 24 , 1913 -- December 16 , 1984 ) was an American writer best known for his books Where the Red Fern Grows and Summer of the Monkeys .
Makase Nyaphisi was a Basotho diplomat and until 2012 the ambassador of Lesotho to Germany , Austria , France , Poland , Monaco , the Holy See , and Russian Federation , presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 5 February 2010 .
Jean Barman is a historian of British Columbia .
He is shown to be Silvermane 's henchman and was with him when Spider - Man stopped Silvermane 's limo resulting in a brief fight between Spider - Man and Man Mountain Marko .
Judith Jarvis Thomson ( born October 4 , 1929 ) is an American moral philosopher and metaphysician .
Arthur Apfel ( born on 29 October 1922 in Johannesburg ) is a British figure skater .
Henry Armetta ( July 4 , 1888 -- October 21 , 1945 ) was a Sicilian - born American character actor who appeared in at least 150 American films , starting in silents around 1915 to 1946 , when his last film was released posthumously .
Antônio Castilho de Alcântara Machado de Oliveira ( May 25 , 1901 -- April 14 , 1935 ) was a Brazilian journalist , politician and writer .
Juliana Chen is a Chinese magician , who was born in the Hunan province of China .
Bill Lignante ( born March 20 , 1925 ) is an American artist notable for his varied career as a comic book illustrator , comic strip artist , animator and television courtroom sketch artist .
Paul Piccone ( January 17 , 1940 -- July 12 , 2004 ) was an Italian - American philosopher , critical theorist , intellectual historian , and most notably the founder and long - time editor of the journal TELOS .
Udo Recker is a German archaeologist ( M.A. University of Bonn 1995 , Ph.D. University of Bonn 1999 ) .
Jimmy Robbins ( born James Michael Robbins on September 3 , 1989 , in Raleigh , North Carolina ) is an American singer - songwriter and producer .
Agnieszka Biedrzycka is a Polish historian and writer from the Institute of History of the Polish Academy of Sciences ( PAN ) .
Will Earhart ( April 1 , 1871 - April 23 , 1960 ) was a pioneering American music educator .
Lidia Borda ( born 1966 ) is an Argentine tango singer .
Michael McCullers ( born 1971 ) is an American comedy film screenwriter .
Richard Riker ( September 9 , 1773 in Newtown , Queens County , New York -- September 26 , 1842 in New York City ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Kara Laricks was a fourth grade elementary school teacher for ten years before she quit to become a fashion designer .
Lawrence K. Jones is an American counseling psychologist , career assessment developer , and writer of international standing .
Tom Leopold is an American comedy writer , performer , and novelist .
Meg Wolfe is an choreographer , performer , and artistic director based in Los Angeles , CA .
Tinius Olsen ( December 7 , 1845 -- October 20 , 1932 ) was a Norwegian - born American engineer and inventor .
Flory Jagoda ( born Flora Kabilio on 21 December 1923 ) is a Bosnian Jewish - American guitarist , composer and singer - songwriter .
Perla Parthasarathy Reddy is a Telugu Desam Party politician from Kadapa district in Andhra Pradesh .
Geraldine Hunt ( born February 10 , 1945 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American R&B singer best known for the 1980 # 1 Hot Dance Music / Club Play hit `` Ca n't Fake the Feeling '' .
Samir Radwan ( Arabic : سمير رضوان‎ ) is an Egyptian politician who served in the government of Egypt as Minister of Finance from January 2011 to July 2011 .
Rico Barrera ( born Frederick Barrera on December 29 , 1984 ) is an Olongappese actor , the first housemate evicted from the 12 housemates of Pinoy Big Brother ( season 1 ) 2005 .
William Guybon Atherstone ( 1814 - -1898 ) medical practitioner , naturalist and geologist , one of the pioneers of South African geology and a member of the Cape Parliament .
Gargi Vachaknavi ( born about 700 BC ) was an ancient Indian philosopher .
John U. Bascom M.D. , FACS , was an American surgeon and researcher who pioneered new understanding and treatment of pilonidal disease .
David Rayfiel ( September 9 , 1923 -- June 22 , 2011 ) was an American screenwriter and frequent collaborator of director Sydney Pollack ( 1934 - -2008 ) .
Parkash Kaur ( Punjabi : ਪ੍ਰਕਾਸ਼ ਕੌਰ ) was a Punjabi singer .
Peter Peter ( born Peter Roy c. 1984 ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter known for his French pop / rock compositions .
Christopher Cain ( born Bruce Doggett ; October 29 , 1943 ) is an American screenwriter , actor , director , and singer .
John Bartlet , also John Bartlett , ( fl . 1606 - 1610 ) was an English Renaissance composer .
Chih Ree Sun ( May 6 , 1923 -- January 5 , 2007 ) was a Chinese American physicist most noted with breaking new ground in modern physics as a professor at the State University of New York in Albany , he danced his way through life and spent time writing Chinese poetry after he retired .
Jürgen Cain Külbel is a German former criminal investigator of the GDR , who became an investigative journalist after the reunification of Germany .
Robert N. Hall ( born December 25 , 1919 ) is an American engineer and applied physicist .
Andrey Dumalkin ( born November 3 , 1972 in Moscow ) is a Russian rugby league player currently playing for RC Lokomotiv Moscow in the Championship of Russia competition .
Amrita Rao ( pronounced ( əmriːt̪a ːraːʋ ) ) is an Indian film actor and model .
Penny Mickelbury ( born 1948 ) is an African - American playwright and mystery novelist who worked as a print and television journalist for ten years before concentrating on fiction writing .
Lisa M. Hansen is an American film producer , production manager , actor , director , writer , and craft service person .
Muanpair Panaboot ( Thai : เหมือนแพร พานะบุตร ; rtgs : Mueanphae Phanabut , born January 1 , 1988 ) is a Thai pop singer who released her debut album in 2009 .
Kevin Huizenga ( born March 29 , 1977 in Harvey , Illinois , USA ) is an American cartoonist , best known as the creator of the comics character Glenn Ganges , who appears in most of his work .
Héctor Echavarría ( born December 6 , 1969 ) is an Argentine actor , producer , filmmaker , activist , businessman , screenwriter , philanthropist , former Martial arts Champion of the World , and a martial arts master .
On 14 August 1944 the illegal paper Information printed a warning against Jane Horney , claiming her to be a spy and informant , and describing her social circle .
Dr. Harry Ostrer is a medical geneticist who investigates the genetic basis of common and rare disorders and , in the diagnostic laboratory , translates the findings of genetic discoveries into tests that can be used to identify people 's risks for having a disease prior to its occurrence or for predicting its outcome once it has occurred .
Willa Muir ( 1890 - -1970 ) was a Scottish novelist , essayist and translator .
Yasmeen Hameed is a Pakistani Urdu poet .
Keo Pich Pisey ( born May 17 , 1982 ) is a Cambodian actress , model , and former dancer .
Lois Hamilton ( October 14 , 1952 -- December 23 , 1999 ) was an American model , author , aviator , artist and actress .
Pedro Pablo Morales , Jr. ( born December 5 , 1964 ) is an American former competition swimmer , Olympic gold medalist , world champion , and former world record - holder .
Hezekiah Augur ( February 21 , 1791 -- January 10 , 1858 ) was an early American sculptor and inventor .
Charles Goodnight , also known as Charlie Goodnight ( March 5 , 1836 -- December 12 , 1929 ) , was an American cattle rancher in the American West , perhaps the best known rancher in Texas .
Michael Avon Oeming is an American comic book creator , both as an artist and writer .
Indrasish Roy ( Bengali : ইন্দ্রাশিস রায় ) is a Bengali film and television actor .
John Charles Dent ( November 8 , 1841 -- September 27 , 1888 ) was a journalist , author and historian .
Nicola Verlato was born in Verona and began painting at a very early age , learning from Fra ' Terenzio , a painter in the monastery of Franciscan monks of Lonigo .
S Ravi Mariya , is an Indian film director , actor and writer primarily working in Tamil and Malayalam cinema .
The Quatermass Experiment is a British science - fiction serial broadcast by BBC Television during the summer of 1953 and re - staged by BBC Four in 2005 .
Call to Greatness was a reality television show on MTV .
The Cannon and Ball Show was a successful comedy varitey show on ITV featuring the double act ( and duo ) of Bobby Ball and Tommy Cannon .
Tommy Lee Goes to College is an NBC reality television show that began broadcasting on Tuesday , August 16 , 2005 and on VH1 on Friday , August 19 , 2005 .
Funjabbi Chak De is a Hindi entertainment comedy show that aired on STAR One every Friday at 8:00 PM IST .
Coscinocera is a genus of large moths from the Saturniidae family , that are found in Australasia .
Menemerus is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae , the jumping spiders .
Balmea is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae containing the single species Balmea stormae .
Barnebya Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description , taxonomy , phylogeny , and nomenclature Anderson , W. R. , and B. Gates .
Zygoballus is currently classified in the subfamily Dendryphantinae of the family Salticidae ( jumping spiders ) .
Stephopoma is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Siliquariidae , the `` slit worm shells '' or `` slit worm snails '' .
Plant 's gulella snail , scientific name Gulella plantii , is a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
The Conchos shiner ( Cyprinella panarcys ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Rhachidosoraceae is a family of ferns in the order Polypodiales .
The Cape dune mole - rat ( Bathyergus suillus ) is a species of solitary burrowing rodent in the family Bathyergidae .
The Tucumán mountain finch ( Compsospiza baeri ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae .
Dregea is a genus of vines in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus with this name in 1838 .
The Virgin Islands dwarf sphaero or Virgin Islands dwarf gecko ( Sphaerodactylus parthenopion ) is a species of gecko and also one of the smallest terrestrial vertebrates .
The Solomons white - eye or New Georgia white - eye ( Zosterops kulambangrae ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Bean yellow mosaic virus ( BYMV ) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae .
Anisolabididae is a family of earwigs , in the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera .
The Niue rail ( Gallirallus huiatua ) is an extinct species of flightless bird in the Rallidae , or rail family .
The Durango salamander or pine woods salamander , Ambystoma silvense , is a mole salamander .
Metarctia is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae , subfamily of Arctiinae .
Tetragonoceras is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the nautilid family Tetragonoceratidae that lived during the Middle Devonian , found in Canada .
Fukuia is a genus of amphibious freshwater snails and land snails with an operculum , gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae .
Stromateoidei is a suborder of the Perciformes , the largest order of fish .
Gahniacarus is a genus of flat mites in the family Tenuipalpidae , containing the following species :
Didymoglossum is a tropical genus of ferns in the family Hymenophyllaceae .
Hildegarde 's tomb bat ( Taphozous hildegardeae ) is a species of sac - winged bat in the family Emballonuridae .
Drimiopsis is a genus of African bulbous perennial herbs in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae , native to sub - Saharan Africa .
Hodotermes is a genus of African harvester termites in the Hodotermitidae .
Garantiana is a strongly ribbed , generally evolute ammonite from the Bajocian stage at the beginning of the Middle Jurassic , included in the family Stephanoceratidae .
The Sudan golden sparrow ( Passer luteus ) is a small bird in the sparrow family , found to the south of the Sahara Desert in Africa .
The Mullah spiny mouse ( Acomys mullah ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Djibouti , Eritrea , Ethiopia , and Somalia .
Phaeochoraceae is a family of sac fungi in the order Phyllachorales .
The Loria 's satinbird or velvet satinbird ( Formerly known as the Loria 's bird - of - paradise ) ( Cnemophilus loriae ) is a species of bird in the Cnemophilidae family .
In taxonomy , Pleurotaenium is a genus of green algae , specifically of the Placoderm desmids ( Desmidiaceae ) .
Palophaginae is a small beetle subfamily within the family Megalopodidae .
In taxonomy , Chaetomorpha , also called Chaeto for short , is a genus of green algae , specifically of the Cladophoraceae .
Bats are the second largest order of mammals ( after the rodents ) , representing about 20 % of all classified mammal species worldwide , with about 1,240 bat species divided into two suborders : the less specialized and largely fruit - eating megabats , or flying foxes , and the highly specialized and echolocating microbats .
Nozeba is a genus of very small , somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum , semi - terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusk in the family Iravadiidae .
Micropterigoidea is the superfamily of `` mandibulate archaic moths '' , all placed in the single family Micropterigidae , containing currently about 20 living genera .
The Pediciinae are a subfamily of flies in the family Pediciidae , closely related to Tipulidae ( true craneflies ) .
Cnidoscolus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1827 .
Taxodioideae is a subfamily in Cupressaceae .
According to APG II , the Asclepiadaceae is a former plant family now treated as a subfamily ( subfamily Asclepiadoideae ) in the Apocynaceae ( Bruyns 2000 ) .
Ayres 's hawk - eagle ( Hieraaetus ayresii ) , also referred to as Ayres ' eagle , is a medium - sized bird of prey in the family Accipitridae .
Cephalosporium gramineum or Hymenula cerealis is a plant pathogen that causes Cephalosporium Stripe of Wheat and other grasses .
Mecotetartus antennatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Mecotetartus .
The Sardinata tree frog , Hyloscirtus callipeza , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Colombia .
The African quailfinch , spectacled quailfinch , or white - chinned quailfinch ( Ortygospiza fuscocrissa ) , is a common species of estrildid finch found in eastern and southern Africa .
Alfred 's shieldback ( Alfredectes semiaeneus ) is a species of katydid that is widespread in the Western Cape and Eastern Cape of South Africa .
Ctenogobiops tangaroai , the Tangaroan shrimp - goby , is a species of goby of the family Gobiidae , native to the reefs of the Pacific Ocean where it can be found in fine - grained sand patches at depths of from 4 to 40 metres ( 13 to 131 ft ) .
Abbottella is a genus of operculate land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks gastropod in the family Pomatiidae .
The Bavispe sucker , in Mexican matalote del Bavispe ( Catostomus leopoldi ) , is a species of ray - finned fish in the Catostomidae family .
Palleon nasus nasus was initially described as Brookesia nasus in 1887 by Boulenger and reclassified as a Palleon species in 2013 .
The Malagasy kestrel ( Falco newtoni ) , also known as the Madagascar kestrel , Malagasy spotted kestrel , Newton 's kestrel , Madagascar spotted kestrel , katiti ( Creole ) or hitsikitsika ( Malagasy ) , is a small bird of prey of the genus Falco .
The Samoan flycatcher ( Myiagra albiventris ) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Pholadomyidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks in the order Pholadomyoida .
The Landdros moss frog ( Arthroleptella landdrosia ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
The Horus swift ( Apus horus ) is a small bird in the swift family .
The Oriental white - eye ( Zosterops palpebrosus ) is a small passerine bird in the white - eye family .
Conocoryphe is a genus of primarily eyeless trilobites belonging to the family Conocoryphidae .
According to Gerald Mayr , Diogenornis is best considered a stem - group member of the Rheidae .
The Indonesian speckled carpetshark , Hemiscyllium freycineti , is a species of bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae .
According to ' The All - Species Living Tree ' Project Caldithrix is a member of Sphingobacteria , whereas the LPSN assigns it as an unclassified Deferribacterales and the NCBI considers it an unclassified Bacteria .
The Daurian jackdaw ( Corvus dauuricus ) is a bird in the crow family , Corvidae .
The Florida gar ( Lepisosteus platyrhincus ) is a species of gar found in the USA from the Savannah River and Ochlockonee River watersheds of Georgia and throughout peninsular Florida .
Campbellana is a genus of moths of the Carposinidae family , containing only one species , Campbellana attenuata .
The Stemonaceae are a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants placed in the order Pandanales .
Nepalorthogonius monilicornis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Nepalorthogonius .
Tylomyini is a tribe of New World rats and mice in the subfamily Tylomyinae .
Rutilia is a large genus of medium to large ( > 20 mm ) flies in the family Tachinidae native to Australia and the Oriental region .
The St. Michel nesophontes ( Nesophontes paramicrus ) is an extinct species of mammal in the family Nesophontidae .
The describers concluded that Xiongguanlong split off from the main branch of the Tyrannosauroidea before Appalachiosaurus , being the sister taxon of a clade consisting of Appalachiosaurus and the Tyrannosauridae .
Uncarina is a genus of plant in family Pedaliaceae found in Madagascar .
Wimmeria is a genus of shrubs to small trees in the family Celastraceae .
Amphitrema is a genus of testate amoeba in the family Amphitremidae .
Paphiopedilum , often called the Venus slipper , is a genus of the Lady slipper orchid subfamily Cypripedioideae of the flowering plant family Orchidaceae .
Butomus is the only known genus in the plant family Butomaceae , native to Europe and Asia .
Geocoris is a genus of insects in the family Geocoridae ( although in the past the geocorids were subsumed as a subfamily under the family `` Lygaeidae '' ) .
The Henderson reed warbler ( Acrocephalus taiti ) , also known as the Henderson reed - warbler , is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .
Necepsia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1910 .
The Malherbe 's parakeet or orange - fronted parakeet ( Cyanoramphus malherbi ) is a small parrot endemic to New Zealand .
Tshekardocoleoidea is a superfamily in the extinct suborder Protocoleoptera that contains the following families :
Batistospora is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum .
Celtis tournefortii , commonly known as the ' oriental hackberry ' is a deciduous tree in the Celtis genus .
The Australian cockroach ( Periplaneta australasiae ) is a common species of tropical cockroach , with a length of 23 - -35 millimetres ( 0.91 - -1.38 in ) .
The Cape flat lizard ( Platysaurus capensis ) is a lizard in the Cordylidae family found in Namibia and South Africa .
Böhm 's bee - eater ( Merops boehmi ) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family .
Cripavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales , in the family Dicistroviridae .
Monotoca is a genus of about 17 species of shrubs in the family Ericaceae .
Apodiphus is a genus of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae , subfamily Pentatominae .
Trialeurodes ( Greenhouse whitefly ) is a large genus of whiteflies in the family Aleyrodidae .
The Satyrini are a huge tribe of the Satyrinae , containing the graylings , ringlets , and allies .
Pacific bonito , Sarda chiliensis lineolata , is a marine species of bonito that is a game fighter but not highly thought of as a food fish .
The Mussau monarch ( Symposiachrus menckei ) , also known as the white - breasted monarch , is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Rhodocyclus is a genus of gram - negative bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria .
The Central Asiatic frog or Asian frog ( Rana asiatica ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family , found in China , Kazakhstan , and Kyrgyzstan .
The Hysteriaceae ( also known as Dothideomycetes , Ascomycotina , Eumycota ) are a taxonomic family of fungi and the only extant family belonging to the order Hysteriales .
The Luika barb ( Barbus luikae ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
The Salvadori 's teal or Salvadori 's duck ( Salvadorina waigiuensis ) is a species of bird endemic to New Guinea .
Acanthochelys is a genus of turtles , the spiny swamp turtles , in the family Chelidae , subfamily Chelinae , found in South America .
The Chinese shrew mole ( Uropsilus soricipes ) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae .
The Kentucky coffeetree , Gymnocladus dioicus , is a tree in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the pea family Fabaceae , native to the Midwest and Upper South of North America .
Annesorhiza is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae , with about 12 to 15 species .
Peterson 's long - fingered bat ( Miniopterus petersoni ) is a bat in the genus Miniopterus which occurs in southeast Madagascar .
Senegalia montis - usti ( Brandberg Acacia ) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Melozone is a genus of mostly neotropical birds in the Emberizidae family , found mainly in Mexico .
Osteoglossoidei are a suborder of the order Osteoglossiformes ( Latin : `` bony tongues '' ) that contains the butterflyfish , the arowanas and bonytongues , as well as extinct families .
The Siberian large - toothed shrew ( Sorex daphaenodon ) is a species of shrew .
Melanotaenia splendida splendida also known as the Eastern rainbowfish is a subspecies of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family endemic to Australia .
The Antilles catshark ( Galeus antillensis ) is a common but little - known species of catshark , part of the family Scyliorhinidae .
The Triplecross lizardfish ( Synodus macrops ) is a type of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Indo - West Pacific .
The Moluccan flycatcher or dark - grey flycatcher ( Myiagra galeata ) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Aletomeryx is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Palaeomerycidae , endemic to North America from the early Miocene epoch ( Hemingfordian stage ) 20.6 - -16.3 Ma , existing for approximately 4.3 million years .
The American redstart ( Setophaga ruticilla ) is a New World warbler .
In taxonomy , the Prasiolales are an order of green algae in the class Trebouxiophyceae .
Barley ( Hordeum vulgare L. ) , a member of the grass family , is a major cereal grain grown in temperate climates globally .
The Butiaba naked - tailed shrew ( Crocidura littoralis ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Aulodesmus is a genus of millipedes belonging to the family Gomphodesmidae .
The Sumatran laughingthrush ( Garrulax bicolor ) , also known as the black - and - white laughingthrush , is a member of the Leiothrichidae family .
The American dipper ( Cinclus mexicanus ) , also known as a water ouzel , is a stocky dark grey bird with a head sometimes tinged with brown , and white feathers on the eyelids that cause the eyes to flash white as the bird blinks .
The Zempoaltepec deer mouse ( Habromys lepturus ) , also known as the slender - tailed deer mouse , is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Dorcaschematini is a tribe of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae .
The Puerto Rican rock frog , Eleutherodactylus cooki , also known as the Puerto Rican cave - dwelling frog or rock coqui , and locally as coquí guajón , or guajón for brevity , is a threatened frog species from the coqui genus .
Apristomimus megacephalus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Apristomimus .
The Asian swamp eel , swamp eel , rice eel , or white ricefield eel ( Monopterus albus ) is a commercially important , air - breathing species of fish in the Synbranchidae family .
The Siberian grouse ( Falcipennis falcipennis ) is a medium - sized grouse .
Paramesotriton , or ( Asian ) warty newts , is a genus of salamanders in the Salamandridae family .
Ricardo 's squeaker ( Synodontis ricardoae ) is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Tanzania .
The London Underground mosquito is a form of mosquito in the genus Culex .
Green lacewings are insects in the large family Chrysopidae of the order Neuroptera .
Micrarionta is a genus of medium - sized air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
The Hispaniolan greater funnel - eared bat ( Natalus major ) is a species of funnel - eared bat found on the island of Hispaniola .
The European badger ( Meles meles ) is a species of badger in the family Mustelidae and is native to almost all of Europe and some parts of the Middle East .
Human infections with certain Bunyaviridae , such as Crimean - Congo hemorrhagic fever virus , are associated with high levels of morbidity and mortality , consequently handling of these viruses must occur with a Biosafety level 4 laboratory .
Psettichthyini is a tribe of fish in the Pleuronectinae subfamily .
Neobernaya is a genus of tropical sea snail , cowries , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Phoxocampus belcheri ( Kaup , 1856 ) ( rock pipefish ) Phoxocampus diacanthus ( L. P. Schultz , 1943 ) ( spined pipefish ) Phoxocampus tetrophthalmus ( Bleeker , 1858 ) ( trunk - barred pipefish )
The Yucatan spider monkey ( Ateles geoffroyi yucatanensis ) is a subspecies of Geoffroy 's spider monkey , a type of New World monkey , from Mexico , Guatemala and Belize .
Peters 's sheath - tailed bat ( Emballonura atrata ) is a species of sac - winged bat in the family Emballonuridae .
Neoheterophrictus is a genus of tarantula in the family Theraphosidae , subfamily Ischnocolinae .
The Chuuk monarch , or Truk monarch ( Metabolus rugensis ) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Prodeinotherium is an extinct representative of the family Deinotheriidae that lived in Africa , Europe , and Asia in the early and middle Miocene .
In 2010 , a new proposed classification system for the Bivalvia was published in by Bieler , Carter & Coan , revising the classification of the Bivalvia , including the subclass Heterodonta .
Hemichromis lifalili , common name blood - red jewel cichlid , is from a fish the family cichlidae .
Eusthenoceras is an Early Carboniferous nautiloid cephalopod with a large depressed , apically curved shell assigned to the Pseudactinoceratidae , ( previously ranked as the subfamily Pseudactinoceratinae ) .
Plesiothyreus is a genus of very small sea snails or limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Phenacolepadidae .
Fruticicola is a genus of medium - sized , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae .
The genus Compsognathus gives its name to the family Compsognathidae , a group composed mostly of small dinosaurs from the late Jurassic and early Cretaceous periods of China , Europe and South America .
Hoplocephalus is a genus of snakes in the Elapidae family .
The Amphibolurinae are a subfamily of reptiles ( more specifically , lizards ) in the family Agamidae .
Together with the bulk of the former Sparrmanniaceae , Grewia is in the subfamily Grewioideae and therein the tribe Grewieae , of which it is the type genus .
Xerosecta is a genus of small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Lebeckia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family native to the fynbos ( Cape Floristic Kingdom ) of South Africa .
The Bear Lake whitefish Prosopium abyssicola is a salmonid fish endemic to Bear Lake on the Utah - Idaho border .
Xylothamia , the desert goldenrods , is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae .
Porolabium is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
N4likevirus is a genus of bacteriophages in the order Caudovirales , in the family Podoviridae .
In taxonomy , Methanoplanus is a genus of the Methanomicrobiaceae , comprising three species of methanogenic , or methane - producing , archaea .
Mercenaria is a genus of edible saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae , the Venus clams .
The Gölçük toothcarp ( Aphanius splendens ) is an extinct species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinodontidae family .
St. John 's keelback , Xenochrophis sanctijohannis , is a species of natricine snake , which is endemic to Asia .
The Annulatascaceae are a family of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes of the Ascomycota .
The Aural horned toad , Xenophrys auralensis , is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family .
Paratemnopis ambiguus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Paratemnopis .
Lilford 's wall lizard ( Podarcis lilfordi ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae .
Allognathus is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae , the true snails .
Diplacodon is a genus of prehistoric odd - toed ungulates in the family Brontotheriidae .
The Cooloola sedge frog or Cooloola tree frog ( Litoria cooloolensis ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
The Laysan duck ( Anas laysanensis ) , also known as the Laysan teal , is a dabbling duck endemic to the Hawaiian Islands .
Radde 's shrew ( Sorex raddei ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Rhinichthys , known as the riffle daces , is a genus of freshwater fish in the carp family ( Cyprinidae ) of the order Cypriniformes .
Harpactea is a genus of spiders from the family Dysderidae , with more than 150 described species .
Vauquelinia , commonly known as the rosewoods , is a genus of the rose family Rosaceae .
The Elenchidae are an insect family in the order Strepsiptera .
Phausis is a genus of firefly beetles ( family Lampyridae ) .
The Johnston snake eel ( Schultzidia johnstonensis , also known as the Peppered worm eel in Micronesia and Hawaii ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
In 2005 , San Martín argued these differences were sufficient to consider them as different species , trigerring a taxonomic rediscription of the Syllidae , and describing this genus , Erinaceusyllis .
Kymagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida , which existed in what is now Arkansas , United States .
Enchelycore pardalis , commonly called Leopard moray eel or Dragon moray , is a species of marine fish in the family Muraenidae .
The Killarney shad ( Alosa killarnensis ) , also called the goureen , is a freshwater fish in the family Clupeidae , endemic to a single lake in Ireland , Lough Leane in County Kerry .
The Mount Alifana partula , scientific name Partula salifana , was a species of air - breathing tree snail , an arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Alachnothorax bruchi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Alachnothorax .
The Madagascan fish eagle ( Haliaeetus vociferoides ) or Madagascar sea - eagle ( to distinguish it from the Ichthyophaga fishing - eagles ) is a large bird of prey in the family Accipitridae which also includes many other diurnal raptors such as kites , buzzards and harriers .
Dionda is the genus of desert minnows , small fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae .
The Sulawesian toad or Celebes toad ( Ingerophrynus celebensis ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Lactifluus deceptivus ( synonym Lactarius deceptivus ) , commonly known as the deceiving milkcap , is a common species of fungus in the Russulaceae family .
The Gambaga flycatcher ( Muscicapa gambagae ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Fraxinus angustifolia ( narrow - leafed ash ) is a species of Fraxinus native to central and southern Europe , northwest Africa , and southwest Asia .
The Csorba 's mouse - eared bat ( Myotis csorbai ) is a species of vesper bat .
Issoria is the genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae commonly found in the Palaearctic ecozone , Africa and South America .
The Pirre warbler ( Basileuterus ignotus ) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family .
Eurypterids have traditionally been regarded as close relatives of horseshoe crabs , together forming a group called Merostomata .
The Aeolidida is a taxonomic clade of sea slugs , specifically aeolid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Cladobranchia .
Anthelidae is a family of Australian lappet moths in the Lepidoptera order .
Stenostomidae are a family of the flatworm order Catenulida .
The Madagascan ibis ( Lophotibis cristata ) , also known as the Madagascar crested ibis , white - winged ibis or crested wood ibis , is a medium - sized ( approximately 50 cm long ) , brown - plumaged ibis .
Blighia is a genus of four species of flowering plants in the soapberry family , Sapindaceae , native to tropical Africa from Guinea east to Kenya .
Plebidonax deltoides ( previously Donax deltoides ) is a small , edible saltwater clam or marine bivalve mollusc of the family Donacidae , endemic to Australia .
Ocypode africana , commonly known as the African ghost crab , is a species of ghost crabs native to the eastern Atlantic coast of western Africa , from Mauretania to Namibia .
Cynarctoides is an extinct genus of terrestrial canine of the family Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini which inhabited most of North America during the Whitneyan stage of the Early Oligocene to the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene 33.3 - -13.6 Mya existing approximately 19.7 million years .
Pillar coral ( Dendrogyra cylindrus ) is a hard coral ( order Scleractinia ) found in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea .
Cephalaria is a genus of about 65 species of flowering plants in the family Caprifoliaceae , native to southern Europe , western and central Asia , and northern and southern Africa .
Hesperophanoschema hirsutum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Hesperophanoschema .
Robertsiella is a genus of freshwater snails which have a gill and an operculum , gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae .
Danielea moelensis is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae , and the only species in the genus Danielea .
Gryllomorpha is a genus of cricket belonging to the family Gryllidae subfamily Gryllomorphinae .
Amberleyoidea is an superfamily of extinct , small to large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda .
Austrochalcophora subfasciata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Austrochalcophora .
Ovieda is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family , first described for modern science in 1753 .
Cerambycini is a tribe of longhorn beetles classified under the subfamily Cerambycinae .
Dicypellium is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the family Lauraceae , native to tropical South America , in Amazon Basin .
The Eustrotiinae are a subfamily of moths , under family Noctuidae .
The Javan trogon ( Apalharpactes reinwardtii ) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family .
The Kala forest tree frog , Leptopelis omissus , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Cameroon , the Republic of the Congo , Gabon , and Nigeria , and possibly Angola , the Central African Republic , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Equatorial Guinea .
Pteris ( brake ) is a genus of about 280 species of ferns in the Pteridoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae .
Sechium is a genus in subtribe Sicyinea of the tribe Sicyeae of the gourd family Cucurbitaceae .
Acalles is a genus of beetles in the Curculionidae family .
Clathraria is a genus of corals in the family Melithaeidae .
Penion is a genus of large sea marine snails , commonly known as siphon whelks , classified within the mollusc family Buccinidae , the true whelks .
Enneapterygius howensis , known commonly as the Lord Howe Island triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Lophopus is a genus of bryozoans from Lophopodidae family .
The Zambian barbet or Chaplin 's barbet ( Lybius chaplini ) is a bird species in the family Lybiidae , which was until recently united with the other barbets in the Capitonidae .
The type species of this genus is Palaeospheniscus patagonicus , the Patagonian slender - footed penguin .
Bison latifrons ( also known as the broad - headed paleo - bison , giant Ice Age bison or long - horned bison ) is an extinct species of bison that lived in North America during the Pleistocene epoch .
Smith 's zokor ( Eospalax smithii ) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae , endemic to China .
The Cucurbiteae is a tribe of the Cucurbitoideae subfamily , which is a member of the Cucurbitaceae family , or gourd family , of flowering plants .
The Karoo dwarf chameleon ( Bradypodion karrooicum ) is a chameleon native to South Africa .
Stylobasium is a genus of xerophytic shrubs in the family Surianaceae .
The Great bent - winged bat ( Miniopterus tristis ) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
The Arabian toad ( Bufo arabicus or Duttaphrynus arabicus ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
In 1915 , the tribe Prionomyrmecini was erected by American entomologist William Morton Wheeler , who had placed Prionomyrmex in it .
Amblysaphes striatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Amblysaphes .
Phyllota is an Australian genus from the family Fabaceae , a biological grouping of flowering plants .
Orthocycloceras was assigned to Orthocerida Sepkoski ( 2002 ) .
Dismegistus is a genus of true bugs belonging to the family Parastrachiidae .
The Finke River hardyhead ( Craterocephalus centralis ) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family .
The Indian flapshell turtle ( Lissemys punctata ) is a freshwater species of turtle found in South Asia .
The Monte Escondido salamander ( Bolitoglossa decora ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Carpenter frog ( Rana virgatipes ) is a species of true frog found on coastal plain of the Atlantic coast of the United States between central New Jersey and northeastern Florida .
Ticocystiscus is a genus of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cystiscidae .
Polystemma is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1844 .
Limnocharis is a genus in the Alismataceae , native to Mexico , Central America , the West Indies and South America ) but naturalized in China , India , and Southeast Asia as well .
Amphiuma is a genus of aquatic salamanders , the only extant genus within the family Amphiumidae /æmfɨˈjuːmɨdiː/.
Gasteria is part of the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , subfamily Asphodeloideae .
Lyrogoniatitinae is one of two subfamilies of the Cravenoceratidae family .
Common wheat ( Triticum aestivum ) , also known as bread wheat , is a cultivated wheat species .
Packera is a genus of about 64 species of plants in the composite family , Asteraceae .
Polyommatini is a tribe of lycaenid butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae .
Tropidacris is a genus of grasshopper in the family Romaleidae .
The Wood River sculpin ( Cottus leiopomus ) is a species of fish in the Cottidae family .
The Microascales are an order of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes , subclass Hypocreomycetidae .
Leiopotherapon is a genus of fish in the family Terapontidae , the grunters .
Projovellania is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod belonging to the oncocerid family Jovellaniidae found in mid Silurian sediments in Europe .
The Philippine leafbird ( Chloropsis flavipennis ) is a species of bird in the Chloropseidae family .
Laccobiini is a tribe in the subfamily Hydrophilinae of aquatic beetles , and it contains 367 species in 8 genera .
Oxycarenus is a genus of ground bugs belonging to the family Lygaeidae , subfamily Oxycareninae .
Corylopsis is a genus of nearly 30 species of shrubs in the witch hazel family , Hamamelidaceae , native to eastern Asia with the majority of species endemic in China but with some also in Japan , Korea , and the Himalayas .
The Oriente cave rat ( Boromys offella ) was a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae .
The Clydonitaceae is a superfamily in the ammonoid cephalopod order Ceratitida characterized by generally costate and turberculate shells with smooth , grooved , or keeled venters and sutures that are commonly ceratitic or ammonitic but goniatic in a few offshoots .
Roulletia is an extinct genus of sand sharks ( family Odontaspididae ) .
Succinea , common name the amber snails , is a genus of small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Succineidae .
Acrioceratidae is a family of heteromorph ammonites included in the Ancyloceratoidea comprising ancyloceratid - like forms that start off with a coiled juvenile section , followed by a straight or curved shaft ending in a hook .
Anthracoceratites is an extinct genus belonging to the of the Dimorphoceratidae family .
The Cape shoveler or Cape shoveller ( Anas smithii ) is a species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas .
Antaxius is a genus of ' katydids crickets ' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae .
The Argyrogrammatini are a tribe of moths in the subfamily Plusiinae , consisting of fifteen genera .
Metopocetus is an extinct genus of baleen whale belonging to the family Cetotheriidae .
Hydrotaea is a genus of insects in the housefly family , Muscidae .
Shiho 's seahorse ( Hippocampus sindonis ) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family .
Almites is a genus belonging to the Marathonitidae families .
Clohiesia is a genus of fungi in the family Annulatascaceae of the Ascomycota .
Casaleius ferrugineus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Casaleius .
Olyreae is a tribe of grasses in the bamboo subfamily ( Bambusoideae ) .
Platystega is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae of Svalbard during the Triassic .
Blueberry shock virus ( BlShV ) is an Ilarvirus belonging to the Bromoviridae family .
The Philippine forest roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros obscurus ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Chordifex is a genus of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1998 .
Boenninghausenia is a monotypic plant genus in the family Rutaceae .
Sordes has been assigned to the family Rhamphorhynchidae .
Arhythmacanthidae are a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida .
Segmentina is a genus of very small , air - breathing , freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Planorbidae , the ramshorn snails .
Pangora is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Nepal , India and Sri Lanka .
The Pacific hagfish ( Eptatretus stoutii ) is a species of hagfish .
Regelia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south - west of Western Australia .
Aphananthe is a small genus of evergreen trees in the family Cannabaceae .
Aphania is a genus of trees and shrubs of the family Sapindaceae .
Nisoniades is a genus of tufted skippers in the family Hesperiidae .
The Tenasserim lutung ( Trachypithecus barbei ) is a species of lutung .
Abacaelostus filicornis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Abacaelostus .
István Drubina ( Slovak : Štefan Drubina , born August 17 , 1884 , date of death unknown ) was a Slovak track and field athlete who competed for Hungary in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Bert Brinkman ( born April 4 , 1968 in Nijverdal ) is a retired water polo player from the Netherlands , who finished in ninth position with the Dutch team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Harald Hansen ( March 14 , 1884 in Copenhagen -- May 10 , 1927 in Aarhus ) was a Danish amateur football ( soccer ) player , who played as a defender for the Denmark national football team , with whom he won silver medals at the 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics .
Bakhtiyar Tyleganov ( Бахтияр Тйлеганов ; born January 5 , 1976 ) is a retired boxer from Kazakhstan , who competed for his native country in the Men 's Featherweight ( -- 57 kg ) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Lisa - Marie Deetlefs ( born 8 September 1987 ) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
On 11 May , Dunga named Grafite among his 23-man 2010 FIFA World Cup squad .
George Cosac ( born 26 January 1968 ) is a former tennis player from Romania , who represented his native country in the doubles competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Annabelle Euranie ( born September 4 , 1982 in Gonesse , France ) is a French judoka who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the women 's half - lightweight division .
Luciano Zinali ( born 13 August 1943 ) is an Italian yacht racer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Marija Nikolova ( Macedonian : Марија Николова ) is a Macedonian musician who entered Eurovision Song Contest 2000 as part of the group XXL with the song `` 100 % te ljubam '' with band mates Ivona Džamtovska , Rosica Nikolovska , and Verica Karanfilovska .
Natalie Titcume ( born 6 December 1975 in Sydney ) is a softball player from Australia , who won a bronze medal 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
József Vágó ( born 1906 ) was a Hungarian football defender who played for Hungary in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
Fausto Radici ( 24 September 1953 -- 14 April 2002 ) was an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics .
Édouard Candeveau ( 11 February 1898 -- November 1989 ) was a Swiss rower who competed at the 1920 , 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics .
Arvid Martin Hjalmar Lönnroth ( 11 September 1856 in Kungälv , Bohuslän -- 24 July 1935 in Göteborg ) was a sailor from Sweden , who represented his native country at the 1908 Summer Olympics in Ryde , Isle of Wight , Great Britain in the 8 Metre .
Gary Neist ( born November 1 , 1946 in Albert Lea , Minnesota ) is an American former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Bohumil Janoušek ( or Bob Janousek ) ( born September 7 , 1937 ) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics , and later moved to Britain as a rowing coach and then a boat - builder .
José Fernando Bulnes Zelaya ( born 21 October 1946 ) aka Azulejo , is a retired Honduran football defender who played for Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup .
Kimie Morita ( Japanese : 森田 貴美枝 ; born February 27 , 1958 ) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Ján Zachara ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈjaːn ˈzaxara ) ) ( born 27 August 1928 in Kubra near Trenčín , now Slovak Republic ) is a former Czechoslovak boxer who won the gold medal in the featherweight division at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki .
Lin Ying - chieh ( Chinese : 林英傑 ; pinyin : Lín Yīngjié ; born 1 May 1981 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Birte Ove - Petersen was a Danish swimmer who won three medals at the 1938 European Aquatics Championships .
Knud Lundberg ( 14 May 1920 -- 12 August 2002 ) was a Danish multi - talented sportsperson , who most notably won a bronze medal with the Denmark national football team at the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Gao Ming Jie competed in the F44/46 javelin throw at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens , Greece where he won the silver medal .
Otto Ferdinand Muller von Czernicki ( March 13 , 1909 in Magetan , Dutch East Indies -- 1998 ) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Prudencio Norales Martínez ( born 20 April 1956 ) is a retired Honduran football midfielder who played for Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup .
Traudl Ruckser ( born 13 February 1925 ) is an Austrian former gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Gregor Grilc ( born 13 February 1970 in Šenčur ) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics . His best result in the Alpine skiing World Cup are 6th and 8th place , both in slalom .
Edi Schild ( also Edy , born February 21 , 1919 ) is a Swiss cross - country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Mari Saarinen ( born in Kangasala on July 30 , 1981 ) is a Finnish ice hockey forward She plays for IlvesTampere and appeared in the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Ricardo Héber ( 28 September 1927 -- 2002 ) was an Argentine javelin thrower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Stefaan Maene ( born May 13 , 1972 in Ostend ) is a former backstroke and medley swimmer from Belgium , who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Isaac Asare ( born 1 September 1974 in Kumasi , Ghana ) is a football player from Ghana , who was a member of the Men 's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Milan Lazarević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Лазаревић , born July 11 , 1948 in Belgrad ) is a Yugoslav / Serbian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Biserka Višnjić ( born 10 October 1953 in Trogir ) is a former Croatian handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics for the Yugoslavia women 's national handball team and in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Janette Hargin ( born 4 October 1977 , Stockholm ) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 2002 and 2006 Winter Olympics .
Dennis Thiessen ( born in Crystal City , Manitoba on April 20 , 1961 ) is a wheelchair curler who was part of the winning team in wheelchair curling for Canada at the 2014 Winter Paralympics .
Denzil Dolley ( born 22 July 1977 in Port Elizabeth , Eastern Cape ) is a field hockey player from South Africa , who was a member of the national squad that finished tenth at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
John Bocwinski ( born November 22 , 1936 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was an Argentine - American soccer defender who was a member of the U.S. Olympic soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Shirley Cawley ( born 26 April 1932 ) is a British athlete who won the bronze medal in the long jump at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki , Finland .
Nino de Angelo ( born Domenico Gerhard Gorgoglione , 18 December 1963 ) is a German singer of Italian descent known for his 1983 chart - topper `` Jenseits von Eden '' , and who participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989 with the song , `` Flieger '' , written by Dieter Bohlen and Joachim Horn - Bernges .
Okey Isima ( 24 August 1956 -- 18 February 2013 ) was a Nigerian football Defender who played for Nigeria in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 African Cup of Nations .
Werner Delmes ( born 28 September 1930 in Cologne ) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics .
Hans Roedder ( March 12 , 1879 -- December 1966 ) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
David Pichler ( born September 3 , 1968 ) is an American Olympic diver representing the United States in 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , where Pichler was elected team captain .
Stjepan Deverić scored 5 goals at the 1984 Summer Olympics and was a joint Top Scorer with Boro Cvetković .
Tycho van Meer ( born September 30 , 1974 in Eindhoven ) is a former field hockey striker from the Netherlands , who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Roger Michelot ( 8 June 1912 , Saint - Dizier , Haute - Marne -- 19 March 1993 ) was a French boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Kasey Giteau ( born 20 September 1982 ) is a former competitive swimmer who represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia .
Marina Ferragut Castillo ( born 11 February 1972 in Barcelona ) is a Spanish former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Boris Mikhaylovich Zaytsev ( Russian : Бори́с Миха́йлович За́йцев ; 23 March 1937 -- 24 February 2000 ) was a Russian ice hockey player who competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics .
Marian Heffernan ( born 16 April 1982 in Cork , Ireland ) is an Irish athlete who competed at the in the Women 's 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Marcus Baur ( born 10 May 1971 ) is a German former yacht racer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Ferenc Velkey ( November 15 , 1915 -- September 12 , 2008 ) was a Hungarian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Bence Béres ( born in Komárom on 26 August 1992 ) is a Short track speed skater set to represent Hungary at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Man Afraid Soap was a Canadian lacrosse player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics .
Fuad Aslanov ( born June 28 , 1976 in Sumgait ) is an Azerbaijani boxer who competed in the flyweight division ( -- 51 kg ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal .
Warren Cummings Smith III , also known as Trace Smith ( born June 21 , 1992 ) , is an American - Estonian alpine skier who represented Estonia at the 2014 Winter Olympics .
Julius Kariuki ( born June 12 , 1961 ) was the winner of the 3,000 m steeplechase at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Galina Stancheva ( Bulgarian : Галина Станчева ) is a Bulgarian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Bayron Molina Figueroa ( born 10 May 1993 in Tegucigalpa , Honduras ) is a Honduran boxer who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the light flyweight division where he lost in the first round to Devendro Singh .
João Leithardt Neto ( 6 January 1958 -- 3 October 2015 ) , nicknamed Kita , was a Brazilian footballer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Marcel Fischer ( born 14 August 1978 in Biel / Bienne ) is a Swiss fencer who competed in the Men 's Épée Individual at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal .
Ingrid Berntsen was scheduled to compete in freestyle skiing at the 2002 Winter Olympics , while her sister Hedda was a candidate for the alpine skiing team .
Gintautas Umaras ( born May 20 , 1963 in Kaunas ) is a retired track and road racing cyclist from Lithuania , who represented the USSR at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Nodar Dzhordzhikiya ( or Nodar Jorjikia ) ( Georgian : ნოდარ ჯორჯიკია , Russian : Нодар Константинович Джорджикия ; November 15 , 1921 -- 2 June 2008 ) was a Soviet basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Jesús Moraila Morales ( born 1901 in Culiacán , Sinaloa , date of death unknown ) was a Mexican sprinter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Bobbie Singer ( born Tina Schosser , 22 February 1981 , in Linz ) is an Austrian singer , best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999 .
Henry Terry ( 27 May 1868 -- 24 December 1952 ) was a member of the silver medal winning French cricket team at the 1900 Summer Olympics , the only time to date that cricket has featured in the Olympics .
Hermann Hölter ( 31 January 1900 -- 5 May 1989 ) was a German modern pentathlete and Generalleutnant during World War II . He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Alfonso Stoopen ( born in 1902 in San Luis Potosí- date of death unknown ) was a Mexican high jumper and long jumper who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Orlando Maldonado ( born May 21 , 1959 in Bayamon , Puerto Rico ) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico , who won the bronze medal in the men 's light flyweight ( -- 48 kg ) division at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Choe Chol - su ( born December 1 , 1969 ) is a North Korean boxer , who won the gold medal in the men 's Flyweight ( 51 kg ) category at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Jorge Vidal was an Argentine gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Susan Wessels - Webber ( born 12 November 1977 in Bloemfontein , Free State ) is a field hockey player from South Africa who represented her country at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Maria Lamb ( born January 4 , 1986 , in St. Paul , Minnesota ) is an Olympic speed skater from River Falls , Wisconsin , who competed in 1500 m and the team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
David Kibet ( born November 24 , 1963 in Burnt Forest ) is a former Kenyan middle distance runner who won a bronze medal at the African Championships 1990 over 1500 m. Kibet finished tenth in the 1992 Summer Olympics final and seventh in the 1991 World Championships .
Marianne Vermaat ( born 2 May 1955 ) is a former backstroke swimmer from the Netherlands , who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , West Germany .
Stanisław Bobak was one of the leading ski jumpers of the 1970s and 1980s , and was a member of the Polish team at the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1980 Winter Olympics .
Andrzej Skrzydlewski ( born November 3 , 1946 in Ksawerów - May 28 , 2006 in Ksawerów ) was a Polish wrestler who competed in the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics .
Charles Keeble ( born 6 January 1934 ) is a former Australian figure skater who competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics .
Hubert Brooks MC ( December 29 , 1921 -- February 1 , 1984 ) was a Canadian RCAF officer and hockey player who won a gold medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz .
Simone Rosalba ( born January 31 , 1976 in Paola , Calabria ) is a volleyball player from Italy , who won the bronze medal with the men 's national team at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Johan Aantjes ( born May 6 , 1958 , in Utrecht ) is a former water polo player from the Netherlands , who finished in sixth position with the Dutch National Men 's Team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Markéta Bednářová ( née Mokrošová , born 17 April 1981 in Nové Město na Moravě ) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ahmed Ismail El Shamy ( born October 21 , 1975 in Cairo , Al - Qahira ) is an Egyptian boxer who competed in the Men 's Light Heavyweight ( -- 81 kg ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal .
Carl August Herold Jansson ( 13 November 1899 -- 23 April 1965 ) was a Danish gymnast and diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
James Martin Vinnicombe ( born 5 December 1964 in Melbourne , Victoria ) is a retired Australian track cyclist who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , winning a silver medal in 1000 metres time trial .
Ghada Ali represented Libyan Arab Jamahiriya ( now Libya ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where she competed for the women 's 400 metres .
Chang Eun - kyung ( Korean : 장은경 ; 26 May 1951 -- 12 May 1996 ) was a Korean judoka and silver medalist who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Ricchi e Poveri represented Italy in Eurovision Song Contest 1978 with song `` Questo amore '' finishing 12th with 53 points .
Thelma Boughner ( born 27 September 1918 ) is a retired Canadian diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Giorgio Di Centa ( born October 7 , 1972 , in Tolmezzo , province of Udine ) is a former Italian cross country skier who won two gold medals at the 2006 Winter Olympics , including the individual 50 km freestyle race .
Nuri Boytorun was Turkey 's flag bearer at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Héctor Ochoa ( born 5 July 1942 ) is an Argentine former footballer who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Guo Youhua ( born 1983 - 09 - 29 in Gansu ) is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Fatoumata Samassékou ( born 31 December 1987 ) is a swimmer set to compete for Mali at the 2012 Summer Olympics in Women 's 50 m Freestyle .
Lorenzo Calonga Arce ( born 28 August 1929 - died 20 September 2003 ) was a Paraguayan football striker and midfielder who was part of the Paraguay squad for the 1950 FIFA World Cup finals .
Ida Ladstätter ( born 13 February 1965 in Sankt Jakob in Defereggen ) is a retired Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics .
Say It Like You Mean It is the first full - length album from pop punk band The Starting Line , following their debut EP With Hopes of Starting Over .
Paper Forest ( In the Afterglow of Rapture ) is a song by Emmy the Great , released in 2011 on her second album , Virtue .
`` Black Mountain Side '' is an instrumental by the English rock band Led Zeppelin , featured on the band 's 1969 debut album Led Zeppelin .
Malo Soula ( Serbian : A Little Bit of Soul ) is a 1996 album by Serbian pop duo K2 .
Off the Leash is the sixth album by Scottish - Canadian celtic punk band The Real McKenzies .
When We Were the New Boys is a studio album released by Rod Stewart on 29 May 1998 ( see 1998 in music ) .
Happiness Is the Road is Marillion 's 15th studio album , released as two separate album - length volumes respectively titled Essence and The Hard Shoulder .
`` This Is Not America '' is a song by jazz fusion band Pat Metheny Group and rock singer David Bowie , taken from the soundtrack for the film The Falcon and the Snowman .
`` Everything Zen '' is the debut single released by British alternative rock band Bush in early 1995 from their debut album Sixteen Stone .
`` Celebration of the Lizard '' is a performance piece written by Jim Morrison , frontman of The Doors .
From Hank , Bruce , Brian and John is the seventh rock album by British instrumental ( and sometimes vocal ) group The Shadows , released in 1967 .
The Bravest Man in the Universe is the twenty - seventh and final studio album by the American soul artist Bobby Womack .
`` Tell Me When '' is a song by the British synthpop group The Human League .
`` Vy från ett luftslott '' ( Swedish for `` View from a Castle in the Air '' ) is the fourth and final single released from the album Tillbaka till samtiden , by the Swedish alternative rock band Kent .
`` Lords of the Boards '' is the third single by the Guano Apes and the final single from their debut album Proud Like a God .
Real Life Hits is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1984 and released on the ECM label in 1985 .
A Little Light Music ( 1992 ) is a Jethro Tull live album .
Slowing Down the World is the third studio album by trumpet player Chris Botti .
`` Mean Old World '' is a blues song recorded by American blues electric guitar pioneer T - Bone Walker in 1942 .
`` When Can I See You '' is the fifth single from the Babyface album For the Cool in You ( 1993 ) .
Give It is the eighteenth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2009 .
`` Mule Skinner Blues '' ( a.k.a . `` Blue Yodel # 8 '' , `` Muleskinner Blues '' , and `` Muleskinner 's Blues '' ) is a classic country song written by Jimmie Rodgers and George Vaughan .
Hagnesta Hill is an album by the Swedish band Kent , released in 1999 ( Swedish version ) and 2000 ( English version ) .
Fulfillingness ' First Finale is a 1974 album by Stevie Wonder ; widely considered one of the albums from his `` classic period '' .
Fantastic , Vol . 2 ( also referred to as Fantastic Volume II ) is the second album from Detroit 's Slum Village , released on August 8 , 2000 .
`` End of the Road '' is a single recorded by American R&B group Boyz II Men for the Boomerang soundtrack .
Bluffer 's Guide to the Flight Deck is the 2004 debut album released by Flotation Toy Warning .
Live the Storm is the sixth album by Swedish hardcore punk / D - beat band Disfear .
`` Opa Opa '' is a song by Greek singer Notis Sfakianakis , released as a single from his second album Ise Ena Pistoli in 1992 .
What Were Once Vices Are Now Habits is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Doobie Brothers , released in 1974 .
Jagged is the eighteenth studio album by the musician Gary Numan , his first original album in over five years , following Pure in 2000 .
`` If You Wanna '' is the third single by English indie rock band The Vaccines , from their debut album What Did You Expect from The Vaccines ?
Non timor domini , non timor malus is the second studio album by the Italian Black ambient / Gothic rock band Militia Christi .
`` Young , Wild & Free '' is a song by American West Coast hip hop artist Snoop Dogg and American Hip hop artist Wiz Khalifa .
Cast from the Platform is the second album by American dream pop band Auburn Lull , released in 2004 and produced by Andrew Prinz of Mahogany .
Girls Get Busy is an album by Bratmobile , released in 2002 on Lookout !
`` Mess of You '' is a pop rock song written by Alana Grace and Michael Ochs for Grace 's second studio album With One Word ( 2009 ) .
`` Green Fields '' is the third single by British alternative rock band The Good , the Bad & the Queen .
Mean Greens is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1966 and released on the Atlantic label .
`` Hey Now Now '' is the first single by pop rock group Swirl 360 from their debut studio album , Ask Anybody .
Salvation Station is the second full - length studio album from Canadian CCM band Newworldson .
State of Survival is the second studio album from Flipsyde , and also the first ( and only ) album featuring the addition of Chantelle Paige .
Naomi 's Solar Pumpkin is the first solo album by King 's X guitarist Ty Tabor .
Periscope Life is the seventh album by the Dutch progressive rock band Kayak , originally released on LP in 1980 .
Slnečný kalendár ( English : Sunny Calendar ) is the third solo album by Slovak recording artist Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1982 .
Wind 's Poem is the name of the fourth full - length album by Mount Eerie .
Xitintoday is a studio album released by Nik Turner 's Sphynx in 1978 .
Seeing Eye Dog is the seventh studio album by the American alternative metal band Helmet , released on September 7 , 2010 via Work Song , the label imprint shared by singer / songwriter Joe Henry and Helmet mainman Page Hamilton 's manager .
Dobro došli prijatelji ( English : Welcome , Friends ) is the sixth studio album by Bosnian folk singer Hanka Paldum .
Comin ' On Strong is the sixth studio album from American country music singer Trace Adkins .
For the Family is a 1983 studio album by Canadian folk artist Stan Rogers .
Alive , She Cried is a live album by the American rock band The Doors ; the title of the album is taken from a line in the song `` When the Music 's Over '' .
The Balancing Act is a compilation album by indie rock band Cool Hand Luke .
`` Et je t'aime encore '' ( meaning `` And I Still Love You '' ) is the second single from Celine Dion 's album 1 fille & 4 types .
Man of Miracles is the fourth album by Styx , released in November 1974 .
Maniaxe is Ghoul 's 2003 follow up to their debut album We Came for the Dead ! ! ! , released by Razorback Records .
Dear God , I Hate Myself is the seventh studio album by American indie rock band Xiu Xiu released on February 23 , 2010 .
`` Hey My Friend '' is Tomoko Kawase 's second single under Tommy Heavenly6 , and the eight overall single from her solo career .
No More the Fool is a 1986 album by Elkie Brooks .
`` They Reminisce Over You ( T.R.O.Y. ) '' is a song by Pete Rock & CL Smooth , inspired by the death of their close friend Troy Dixon ( better known as `` Trouble '' T. Roy of Heavy D & the Boyz ) in 1990 .
Desde Andalucía ( English : From Andalusia ) is a studio album by Spanish singer Isabel Pantoja released in 1988 .
Commit This to Memory is the second studio album by American rock band Motion City Soundtrack .
New Old Friends is the third album by the indie rock band Dolour .
VRIL is the sixth official album by SCH .
`` In the Future When All 's Well '' was the third single from the album Ringleader of the Tormentors by Morrissey .
The Imaginary Direction of Time is the second full - length album by Norwegian progressive metal band Winds .
Ich halt zu Dir ( I Stick To You ) is the twelfth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers .
Destroy Erase Improve is the second full - length album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah .
`` In My Chair '' is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 1970 .
`` Ca n't Tell Me Nothing '' is a song by American hip - hop recording artist Kanye West .
Someplace Else Now is a 1972 album by American singer Lesley Gore and is her eighth studio album .
`` Nadurveni vuglishta '' ( Bulgarian : Надървени въглища , ( nɑdərˈvɛni vəˈɡlɪʃtə ) ) is the fourth album by the Bulgarian rock band Hipodil , released in 1998 under the Riva Sound label , the band 's fourth with the company .
Armageddon Through Your Speakers is the major label debut of rock band Bionic Jive .
På lugnare vatten is a 1990 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna .
`` If I Said You Had a Beautiful Body Would You Hold It Against Me '' is a song written by David Bellamy , and recorded by American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers .
`` Juke Box Hero '' is a song written by Lou Gramm and Mick Jones and performed by their band Foreigner , from their 7x Platinum 1981 album 4 .
`` Dogs Are Everywhere '' in a non - album single released by British band Pulp in 1986 .
Save His Soul is the third studio album by American jam band Blues Traveler , released on April 6 , 1993 ( see 1993 in music ) .
First Come , First Served is the third studio album by American emcee and Ultramagnetic MCs member Kool Keith , who released the album under the alias Dr. Dooom .
`` If I Told You That '' is a 2000 duet by American singer Whitney Houston and British singer George Michael .
`` Guarded '' is a song by the American heavy metal band Disturbed .
Dizzy 's Party is an album by Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1976 and released on the Pablo label .
Where the Ancestors ' Souls Gathered is the first studio album by Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic , released in 1999 .
Stomp 442 is the seventh studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax .
Time & Pressure is the debut studio album by American rock band Devour the Day , which consists of former Egypt Central members Joey Walser and Blake Allison .
`` Emena Thes '' ( Greek : `` Εμένα Θες '' ; English : I am the one you want ) is the second single by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas from his 13th studio album Parafora .
Secrets of Astrology , released in 2000 , is the fifth album , but the fourth studio recorded album , by symphonic rock vocalist , Lana Lane .
Demasiado tarde ( Spanish : Too late ) is the eleventh studio album by the Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz .
Macabre Sunsets is the second album by the Greek death metal band Nightfall .
`` Scherbenmeer '' is the fourth single off Christina Stürmer 's fourth album , Lebe Lauter .
The Frozen Tears of Angels is the eighth album studio by the Italian symphonic power metal band Rhapsody of Fire .
Meds is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock band Placebo .
`` World in Motion '' is a song by British musical group New Order ( credited as England New Order ) .
The Big Dream is the second studio album by the American film director and musician David Lynch , released on July 10 , 2013 .
Allegria is the debut studio album by the Gipsy Kings , released in 1982 in Europe .
Coming Home Now is the sixth single from Irish Boyband Boyzone , taken from their debut album , Said and Done .
`` Math Suks '' is a song by Jimmy Buffett , from the album Beach House on the Moon ( 1999 ) .
`` To Her Door '' was the first single released by Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls ahead of their second album , Under the Sun ( released in North America and Europe as by Paul Kelly and the Messengers ) .
Beyond the Valley of the Gift Police is the fourth spoken word album by Jello Biafra .
Værsgo is the debut album of Kim Larsen who formed Gasolin ' in 1969 with Wili Jønsson and Franz Beckerlee .
Last Secrets is the final album by indie rock band The Like Young .
Father Music , Mother Dance is an album by American violinist and composer Michael White featuring performances recorded in 1974 and released on the Impulse ! label .
Sredinom ( trans . Through the middle ) is the eight studio album of Bosnian musician Dino Merlin , third of him as a solo artist .
Our Kid Eh is the second album from the spoof band The Shirehorses , comprising two BBC Radio 1 DJs , Mark Radcliffe and Marc Riley ( a.k.a . Mark and Lard ) .
`` Fill Us with Fire '' is a single by English synthpop duo Erasure , released as the third single from their 2011 album Tomorrow 's World .
Ha'Or Ve'HaTzel ( Hebrew : האור והצל‎ - The Light and the Shadow ) is the second album by the Israeli rapper Subliminal , in collaboration with another Israeli rapper - The Shadow .
`` Johnny Come Home '' was the debut single release by British band Fine Young Cannibals , taken from their debut album Fine Young Cannibals .
`` Fast Boy / Liquid Lips '' was a double - A - side single , released by The Bluetones from their fourth album , 2003 's Luxembourg .
Piano á la Mode is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston which was recorded in 1957 and released on the Jubilee label .
Local Angel is the fourth solo album by desert rocker Brant Bjork .
`` Ég á líf '' ( I Have a Life ) is the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö and is performed by singer Eyþór Ingi Gunnlaugsson after he won Söngvakeppnin 2013 .
Colour of My Soul is the second studio album released by Full Flava , which is the brainchild of a group of two writers and musicians based in Birmingham - Rob Derbyshire and Paul ' Solomon ' Mullings , assisted by back - up vocalist Tee .
All of My Mind is the first album of Japanese singer Kōji Wada .
Extra - Capsular Extraction is the first official release by the drone doom band Earth .
`` Someone Else Not Me '' is the 30th single by Duran Duran , and the only single from the album Pop Trash .
Flight of the Behemoth is the second album by Sunn O ) ) ) .
Suffer Time is an album by country music singer , Dottie West , released in 1966 .
`` Pretty Boy Swag '' is a song by American rapper Soulja Boy , released as the first single from his third studio album The DeAndre Way ( 2010 ) .
Are You Ready for the Country is an album by Waylon Jennings , released on RCA Victor in 1976 .
`` You Do n't Know What Love Is ( You Just Do as You 're Told ) '' is a song written and recorded by the American alternative rock band The White Stripes .
`` Rough Landing , Holly '' is a song by the American pop punk band Yellowcard .
Richter 858 is an album by Bill Frisell of improvised music inspired by the paintings of German artist Gerhard Richter and performed by Frisell , Eyvind Kang , Jenny Scheinman and Hank Roberts .
L.E.F. ( short for Loud , Electronic , Ferocious ) is a dance and electro album released by Ferry Corsten in May 2006 .
`` It Would Take a Strong Strong Man '' is a song written by Stock Aitken Waterman for Rick Astley 's multi - million - selling debut album Whenever You Need Somebody .
`` Consolation Prizes '' is a song by French rock band Phoenix and is featured on their third studio album , It 's Never Been Like That .
`` Not Such an Innocent Girl '' is a song by British singer - songwriter , Victoria Beckham .
`` Even the Nights Are Better '' is the title of a popular song from 1982 ( see 1982 in music ) by the Australian soft rock group Air Supply .
`` Lakini 's Juice '' is a song by alternative rock group Live , which was released as the first single from their 1997 album , Secret Samadhi .
`` Kisses Down Low '' is a song recorded by American singer - songwriter Kelly Rowland and is the first single from her fourth studio album Talk a Good Game .
`` Twilight World '' is a song by the British pop act Swing Out Sister .
My Baby Do n't Slow Dance is a song written by Bill Lamb and Peter Wood , and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Lee .
`` Drive On '' is a 1989 single by British boy band / pop group Brother Beyond , taken from their second album , Trust .
`` Better with the Lights Off '' is a song written and recorded by American hip hop duo New Boyz and R&B singer Chris Brown , taken from New Boyz ' second studio album , Too Cool To Care .
Possum Head is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Argo label in 1964 and performed by Donaldson with Bill Hardman , Big John Patton , Ray Crawford , Ben Dixon , and Cleopas Morris .
`` Ai n't Nobody Better '' is a song by American house / techno group Inner City .
Same Oul ' Town is the third studio album by Irish rock band The Saw Doctors .
`` Pimedam pool '' ( Darker side ) is a song by Estonian rock band Smilers .
`` Driver 8 '' was the second single from R.E.M. 's third album , Fables of the Reconstruction .
Get Some Go Again Sessions is a 2005 double album by the Rollins Band , although on this release it is credited to Henry Rollins & Mother Superior .
Van Gogh by Numbers is an album featuring Joe Locke and Christos Rafalides on vibraphone and marimba , respectively .
No Roots is the fourth album by British electronic music act Faithless , released in 2004 .
`` If It Feels Good Do It '' is the first single from Canadian rock band Sloan 's sixth studio album , Pretty Together .
Back for the First Time is the second studio album and major label debut by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris .
Can We Go Back is a song written by Adam Watts , Andy Dodd and Shanna Crooks and recorded by Kelly Clarkson during the sessions for her 2009 album , All I Ever Wanted .
Toward the Margins is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker 's Electro - Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 1996 and released on the ECM New Series label .
Discouraged Ones ( stylized discøuraged ønes ) is the third full - length album by Katatonia .
`` Freiflug '' ( German for ' Free Flight ' ) is the fourth single from the German metal band Megaherz , and the third and final single from their album Kopfschuss .
Pain Necessary to Know is the third studio album by the Italian avant - garde metal band Ephel Duath .
La Mujer Shirley Bassey canta en Español ( The Woman - Shirley Bassey sings in Spanish ) , is a Shirley Bassey studio album recorded in Spanish .
On January 22 1965 MGM Record 's top vocalist Connie Francis -- whose Italian heritage was a key component of her public persona -- cut `` Forget Domani '' in a Hollywood CA recording session produced by Danny Davis : the arranger was Don Costa .
The Devil His Due is the debut solo album by Chris Randall , former frontman for Sister Machine Gun .
`` American Bad Ass '' is a rap metal song by the American musician Kid Rock , released from his 2000 album The History of Rock .
The Supersonic Storybook is the third album by American alternative rock group Urge Overkill .
Sticky Fingers is the ninth British and 11th American studio album by the English rock band The Rolling Stones , released in April 1971 .
Prior to the Fire is the second studio album by Canadian hard rock group Priestess .
Sol Niger Within is the first release by Fredrik Thordendal 's Special Defects , a side project of Meshuggah guitarist Fredrik Thordendal .
`` Tonight She Comes '' is a 1985 song by American rock band The Cars , from their Greatest Hits album .
Greatest Remix Hits 2 is a remix album by Australian pop -- dance singer Kylie Minogue .
`` Holdin ' Heaven '' is a song written by Bill Kenner and Thom McHugh , and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Byrd that reached the top of the Billboard , giving Byrd his first Number One single .
`` It 's All About You ( Not About Me ) '' is the first single from Tracie Spencer 's third album , Tracie .
`` Cuando Respiro En Tu Boca '' ( When I Breath in Your Mouth ) is an alternative rock song by Chilean rock band Lucybell .
`` Southern Girls '' is a song written by Rick Nielsen and Tom Petersson that was first released by Cheap Trick on their 1977 album In Color , produced by Tom Werman .
Al Posto del Mondo ( The Place of the World ) is Italian jazz vocalist Chiara Civello 's fourth album and the first album recorded and produced entirely by Chiara in Italy .
Lap of Luxury is the tenth studio album by American band Cheap Trick .
The Reason Why I 'm Talking S -- t is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1975 and released on the Atlantic label .
Dance to the Duke ! is an album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Capitol label in 1953 .
`` Cash in My Pocket''is a 2008 single from British grime artist Wiley , which features guest vocals from Daniel Merriweather and was produced by Mark Ronson .
Broadcast to the World is the sixth studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead .
Performance ( Quartet ) 1979 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in Switzerland in 1979 and released on the hatART label .
Clan Destiny is the nineteenth album from rock band Wishbone Ash .
`` Love & Pride '' is the debut single by Coventry band King , produced by Richard James Burgess from their first studio album Steps in Time ( 1984 ) .
The Rise of Brutality is the third album by American metalcore band Hatebreed .
Bass Desires is a 1985 studio album by jazz bassist Marc Johnson released on the ECM label .
`` She Drives Me Crazy '' is a song recorded by English group Fine Young Cannibals , included on their 1988 album The Raw & the Cooked .
`` I Go Ape '' is the second single by Neil Sedaka , immediately following his success with the debut single `` The Diary '' , and was written by Sedaka himself and Howard Greenfield .
`` Jammin ' Me '' is the first single from Let Me Up ( I 've Had Enough ) , an 1987 album by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .
Walking with the Beggar Boys is the 2004 release by indie rock band Elf Power .
`` Halfcrazy '' is a song performed by Musiq Soulchild ( then credited as Musiq ) , issued as the lead single from his second studio album Juslisen .
Standing in the Spotlight is the first solo studio album by Dee Dee Ramone released in 1989 , under the rap moniker Dee Dee King .
Charcoal Charlie , is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1986 .
`` Sun Is Shining '' is a song by Bob Marley & The Wailers first appearing on the Lee Perry - produced album Soul Revolution in 1971 , and then on African Herbsman in 1973 .
`` F.U.R.B. ( Fuck You Right Back ) '' ( censored on the single art and publicly as `` F.U.R.B. ( F U Right Back ) '' ) is a song by American pop / R&B singer Frankee from her debut studio album , The Good , the Bad , the Ugly .
`` Mystery Game '' is a single by Irish group Clannad .
' ' ' ' Over Bjoergvin graater himmerik is the second full - length album from Norwegian black metal band Taake .
A Different Kind of Tension is the third studio album by English pop punk band Buzzcocks .
`` The Day That Never Comes '' is a song by heavy metal band Metallica , and the lead single from their ninth studio album , Death Magnetic .
The Blessed Unrest is the fourth studio album and third major - label album by American singer - songwriter Sara Bareilles .
`` Pretty Penny '' is a 1995 promo single from Stone Temple Pilots ' 1994 album Purple .
`` The Sound of San Francisco '' ( or `` San Francisco Dreaming ' '' ) is a song by the Austrian house group Global Deejays .
Hail Destroyer is Cancer Bats ' second full - length album .
`` Crying Out Your Name '' is a song performed by Swedish pop singer and music producer Loreen , it was released as the fourth single from her debut studio album Heal ( 2012 ) .
Late for the Sky is the third album by American singer -- songwriter Jackson Browne , released in 1974 ( see 1974 in music ) .
The Nubians of Plutonia is an album recorded by Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra c.1958 - 1959 and released c.1966 on his own Saturn label .
Everyone Deserves Music is the fourth studio release by Michael Franti & Spearhead .
Perto de Deus ( in English : `` Near God '' ) is an album of Brazilian reggae band Cidade Negra , released in 2004 .
Run to Be Born is the title of Walking Concert 's debut album which was released on September 7 , 2004 .
Prison of Desire is the debut album by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever .
L'Homme de la Mancha ( English : The man of la Mancha ) is Jacques Brel 's eleventh studio album .
Kissanelämää is the third solo studio album by a Finnish singer - songwriter Aki Sirkesalo .
Live at Grimey 's is a live album by the American heavy metal band Metallica .
Blask Szminki ( Polish for glitter of a lipstick ) is an album released by Polish punk rock band The Analogs .
Mad , Bad and Dangerous is the second album released by the late-80s hard rock band Blue Tears .
Hey Trouble is the third studio album by The Concretes , and their first after the departure of lead vocalist Victoria Bergsman .
Coming of Rage is the third album by the Pittsburgh heavy rock band Motorpsychos .
Keep No Score is second full - length album by alternative rock band Sleeping at Last .
Terroreign ( Apocalyptic Armageddon Command ) is the sixth studio album by Singaporean black metal band Impiety , released in 2009 through Agonia Records .
`` What U Do 2 Me '' is a song by Boomkat , released as the second and final single taken from their debut album Boomkatalog . One ( 2003 ) .
`` Desde Cuándo '' ( English : Since When ) is a song by Spanish singer Alejandro Sanz .
I Only Wanted You is the sixth solo studio album released by American country music singer , Marie Osmond .
Lord of the Birdcage is the 16th full - length solo studio album released by singer - songwriter Robert Pollard since 1996 .
Peat Fire Flame is an album recorded in 1977 by The Corries , a Scottish folk group .
`` What About the Love '' is a song written by Kye Fleming & Janis Ian and released as a 1988 single by Christian music singer Amy Grant .
`` So Much Love to Give '' is a 2002 single released by French house duo Together , consisting of Thomas Bangalter and DJ Falcon .
Wingless Angels is an album released in 1975 and it is the eighth album by folk musician John Stewart , former member of the Kingston Trio .
Jessica Fletcher ( born Jessica Beatrice MacGill , known as J.B. Fletcher when writing ) is a character and the protagonist portrayed by veteran Tony - winning actress Angela Lansbury on the American television series Murder , She Wrote .
Songs of Mass Destruction is the fourth studio album by Annie Lennox , released on 1 October 2007 .
`` Lean On '' is a song recorded by American / British / Jamaican electronic music group Major Lazer and French producer DJ Snake , taken from the former 's third studio album , Peace Is the Mission ( 2015 ) , featuring vocals from Danish singer MØ .
Discolized is the debut album from the Danish House DJ and producer Kato in collaboration with a number of DJs and vocal artists .
Crush Tonight is the lead single taken from Fat Joe 's 2002 album Loyalty .
Produced by N.O. Joe , `` Among the Walking Dead '' featured an uncredited guest appearance by Scarface 's group , Facemob .
`` Take My Heart ( You Can Have It If You Want It ) '' is a 1981 single by Kool & the Gang from their album , Something Special .
`` Dear Prudence '' is a song by the English rock group the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles ( also known as `` the White Album '' ) .
Inner Revolution is the sixth solo album by Adrian Belew , originally released in 1992 .
`` Baby Sister '' is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson , the final taken from her fourth album Imagination .
`` Foxy Foxy '' is the first promotional single off Rob Zombie 's third solo album Educated Horses .
`` Real Muthaphuckkin G 's '' ( alternatively `` Real Compton City G 's '' ) is a 1993 song by West Coast rapper Eazy - E from his album It 's On ( Dr. Dre ) 187um Killa .
The 2004 album You Are Under Surveillance is the second full - length album from the noise rock band , Replicator .
`` Kiss from a Rose '' is a song from Seal 's second eponymous album .
`` Stand Up for Your Love Rights '' is a 1988 single performed by Yazz .
Fancy Chamber Music is an album by American composer , bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with a chamber ensemble recorded in England in 1997 and released on the Watt / ECM label in 1998 .
`` Sacred Trust / After You 're Gone '' is the debut double - A side single by One True Voice .
`` Luv 4 Dem Gangsta'z '' , also known as Luv 4 Dem G'z , is a single by Eazy - E from the Beverly Hills Cop III soundtrack , the single was later included on the Eazy - E 's compilation , Featuring ...
Shimaliw ' Osatana is the debut album by Namibian kwaito master The Dogg , released in February 2004 through RC - Ghetto Records .
`` Agua y Sal '' ( Italian : `` Acqua E Sale '' ) ( English : Salt and Water ) is a song written by Gianni Donzelli , Vincenzo Leomporro and Samuel Cerri , produced by Massimiliano Pani , and recorded by Italian singer Mina and Adriano Celentano in 1998 for the album Mina / Celentano .
`` No Panties '' is an R&B - Hip hop song written by American female rappers Trina , and Missy `` Misdemeanor '' Elliott for Trina 's second studio album , Diamond Princess .
The Power to Believe is the thirteenth studio album by the band King Crimson released in 2003 , a companion to the preceding mini - album Happy With What You Have to Be Happy With ( 2002 ) .
Beyond the Notes is a studio album by former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord , released in 2004 .
Love & Gravity is the third studio album released by the American country music group Blackhawk .
El Mariel is the second studio album by Cuban - American rapper Pitbull .
`` Lost in the Echo '' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park , from their fifth studio album Living Things .
Harris Ryland is a character in the American television series Dallas , played by Mitch Pileggi .
Here Comes the Rumour Mill is a song by English indie rock band Young Knives and is featured on their debut album , Voices of Animals and Men .
Nasıl Delirdim ? ( How Did I Go Mad ? ) is the fifth studio album by Turkish singer - songwriter Hande Yener , released on May 15 , 2007 by Erol Köse Exclusive .
`` On the Wings of a Nightingale '' is a song written and composed by Paul McCartney and recorded by the Everly Brothers in 1984 for their album EB 84 , which Dave Edmunds produced .
The Abbey Road Sessions / The Walk is an album released by contemporary Christian music singer Steven Curtis Chapman .
La République des Meteors ( The Republic of Meteors ) is the eleventh studio album by French band Indochine .
Balkansko a naše ( roughly translated as From Balkans , But Ours ) is the fourth solo , studio album by Bosnian rapper Edo Maajka , released on 25 March 2008 .
Falling in Between Live is the fourth live album by American band Toto , released in 2007 .
`` Soul Inspiration '' is a 1990 song by American recording artist Anita Baker .
`` Blood on Our Hands '' was the second single from Death from Above 1979 's album You 're a Woman , I 'm a Machine .
Ghetto , Gutter & Gangsta is the sixth album by the American gangsta rapper Mack 10 .
Déjame Decir Que Te Amo is the debut album released in 1985 by Guatemalan singer - songwriter Ricardo Arjona .
Random Spirit Lover is Sunset Rubdown 's third LP , released on October 9 , 2007 .
`` L'Americano '' is a song performed by five piece band The Gypsy Queens , featuring The Boys from Made in Chelsea , released on December 13 , 2012 as a digital download in the United Kingdom on iTunes , peaking to number 53 on the UK Singles Chart .
`` Armageddon It '' is a song by the English hard rock band Def Leppard from their 1987 album Hysteria .
Ill Innocence is the second full album of the Japanese band Gallhammer .
`` I Ca n't Stop Loving You ( Though I Try ) '' is a song written by Billy Nicholls and first released by Leo Sayer from his 1978 self - titled album on the Chrysalis label .
Entre Lunas ( Between Moons ) is an album , by Mexican pop singer Emmanuel ( singer ) was released in 1987 .
`` Caribbean Blue '' is a song by Irish musician Enya originally released as the second track on her 1991 album Shepherd Moons .
`` Talking to You '' was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 , performed in English by Jakob Sveistrup .
`` Sitting in the Midday Sun '' is a song by British rock band The Kinks , written by their frontman and main songwriter Ray Davies .
`` Ojalá Pudiera Borrarte '' is a song recorded and performed by Mexican Latin rock group Maná .
Farover is the tenth albums by Grammy Award winning Jamaican roots reggae singer and musician Winston Rodney under the name of Burning Spear .
The Stillest Hour is the second studio album by former Australian Idol star Carl Riseley .
It 's Not Killing Me is the debut solo album by American blues guitarist Mike Bloomfield and was released in 1969 .
USADSB is the second studio album by Danish rock band Nephew .
Earthsick is an album by American alternative hip hop sextet Subtle .
17 Pine Avenue is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage .
Walking Cloud and Deep Red Sky , Flag Fluttered and the Sun Shined is an album by Mono , released in 2004 .
`` All You Ever Knew '' is a metalcore song written and performed by American band Eyes Set to Kill .
`` Somewhere in the Vicinity of the Heart '' is a song written by Bill LaBounty and Rick Chudacoff , and recorded by American country music band Shenandoah with a guest vocal from bluegrass singer Alison Krauss .
Humanize Human is the fifth and final album by French metal band Massacra .
`` Give Me That '' is the first single by American rapper Webbie from his 2005 album Savage Life .
Spiritech is the third full - length studio album by the Australian progressive metal band , Alchemist .
¡ Megaton Shotblast ! is the debut album by De Facto .
La mia risposta is Italian singer - songwriter Laura Pausini 's fifth studio album , issued by CGD East West ( Warner ) Records in 1998 .
Kinanda is the second studio album by Norwegian - Kenyan singer Stella Mwangi , released on June 10 , 2011 in Norway .
Orquideas Susurrantes ( In English : Whispering Orchids ) , is the second studio album by the Latin jazz Mexican singer Magos Herrera .
Where I 'm Coming From is a 1971 album by Stevie Wonder .
`` Slave to Love '' is the first single released from Roxy Music singer Bryan Ferry 's 1985 release , Boys and Girls .
Only Sparrows is the third full length studio album by Australian singer / songwriter , poet and musician , Josh Pyke .
Long Live Rock ' n ' Roll is the third studio album released by the British hard rock band Rainbow , released in 1978 , and the last to feature original lead vocalist Ronnie James Dio .
Guitar Song is a 2001 single release by Texas taken from their greatest hits album The Greatest Hits .
Storm Windows is the seventh album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine , released in 1980 .
Sings America is an album released by David Hasselhoff in 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) .
`` Écris l'histoire '' is the debut and most successful single from French singer Grégory Lemarchal .
Music for the Jilted Generation is the second studio album by English electronic dance music band The Prodigy .
Ben Bu Şarkıyı Sana Yazdım ( I Wrote This Song for You ) is the first album by Cem Adrian .
Crystal Logic is an album released by Manilla Road in 1983 ( and reissued in 2002 ) .
Caterina Latin Album is an album from Caterina Valente .
Slowly We Rot is the debut album by American death metal band Obituary .
`` Do n't You Think It 's Time ? '' is the first single to be taken from Bob Evans ' ( aka Kevin Mitchell from Jebediah ) second album Suburban Songbook .
Head Games is the third studio album by Anglo American rock band Foreigner , released in 1979 .
Cat ' n ' Mouse is an album by guitarist John Abercrombie with violinist Mark Feldman , bassist Marc Johnson , and drummer Joey Baron recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label
Lewis II is the second album by the British neo - soul composer and multi - instrumentalist Lewis Taylor , released in 2000 .
Broadway , Right Now ! is a 1960 album by Mel Tormé and Margaret Whiting , arranged by Russell Garcia .
`` Auld Lang Syne ( The New Year 's Anthem ) '' is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her second Christmas album / thirteenth studio album , Merry Christmas II You ( 2010 ) .
Their Satanic Majesties ' Second Request is the fourth studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre .
`` Running Away '' is a single recorded by Hoobastank .
Awaking the Centuries is the second full - length album by the German symphonic metal band Haggard .
`` Thinking Out Loud '' is a song by English singer - songwriter , Ed Sheeran , recorded for his second studio album , × ( 2014 ) .
Nightmerica is the only studio album released by American punk band Love Equals Death .
Change of Pace is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Riverside label .
`` Hit the Freeway '' is a song by the American recording artist Toni Braxton , released as the lead - single from her fourth studio album , More Than a Woman ( 2002 ) .
Irresistible Forces is an album by Jack DeJohnette 's Special Edition , featuring Greg Osby , Gary Thomas , Mick Goodrick , Lonnie Plaxico and Naná Vasconcelos , recorded in 1987 and released on the MCA label .
Far Gone is the third studio album by Seattle Grunge band Love Battery , released in 1993 , through Sub Pop . It received generally negative reviews from critics and fans , often described as a disappointment compared to their previous album , Dayglo .
The Product of Pain is the second album for Houston rap artist Gemini .
The Big Zane Theory is the second album by rapper , Zane ( Formerly Lil ' Zane ) .
Voyage d'une mélodie is a 2011 multilingual album by the French singer of Jewish Algerian origin Enrico Macias , after five years of absence due to the death of his wife .
Wonderful , Glorious is the tenth studio album by American indie pop band Eels , released in 2013 by record labels Vagrant and E Works .
Otra Cosa ( `` Another Thing '' ) is the title of the fifth studio album by Mexican singer - songwriter Julieta Venegas , released worldwide on March 16 , 2010 .
`` Somos de Calle '' ( English : We 're from the Street ) is a promo single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Daddy Yankee , released for promotion of the 2008 film Talento de Barrio ( see 2008 in film ) .
Selfish Machines is the second studio album from post - hardcore band Pierce the Veil , released by Equal Vision on June 22 , 2010 .
Box of Tricks is a compilation box set by Queen which was sold in England in 1992 for £ 50 .
Á fold eru túsund gudar is a studioalbum by the Faroese singer / songwriter Hanus G. Johansen .
`` Do n't Cry for Pain '' is the second single released by Swedish pop rock singer Ana Johnsson , featured on her worldwide debut album The Way I Am .
`` Still Po Pimpin '' was the lead single from Do or Die 's second album , Headz or Tailz .
`` Seven Seas Symphony '' is an instrumental composed by Barry , Robin & Maurice Gibb , released on the Bee Gees album Odessa in March 1969 .
`` What You Do ( Bastard ) '' is New Zealand band Stellar * 's second single , and their first single from their debut album Mix . The single includes two remixes of the title track .
Sibling Revelry is the debut album by American progressive rock band The Flyin ' Ryan Brothers , released in 1996 .
`` A Good Heart '' is a single by Northern Irish singer Feargal Sharkey , from his self - titled album .
Fatal Portrait is the debut album by the heavy metal band King Diamond .
Whitechocolatespaceegg ( or whitechocolatespaceegg as typeset on the cover art ) is the third studio album by American singer - songwriter Liz Phair , released in 1998 ( See 1998 in music ) .
The Groovy Sound of Music is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1964 and released on the RCA label which features jazz interpretations of tunes from the Broadway musical The Sound of Music written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II .
To the Secrets and Knowledge is the fourth studio album released by the Christian rock band Number One Gun .
`` We Cry '' is the debut single by Irish band The Script .
Fight the Feeling , released in 2002 , is the fourth album by Luis Fonsi , and to date , the only one released in English .
Let 's Just Be is the sixth studio album by Joseph Arthur , and his first with his backing band The Lonely Astronauts .
`` Thuli Thuli '' is a song from the 2010 Tamil feature film Paiyaa , composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja .
Herr Jimsons Äventyr ( The adventures of Mr. Jimson ) is the ninth and , as of as of 2007 , latest studio album by Swedish pop music artist Mauro Scocco .
Slave of Kiss is the first EP released by Nana Kitade .
`` Mind Playing Tricks on Me '' is a single by the Geto Boys , featured on their 1991 album We Ca n't Be Stopped .
Set in contemporary New York , the series features Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson .
`` En el muelle de San Blas '' ( English : `` On the Wharf of San Blas '' ) is the fourth radio single and eighth track off of Maná 's fifth studio album , Sueños Líquidos ( 1997 ) .
Just Like the Fambly Cat is the fourth and final studio album by American indie rock band Grandaddy .
Tiny Pictures is the second and final album from Canadian rock band Thornley .
Microphone Champion is the second Studio album by Grime artist Skepta , released on 1 June 2009 .
`` Mr. Spaceman '' is a song by the American rock band The Byrds and was the third track on their 1966 album Fifth Dimension .
`` Upuan '' ( lit . chair ) is the first single of Filipino rapper Gloc-9 , from his fourth album Matrikula .
Strange Cousins from the West is the ninth full - length studio album by rock band Clutch .
`` What 's the Ugliest Part of Your Body ? '' is a song written by Frank Zappa and released on the Mothers of Invention album We 're Only in It for the Money in 1968 .
Our Live Album Is Better than Your Live Album is a 2-disc live album by ska - punk band Reel Big Fish composed of both an extended length Reel Big Fish live set list , and a DVD of a March 2006 live show that also includes documentary footage on the band .
`` I 'm Shipping Up to Boston '' is a song by American Celtic punk band Dropkick Murphys .
Love at the Bottom of the Sea is the tenth studio album by American indie pop band The Magnetic Fields .
Reflektor is the fourth studio album by the Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire , released on October 28 , 2013 on Merge Records .
`` All Out of Love '' is a pop ballad by the Australian soft rock duo Air Supply , released in 1980 .
A Tribute to the Cathedral Quartet is a CD / DVD released by Christian gospel quartet Ernie Haase & Signature Sound .
`` Gettin ' Jiggy wit It '' is a single by American actor and rapper Will Smith , released as the third cut from his debut solo album Big Willie Style ( 1997 ) .
Release Yourself is second album by Graham Central Station , released in 1974 .
Somethin' Groovy ! is a 1967 studio album by Peggy Lee .
Saltash Bells is a solo album by the English saxophonist John Surman , recorded in 2009 and released on the ECM label in 2012 .
Floored is the second studio album by American rock band Sugar Ray , released on June 24 , 1997 .
The Present is the eleventh album by The Moody Blues , released in 1983 .
Skitter on Take - Off is an album by Vic Chesnutt , the last of his albums released prior to his death , and his first on Vapor Records .
`` Take Me Down '' is a song recorded by American country music band Alabama .
`` Rendez - Vu '' is a song by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx .
The Latest is the sixteenth studio album by the American power pop band Cheap Trick .
Echo Passage is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Alio Die ( Stefano Musso ) and Vidna Obmana ( Dirk Serries ) .
Vet du vad jag vet is a 1994 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna .
`` Freunde '' ( Friends ) is a song by Die Toten Hosen .
Chase the Clouds is a 1991 album performed by Keedy , an American pop rock singer .
In Lust We Trust is the second album by Swedish glam rock band The Ark , released on 26 August 2002 .
Nichts passiert ( engl . Nothing happens ) is the third studio album by German band Silbermond .
`` Something ' Bout Love '' is the official first single by singer - songwriter David Archuleta from his second pop album The Other Side of Down which was released on October 5 , 2010 .
Under the Angels is the tenth studio album by the British singer - songwriter Judie Tzuke , released in 1996 .
Dopádromo ( Drug - O - Rama ) is the third album by Argentine rock group Babasónicos .
Score to a New Beginning is the third studio album by the symphonic power metal band Fairyland .
`` A Fifth of Beethoven '' is a disco instrumental recorded by Walter Murphy and the Big Apple Band .
Not That Kind is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Anastacia , released on June 16 , 2000 by Epic Records .
Krigsman ( Warrior ) is the third album by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem , released in 1981 .
Nový človek is the debut album by Majk Spirit released on November 11 , 2011 on BeatBan Records .
Sunken Treasures is the third release by Tempest .
Still Fantasy ( Chinese : 依然范特西 ; pinyin : Yī Rán Fàn Tè Xī ) is the seventh studio album by Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou .
`` One Bad Thing '' is a song written by Barry Gibb in 1969 , with Maurice Gibb Re - recorded by Gibb for his debut solo LP The Kid 's No Good .
`` We Deal in Dreams '' is a song by alternative rock group Live , which was released as the only single from their 2004 greatest hits album , Awake :
Released in 2000 , Makin ' Love Is Good for You is the thirty - eighth B. B. King studio album .
`` En Bancarrota '' ( `` In Bankruptcy '' ) is a song written , performed and produced by Spanish singer - songwriter Braulio García .
E - Bay Queen is the debut studio album recorded in English by Greek female synthpop duo Marsheaux .
Waitin ' for the Night is the third studio album from The Runaways released in 1977 .
`` That Girl Could Sing '' is a hit single written and performed by Jackson Browne from his 1980 album Hold Out .
`` Meet Virginia '' is a song written and recorded by American pop rock band Train .
Hot Rail is the third studio album of Arizona indie rock band Calexico .
One Night in Japan is an unofficial live album by American recording artist Michael Jackson .
`` Wearing My Rolex '' is a 2008 single from British grime artist Wiley who is a founding member of the Roll Deep crew .
`` Little Jeannie '' ( spelled `` Little Jeanie '' on the cover of the single ) is a song by Elton John and Gary Osborne , recorded by John and released as a single in 1980 from John 's album 21 at 33 .
`` Life Is Better with You '' is the fourth single by Eskimo Joe , taken from their second studio album A Song Is a City .
The Lost Chords find Paolo Fresu is an album by American composer , bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with Andy Sheppard , Steve Swallow , and Billy Drummond and Paolo Fresu recorded in Europe in 2007 and released on the Watt / ECM label .
`` Our Lips Are Sealed '' is a song written by The Go - Go 's guitarist Jane Wiedlin and The Specials and Fun Boy Three singer Terry Hall .
`` A Lovely Day Tomorrow '' was a one - off single from British Sea Power , only released to shops in the Czech Republic but available at certain shows and via mail order in the United Kingdom .
Scourge of Malice is the third studio album by the Melodic death metal band Graveworm , released in 2001 through Last Episode .
Here Are the Young Moderns , released on January 9 , 1998 , was Kill Hannah 's debut album under their current name , and has been out of print for some time .
`` So Cruel '' is a song by rock band U2 .
Talkin ' & Walkin ' is an album by pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1955 and originally released on the Jazz :
The Changing Same is the third studio album to be released by Japanese singer Ken Hirai .
`` Follow the Nightingale '' is a song by Kokia , released as her 18th single on November 21 , 2007 .
Deer Wan is an album by Kenny Wheeler featuring performances by Wheeler with Jan Garbarek , John Abercrombie , Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette with Ralph Towner appearing on one track .
Tell Me I 'm Not Dreaming is a song by Welsh classical singer Katherine Jenkins , released as the first single from the platinum edition of her seventh studio album Believe , and sixth single from the album as a whole .
3.6.3 is the fifth live album by French new wave band Indochine .
Now I 'm a Cowboy is the 1994 second album by British alternative rock band The Auteurs .
Big Moon Ritual is the debut studio album by American blues rock band Chris Robinson Brotherhood .
`` The Boy Does Nothing '' is a song performed by English singer - songwriter Alesha Dixon .
Carolina County Ball was the second album by the rock band Elf , released as an LP in 1974 on the MGM label .
The second version of `` The Wheel of Hurt '' was by the American performer Margaret Whiting , a noted singer who had over 40 charting hit singles in the U.S. between 1946 and 1954 .
`` Sex Me '' is the first solo single released by R&B singer R. Kelly , released as the first single from his solo debut album , 12 Play .
`` Baby Scratch My Back '' is a 1966 R&B song by blues singer , Slim Harpo .
Giant Box is a double album by American arranger / conductor and composer Don Sebesky featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the CTI label .
In Swings the Tide is the third studio album by New Zealand Pop recording artist Anika Moa .
Good Bad Not Evil is the fourth studio album by garage rock band Black Lips .
Thieving from the House of God is the fifth full - length album by Orange Goblin released in 2004 .
`` Washed by the Water '' is a 2007 song by the Christian rock band Needtobreathe from their second studio album The Heat .
Loaded , Leather , Moonroof is the title of a recording by Canadian guitarist Don Ross , released in 1997 .
`` Quelle Surprise '' is a single by British rock band Enter Shikari , released on May 19 , 2011 .
Radio Retaliation is the fifth studio album of electronica band Thievery Corporation .
`` The Bitch Is Back '' is a rock song by Elton John , written with Bernie Taupin .
Quiéreme Más ( `` Love Me More '' ) is the title of a studio album released by Duranguense music band Patrulla 81 .
Deaf to Our Prayers is the fourth full - length album by the German extreme metal band Heaven Shall Burn .
Erdenkraft is the fourth album by the German folk / black / viking metal band , Adorned Brood .
The Chipmunk Songbook is an album by Alvin and the Chipmunks with David Seville .
`` Silly Ho '' is a song recorded by R&B girl group TLC for their album FanMail .
La Ultima / Live in Berlin is the sixth live album and the fifth concert movie of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz .
Lets Get Killed is the second studio album by Belfast electronica DJ and producer David Holmes .
`` I 'm Not Your Toy '' is a song by English synthpop duo La Roux from their self - titled debut album , La Roux .
Opus Eponymous ( Latin for the self - titled work ) is the debut album by Swedish heavy metal band Ghost , released on October 18 , 2010 .
Satan Is Real Again , or Feeling Good About Bad Thoughts , released in 1996 , is the second album by Country Teasers .
`` I Shall Overcome '' is the third single from English indie rock band Hard - Fi 's second album Once Upon a Time in the West .
C'est pour toi ( meaning It 's For You ) is a French studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released in Quebec , Canada on 27 August 1985 .
Livin ' Inside Your Love is a double - LP by jazz musician George Benson , which was released in 1979 .
Dark Sneak Love Action is a 1991 album by Tom Tom Club and included the band 's cover of the Hot Chocolate track `` You Sexy Thing . ''
To All We Stretch the Open Arm is a collection of political songs by a variety of songwriters , performed by Mirah and the Black Cat Orchestra .
Canción de Alerta is the first album by the Puerto Rican reggae band , Cultura Profética .
`` I Like the Way She Do It '' is the lead single from G - Unit 's second album , T.O.S :
Sitnije , Cile , sitnije ( English : Less , Cile , Less ) is an extended play by Yugoslav pop - folk singer Lepa Brena .
Black Sheets of Rain is the second solo album by former Hüsker Dü guitarist and singer Bob Mould and features the Modern Rock Top 10 hit `` It 's Too Late . ''
Les Bourgeois ( English : The middle class ) is the sixth studio album by Jacques Brel .
`` Be Proud Be Loud ( Be Heard ) '' is the twelfth UK single by the band Toyah , fronted by Toyah Willcox , and was released in 1982 .
`` Turn the Music Louder ( Rumble ) '' is a song recorded by British DJ KDA .
Babacar N'Diaye ( born 12 December 1973 in Thiès ) was a Senegalese footballer who played at last for SC Preußen Münster .
Brian Azzarello ( born in Cleveland , Ohio , August 11 , 1962 ) is an American comic book writer .
Alexander Pusch ( born 15 May 1955 in Tauberbischofsheim , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition .
Dan Ariely was born in New York City while his father was studying for an MBA degree at Columbia University .
Bruno Maderna was born Bruno Grossato in Venice but later decided to take the name of his mother , Caterina Maderna .
Joseph Bloomfield was born in Woodbridge Township , New Jersey to Moses Bloomfield , a physician , and Sarah Ogden .
Christine Poon , born c. 1952 in Brentwood , Missouri , is an American business executive .
Valeri Yevgenyevich Sorokin ( Russian : Валерий Евгеньевич Сорокин ; born 6 January 1985 in Stavropol ) is a Russian football player .
Vuk Kostić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вук Костић ; born November 22 , 1979 , in Belgrade , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian actor , famous of his roles in films Apsolutnih 100 , Stvar srca and Klopka .
Daniele Danesin ( born 7 December 1985 in Como ) is an Italian rower , who has won five gold medals at various World Rowing Championships .
Franz Thonner ( 1863 - -1928 ) was an Austrian taxonomist and botanist from Vienna .
Mat Johnson ( born in Philadelphia August 19 , 1970 ) is an American writer of literary fiction who works in both prose and the comics format .
Wolfgang Uhle ( 1512 in Elterlein -- 7 April 1594 in Breitenbrunn ) was a German Lutheran priest , known as `` the Plague Pastor of Annaberg ( Pestpfarrer von Annaberg ) .
Fuller was born on July 12 , 1895 , in Milton , Massachusetts , the son of Richard Buckminster Fuller and Caroline Wolcott Andrews , and also the grand - nephew of the American Transcendentalist Margaret Fuller .
Carlo Bonomi ( born March 12 , 1937 in Milan ) is an Italian voice actor and actor , who provided the voices for the claymated TV series Pingu on SF DRS during its first four seasons produced between 1986 and 2000 .
Johann Reichhart was born in Wichenbach near Wörth an der Donau into a family of executioners and knackers going back eight generations to the mid - eighteenth century , which included his uncle Franz Xaver and his brother Michael .
Johann Franz von Schönau - Zell was born in Ensisheim on July 15 , 1619 , the son of Marx Jakob von Schönau and of Margaretha von Reinach .
Angelo Vaccaro ( born 4 October 1981 in Tübingen , Germany ) is an Italian football player who currently plays for FC Homburg .
Pietro Veneri ( born 1964 ) is an Italian conductor , and professor of conducting at the Conservatorio Arrigo Boito in Parma .
Arnulf Zitelmann ( born 9 March 1929 in Oberhausen - Sterkrade ) studied philosophy and theology .
Marcel Pagnol was born on 28 February 1895 in Aubagne , Bouches - du - Rhône département , in southern France near Marseille , the eldest son of schoolteacher Joseph PagnolA and seamstress Augustine Lansot . B Marcel Pagnol grew up in Marseille with his younger brothers Paul and René , and younger sister Germaine .
Katharina Müller - Elmau ( * 13 . September 1965 in Göttingen ) is a German actress .
Hila Lulu Lin artist , born 1964 , Afula , Israel .
Michael Shaowanasai , ( Thai : ไมเคิล เชาวนาศัย , born in 1964 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) , is a Thai - American artist and actor who lives in Bangkok .
Stuart Brennan ( born 8 October 1982 , Barnstaple , North Devon ) is a BAFTA winning British actor , writer , producer and director .
Robert Dexter Conrad , born on 20 March 1905 in Orange , Massachusetts , graduated from the United States Naval Academy and was commissioned ensign in June 1927 .
Shauna Rolston ( born 31 January 1967 Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian cellist .
António Pedro Nobre Carmona Rodrigues ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kaɾˈmonɐ ʁuˈdɾiɡɨʃ ) ; born 23 June 1956 in Alvalade , Lisbon ) , grand - nephew of Óscar Carmona , is a university professor and a Portuguese politician .
Pamela Sargent was born in Ithaca , New York , and raised as an atheist .
Kristi Angus ( born August 21 , 1971 in Kelowna , British Columbia ) is a Canadian actress who has appeared as a guest star in episodic roles in TV series , such as The Twilight Zone , Earth :
Fredrik Lassas ( born 1 October 1996 in Porvoo ) is a Finnish footballer , who represents FC Köln II .
Alfred Miodowicz ( born June 28 , 1929 in Poznań ) is a former Polish politician and trade union activist .
Alejandro Cremades ( born in Zurich in 1985 ) is a Spanish author and entrepreneur based in New York .
John Adikes Bond is an author , attorney , poker player , political activist and real estate developer born in Jamaica , New York January 14 , 1955 .
Jeanne Betancourt ( born October 2 , 1941 in Vermont ) is an American author and television script writer best known for her Pony Pals series of books .
Jia Yueting ( Chinese : 贾跃亭 ; pinyin : Jiǎ Yuètíng , born 1973 in Xiangfen County , Shanxi ) is a Chinese entrepreneur , the founder and CEO of Letv .
He was born in Leiden as the son of Derck van Noort , and was not , as some sources claim , the son of Pieter van Noort ( ca . 1592 - after 1634 ) .
Luigi Bassi , Pesaro , 5 September 1766 --
Elchin Safarli ( Azerbaijani : Elçin Səfərli ; born March 12 , 1984 in Baku , Azerbaijani SSR , USSR ) is an Azerbaijani novelist and journalist .
Born in Maulévrier in Maine - et - Loire , Jean - Marc Ayrault is the son of Joseph Ayrault , from Maulévrier , formerly an agricultural worker who was subsequently employed in a textile factory , and of Georgette Uzenot , a former seamstress who later became a full - time housewife .
Don Eddy ( born November 4 , 1944 ; Long Beach , California ) is an American painter who gained initial fame as a photorealist ; but his recent works have veered into the realm of metaphysics .
Minnijean Brown - Trickey ( born September 11 , 1941 ) was one of a group of African American teenagers known as the `` Little Rock Nine . ''
Daniel Wolf ( born 4 May 1985 in Vienna ) is an Austrian association footballer who currently plays for TSV Hartberg .
Harry Macfie , born February 11 , 1879 in Lysekil , died October 27 , 1956 , was a Swedish adventurer , writer and businessman .
Abbas Sarkhab ( Persian : عباس سرخاب‎‎ , born 21 March 1970 in Minab ) is an Iranian retired football player and coach who currently manages Kargar Boneh Gaz in Iranian Second Division .
Giovanni Zucca ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒoˈvanni ˈdzukka ) ; born December 11 , 1907 in Sestri Ponente ) was an Italian professional football player .
Marco Borciani ( born 7 December 1975 in Desenzano del Garda ) is a retired Italian motorcycle racer , now motorcycle racing team owner and manager .
Jeroen Willems was born on 15 November 1962 in Maastricht as the third child of a drama teacher and an elocutionist .
Henny Thijssen ( born 1952 , Enschede ) is a Dutch singer - composer .
Anna Sztankovics ( born January 10 , 1996 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian swimmer , who specializes in the breaststroke events .
Achille Zavatta was born in La Goulette , Tunisia , the son of Federico Zavatta , a circus owner .
Janie Lou Gibbs ( December 25 , 1932 -- February 7 , 2010 ) was an American serial killer from Cordele , Georgia , who killed her three sons , a grandson , and her husband , by poisoning them with rat poison in 1966 and 1967 .
Larry Oltmanns ( born 1951 , Rockford , Illinois , USA ) is an American architect .
Yaser Bakhtiari ( Persian : یاسر بختیاری‎‎ ; born 1982 in Tehran ) , better known by his stage name Yas ( یاس ) , is an Iranian rapper .
Giovanni Galeone ( born January 25 , 1941 in Naples ) is an Italian football ( soccer ) manager .
Engla Maria Magdalena Graaf ( born 2 September 1975 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish model , singer , and author .
Bojan Vuletić ( born June 11 , 1971 in Belgrade ) is a composer , musician and producer .
Uwe Karpa ( born 18 September 1945 in Berlin ) is a German actor , cabaret artist and voice actor .
Motzfeldt was born in Nesna , as a son of bailiff Birger Fredrik Motzfeldt and Augusta Marie Andersen .
Lucy Jane Bledsoe ( born February 1 , 1957 in Portland , Oregon , United States ) is a novelist and science writer , who writes both fiction and non - fiction books for children and adults .
John III of the Palatinate ( 7 May 1488 in Heidelberg -- 3 February 1538 ) was the 48th Archbishop of Regensburg .
Nick Downing ( born January 25 , 1980 in Redmond , Washington ) is a retired American professional soccer player who is currently the strength and conditioning coach for New England Revolution in Major League Soccer .
Georg Ruge ( June 19 , 1852 - January 21 , 1919 ) was a German anatomist and primatologist who was a native of Berlin .
Yakov Rubanchik was born into a photographer 's family in the city of Taganrog in 1899 .
Alibi Montana born in Villetaneuse , moved to the city of 4000 at La Courneuve , where he started his career in the 1990s with debut album T'as ma parole released in 1999 , followed by the compilation Mandat de dépôt in 2002 .
Erich Warsitz ( 18 October 1906 , Hattingen , Westphalia - 12 July 1983 ) was a German test pilot of the 1930s .
Screamin ' Scott Simon ( b. 12/9/1948 Kansas City , Missouri ) has been Sha Na Na 's piano - player since April 1970 .
David DiChiera ( /diːkaɪˈɛrə/ dee - ky - ERR - ə ; born 8 April 1935 in McKeesport , Pennsylvania ) is an American composer and founding general director of Michigan Opera Theatre .
Arthur Ehrhardt ( 21 March 1896 , Mengersgereuth - Hämmern , Saxe - Meiningen - 16 May 1971 ) was a German Waffen - SS officer and author on warfare who became a leading figure in the post - war neo - Nazi movement .
Alen Floričić ( born 1968 ) is a Croatian artist , working in ambient and installation art . Born in Pula , Istria , Floricic began his art career after graduating from a sculpture school in Rijeka in 1993 .
Nadjim Manseur ( Arabic : نجيم منصر‎ ; born June 8 , 1988 in Béjaïa ) is an Algerian middle distance runner , who specialized in the 800 metres .
David Ríos Insua ( born June 21 , 1964 in Madrid ) is a Spanish mathematician , and son and disciple of Sixto Ríos , father of Spanish Statistics .
Joseph Edward Crawshay Partridge was born 13 June 1879 in Llanthewy Court , Monmouth , near Abergavenny .
Vytautas Lukša ( born 14 August 1984 in Alytus ) is a Lithuanian professional football player currently playing for FK Žalgiris .
Hoyt Richards ( born April 10 , 1962 in Syracuse , New York ) is an American model and actor .
Seyid Shushinski ( Azerbaijani : Seyid Şuşinski ) , born Mir Mohsun Seyid Ibrahim oglu Shushinski ( 12 April 1889 , Horadiz -- 1 November 1965 , Baku ) , was an Azerbaijani khananda folk singer .
Cvijetin Blagojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Цвиjeтин Блaгojeвић ; born April 10 , 1955 in Tuzla ) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player .
Dennis Haueisen ( born 13 September 1978 in Gera ) is a retired German professional road bicycle racer who was active between 2001 and 2008 .
Oliver Pusztai ( Szombathely , 14 October 1981 ) is a Hungarian football player .
Barry Mahon , born Jackson Barrett Mahon ( February 5 , 1921 , Bakersfield , California -- December 4 , 1999 , Las Vegas , Nevada ) , was an American film director , cinematographer and producer .
Adam Zindani ( born 5 March 1972 , Birmingham , England ) is the guitarist for the Welsh - based rock group Stereophonics , and the lead vocalist and guitarist for the Birmingham - based band , Casino .
Alexander Kokorinov was born in Tobolsk in the family of a government clerk .
Sir Jack Hibbert was born in Huddersfield , Yorkshire , on 14 February 1932 .
Franc Luz ( born December 22 , 1950 , in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) is an American actor of stage , film and television seen in popular leading dramatic film roles in the 1980s and 1990s .
Karla Conway ( born July 5 , 1946 in Pasadena , California ) was the name used by the American model and artist Karla Jo Musacchia for her appearance as Playboy magazine 's Playmate of the Month for its April 1966 issue .
Bogdan Mitrea ( born 29 September 1987 in Cluj - Napoca ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Ascoli as a centre back .
Floyd MacMillan Davis was born on April 8 , 1896 and grew up in Chicago .
Bruce Cripps OBE ( born 2 November 1941 , Bognor Regis , Sussex , England ) known by his stage name Bruce Welch is an English guitarist , songwriter , producer and singer , best known as a member of The Shadows .
Helene Hanff ( April 15 , 1916 -- April 9 , 1997 ) was an American writer born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Bruno Bini ( born 1 October 1954 in Orléans ) is a former French football player and who managed of the French women 's national team .
Finley Peter Dunne ( July 10 , 1867 -- April 24 , 1936 ) was an American humorist and writer from Chicago .
Carmel Hanna MLA ( born 26 April 1946 , in Warrenpoint , County Down , Northern Ireland ) is an Irish politician .
Chu Kwok Kuen ( Chinese : 朱國權 ) is a former football player for the Hong Kong national football team .
Norio Ishizawa ( 石澤 典夫 Ishizawa Norio born August 16 , 1952 in Yokohama ) is a Japanese journalist and newscaster , currently working for NHK .
Klara Barlow ( July 28 , 1928 , Brooklyn , New York -- January 20 , 2008 , New York City ) was an American opera singer who had an active international career from the mid-1960s through the 1990s .
On February 12 , 1823 , Judson Dwight Collins was born into a Methodist family in Rose , Wayne County , New York .
Charles Frederick Briggs ( December 30 , 1804 -- June 20 , 1877 ) , also called C. F. Briggs , was an American journalist , author and editor , born in Nantucket , Massachusetts .
Lorenzo Regazzo , ( born in Venice ) is an opera singer .
Gonzague Vandooren ( born 19 August 1979 in Mouscron ) is a retired Belgian professional football player who was last attached to Lierse SK , being released following the 2011 - 12 season .
Ahmet Mesut Yılmaz ( Turkish pronunciation : ( meˈsut jɯɫˈmaz ) ; born 6 November 1947 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish politician .
Meryl Davis was born in Royal Oak , Michigan and raised in West Bloomfield Township , Michigan , the daughter of Cheryl and Paul D. Davis .
Janusz Piekałkiewicz ( 1925 in Warsaw -- March 9 , 1988 ) was a Polish underground soldier , historian , writer , as well as a television and cinema director and producer .
Anna Vissi was born on 20 December 1957 , in Pyla , a village near Larnaca , Cyprus .
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus ( /ˌdɛzɪˈdɪəriəs ɪˈræzməs/ ; 28 October 1466 -- 12 July 1536 ) , known as Erasmus of Rotterdam , or simply Erasmus , was a Dutch Renaissance humanist , Catholic priest , social critic , teacher , and theologian .
Jean - Louis Georgelin ( b. 30 August 1948 in Aspet , Haute - Garonne ) is a French Army General who was Chief of the Defence Staff ( `` Chef d'état - major des armées '' , CEMA ) between 4 October 2006 and 25 February 2010 .
Archibald Hamilton Rowan was born in the home of his grandfather , William Rowan , in London , and lived there with his mother and sister for much of his early life .
Melanie Putria Dewita Sari ( born 17 April 1982 in Jakarta ) is an Indonesian beauty queen , television hostess and actress .
Imke Duplitzer ( born 28 July 1975 in Karlsruhe ) is a German épée fencer .
Anton Maglica ( born 11 November 1991 in Brčko ) is a Bosnian - born Croatian football striker , currently playing for Apollon Limassol in the Cypriot First Division .
Matt O'Hea ( born 3 September 1982 ) is a professional basketball player from Moe , Victoria .
Georges Delfanne , called Christian Masuy ( 22 January 1913 in Brussels -- 1 October 1947 ) was a Belgian collaborator and spy during the German occupation in World War II .
Michael Erlewine ( born July 18 , 1941 , Lancaster , Pennsylvania ) is an American musician , astrologer , photographer , TV host , and Internet entrepreneur who founded All Music Guide ( now known as AllMusic ) in 1991 .
Vladimír Menšík ( 9 October 1929 -- 29 May 1988 ) was a popular Czech actor and entertainer , born in Ivančice , Moravia , Czechoslovakia .
Jimmy O. Yang ( Jimmy Ouyang ; Chinese : 歐陽萬成 ) is a Hong Kong - born Chinese American stand - up comedian , actor , writer .
John Hervey Crozier ( February 10 , 1812 -- October 25 , 1889 ) was an American attorney and politician active primarily in Knoxville , Tennessee , USA , during the mid - nineteenth century .
Heraklonas was probably born at Lazica while his father was on campaign against Khosrau II of the Sassanid Empire .
Sourav Chakraborty ( born 3 July 1992 in Kolkata ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Defender for Mohun Bagan in the I - League .
Arvo Volmer ( born November 4 , 1962 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian conductor .
Melanie Paschke ( born 29 June 1970 in Braunschweig ) is a retired German sprinter , who specialised in the 100 metres , 200 metres and 4 × 100 metres relay .
Todor Simov ( Bulgarian : Тодор Симов ) ( born on 26 January 1985 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian football striker , currently playing for Pirin Blagoevgrad in the A PFG .
Origen ( /ˈɒrɪdʒən/ ; Greek : Ὠριγένης , Ōrigénēs ) , or Origen Adamantius ( Ὠριγένης Ἀδαμάντιος , Ōrigénēs Adamántios ; 184/185 -- 253/254 ) , was a scholar and early Christian theologian who was born and spent the first half of his career in Alexandria .
Johann Philipp von Greifenclau zu Vollraths was born in Amorbach on February 13 , 1652 , the son of Georg Philipp Freiherr von Greiffenclau - Vollrads , Amtmann of the Archbishopric of Mainz , and his wife Rosina von Oberstein .
Juan Calzadilla ( Altagracia de Orituco , 1931 ) is a Venezuelan prolific poet , painter and art critic .
Daniela Giordano was the winner of local beauty pageants in her hometown Palermo and by the year 1966 , as Miss Sicily , won the Miss Italia contest .
Pierre - Marie Gerlier was born in Versailles , and was a lawyer before deciding to pursue an ecclesiastical career .
George Clifford III ( 7 January 1685 , Amsterdam -- 10 April 1760 , Heemstede ) was a wealthy Dutch banker and one of the directors of the Dutch East India Company .
John Sebastian Helmcken was born in London , England , the son of ethnically - German parents Claus Helmcken and Catherine Mittler .
Chad McNamara was born on May 4 , 1982 , in Ottawa , Ontario and is a Canadian actor best known for portraying Rooney Doodle on the children 's show The Doodlebops .
Tanya Dziahileva ( also known as Tanya Dyagileva ) ( Belarusian : Таццяна ( Таня ) Дзягілева , Russian : Татьяна ( Таня ) Дягилева ; born 4 June 1991 in Vitebsk , Belarusian SSR ) is a Belarusian model , artist , designer , stylist , and fashion photographer .
Laurence Daren King ( born 1972 in Harlow , Essex ) is an English novelist and children 's writer .
Luis Bordón was born in the city of Guarambaré Central Department , Paraguay on August 19 , 1926 , and from a very early age he was fanatical with the art of musical performance , supported and promoted by his father .
Tom Prahl ( born January 5 , 1949 in Smedstorp ) is a Swedish retired former football player and manager .
Francis Alÿs ( born 1959 , Antwerp ) is a Belgian - born , Mexico - based artist .
Ian Olney ( born December 17 , 1969 in Luton , Bedfordshire , England ) is a former football ( soccer ) player , who played as a striker .
Angela Isadora Duncan was born in San Francisco , California to Joseph Charles Duncan ( 1819 - -1898 ) , a banker , mining engineer and connoisseur of the arts , and Mary Isadora Gray ( 1849 - -1922 ) .
Mircea Ionescu - Quintus ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈmirt͡ʃe̯a i.oˈnesku ˈkintus ) ; born 18 March 1917 in Kherson , Ukraine ) is a Romanian politician , former Senator and Minister of Justice .
Canton was born in Middle Street Stroud , Gloucestershire , the son of a weaver John Canton ( b. 1687 ) and Esther ( née Davis ) .
Never Shout Never is an American indie rock band formed in Joplin , Missouri in 2007 .
Urs Meier ( born January 22 , 1959 in Würenlos , Aargau ) is a retired Swiss football referee .
Juris Podnieks ( December 5 , 1950 , Riga -- June 23 , 1992 , Kuldīga District ) was a Latvian film director and producer .
Mohammedreza Eslamloo ( محمدرضا‌ اسالملو‌ ) ( born 1947 in Shiraz ) graduated in Television and Film from the College of Communications of the University of Texas .
Adolph Olson Eberhart was born in Kil , in Värmland , Sweden , the son of Andrew and Louise Olson .
Born on 14 September 1899 in Montigny - lès - Metz , Alsace - Lorraine , Joachim - Friedrich Lang joined the German Army before the Second World war .
François - Jean Bralle ( 1750 - -1832 ) was a French architect and engineer , best known as for the construction of fountains in Paris during the time of Napoleon Bonaparte .
Joe Simon was born in 1913 as Hymie Simon and raised in Rochester , New York , the son of Harry Simon , who had emigrated from Leeds , England , in 1905 , and Rose , whom Harry met in the United States .
Until 1657 Ivan Bohun also led his forces in minor skirmishes against Polish forces , notably at Bratslav and Uman .
Legendary Stardust Cowboy ( born Norman Carl Odam on September 5 , 1947 , in Lubbock , Texas ) is an outsider performer who is considered one of the pioneers of the genre that came to be known as psychobilly in the 1960s .
Pierre Caroli ( born 1480 in Rozay - en - Brie , died in 1550 , possibly in Rome ) was a French refugee and religious figure .
Harry Betmead ( 11 April 1912 -- 26 August 1984 ) was an English football player who played for Grimsby Town , as well as the English national side .
Barry Le Va ( born 1941 in Long Beach , California ) is a contemporary American sculptor and installation artist .
Brendan Croker ( born 15 August 1953 in Bradford , Yorkshire ) is a musician from Leeds who has recorded albums under his own name and with occasional backing band ;
Elisa Meneghini ( born July 24 , 1997 in Como ) is an Italian artistic gymnast , a member of the Italian national women 's artistic gymnastics team , the 2014 Italian champion in all - around , floor exercise and balance beam .
Zacharias Theodorou ( Greek : Ζαχαρίας Θεοδώρου ; born July 7 , 1993 in Larnaca ) is a Cypriot football central midfielder who plays for Anorthosis Famagusta in the Cypriot First Division .
Christie Repasy ( born December 19 , 1958 ) is an American floral artist from Maywood , California .
Father Jerome D'Souza , SJ ( 6 August 1897 , Mangalore , South Canara , British India -- 12 August 1977 , Madras , India ) was an Indian Jesuit priest , educationist , writer and member of the Indian Constituent assembly ( 1946 - -50 ) .
Norman Bell ( born 16 November 1955 ) is an English former footballer , born in Hylton Castle , Sunderland , who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Blackburn Rovers .
Gen. Marian Sowiński ( born August 26 , 1951 in Ruda , Poland ) is a Polish general .
Andy Knowles ( born Andrew John Knowles , 30 June 1981 , in Bolton , Greater Manchester , England ) is an artist , director and musician .
Born in Algiers 12 May 1942 , Abderrahmane Meziani began his career in MC Alger in 1955 minimal category , it then passes through ASPTT Algiers before landing at the AS Saint - Eugène , club Algiers flagship during the colonial era .
Louis Davis was born May 1860 and raised in Abingdon , Oxfordshire on East St Helen Street .
Damiano Schet ( born 8 April 1990 , in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Sima Nikolic ( born March 13 , 1932 in Belgrade , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a former Yugoslav , later American , tennis player .
Samuel Scheimann was born in Afula , Israel to a Jewish family .
Born in Poznań , Poland , at age 15 Henryk de Kwiatkowski was captured by the Russian Army and sent to a Siberian labor camp .
Karl Taylor Compton was born in Wooster , Ohio , the eldest of three brothers ( including Arthur Compton and Wilson Martindale Compton ) and one sister , Mary .
Fenwick Justin John Lawson , ARCA ( born 19 May 1932 in South Moor , County Durham ) , commonly known as Fenwick Lawson , is an English sculptor based in the north - east of England .
Jerry Hernandez ( born June 8 , 1990 in East Los Angeles , California ) is an American film and television actor of Puerto Rican and Honduran descent .
Lynn Carlin ( born Mary Lynn Reynolds on January 31 , 1938 , in Los Angeles ) is an American actress .
Amel Karboul ( Tunisian Arabic : آمال كربول ) , born April 25 , 1973 in Tunis , is a Tunisian politician and business leader .
Tanju Kayhan ( born 22 July 1989 in Vienna , Austria ) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays for SK Sturm Graz .
Leslie Marmon Silko was born in Albuquerque , New Mexico to Leland Howard Marmon , a noted photographer , and Mary Virginia Leslie .
Eugene Semple was born in Bogotá , Colombia , on June 12 , 1840 , to then minister to the Republic of New Granada , James Semple .
Anna Hiruth Katarina Sandström Borglund ( born 20 March 1974 in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia ) is a Swedish television news presenter and journalist .
Michel Baulier ( born June 20 , 1949 in Valdahon ( Doubs ) ) , is a retired French footballer .
Clayton Junior Jacobson or Clayton Jacobson II was born in Multnomah County Hospital , Portland , OR on October 12 , 1933 to Clayton Jacobson and Sarah Fauntelle Shrock .
Keny Arkana ( French pronunciation : ​(keni aʁkaˈna ) ; born 20 December 1982 in Boulogne - Billancourt , Paris ) is an Argentine - French rapper who is active in the alter - globalization and civil disobedience movements .
Claude Joseph Geoffroy ( 8 August 1685 , Paris -- 9 March 1752 , Paris ) was the brother of Étienne François Geoffroy .
Helene Holzman ( 30 August 1891 in Jena -- 25 August 1968 ) was a German painter and author .
Peter Hüttner ( born 10 December 1945 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish actor and writer .
Born in Cagliari , Fausta Cialente 's early life was marked by upheaval as the family followed the movements of her father , an army officer .
Wilhelm Franz ( 1913 in Bremen -- 1971 in Lahr ) was the founder of Elektro - Mess - Technik , a German manufacturer of turntables and professional studio audio equipment .
Zdeněk Rohlíček ( born 20 July 1980 in Prague ) is a Czech actor known especially for his stage work .
Pascal Hervé ( Tours , 13 July 1964 ) is a former French road racing cyclist .
Elizabeth Carling ( born 20 October 1967 in Middlesbrough , North Riding of Yorkshire ) is an English actress and singer best known for her performances in Boon , Goodnight Sweetheart , Barbara , and Casualty .
Richard L. Berkley ( born Richard L. Berkowitz , June 29 , 1931 ) served as mayor of Kansas City , Missouri , U.S. , from 1979 to 1991 .
Smiljan Radic ( born June 21st , 1965 , Santiago ) is an internationally recognised Chilean architect .
Eric Nagler ( born June 1 , 1942 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American - born musician and television personality known primarily for his work on Canadian children 's television series such as The Elephant Show .
Ahmad Gianpiero Vincenzo ( born in Naples in 1961 ) is a leader of the Italian Muslim community .
Alaa Baidoun ( Arabic : علاء بيضون‎ ) ( born 5 March 1983 in Aleppo , Syria ) is a Syrian footballer .
Leonard Gaskin ( August 25 , 1920 -- January 24 , 2009 ) was an American jazz bassist born in New York City .
Giancarlo Falappa ( born June 30 , 1963 in Filottrano , province of Ancona ) is a former Italian motorcycle road racer .
Odilon Polleunis ( born 1 May 1943 ) , nicknamed Lon , was a Belgian football player who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1968 while at Sint - Truiden .
Diana DeGarmo was born in Birmingham , Alabama , but was raised primarily in Snellville , Georgia .
Milton Mesirow , better known as Mezz Mezzrow ( November 9 , 1899 -- August 5 , 1972 ) was an American jazz clarinetist and saxophonist from Chicago , Illinois .
Quentin Harris ( born 8 September 1970 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a New York City - based house music producer , remixer and DJ . He is active in the gay , underground , and pop - dance music scenes .
Mahi Khennane ( born 21 October 1936 in Mascara ) is a retired French - Algerian footballer who represented both the French and Algerian sides .
Zoran Stavreski ( born 29 October 1964 in Ohrid ) was the Macedonian Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Finance .
John Sangster ( 17 November 1928 -- 26 October 1995 ) was an Australian jazz composer , arranger , drummer , cornettist and vibraphonist born in Melbourne , most well known as a composer though also a gifted multi - instrumentalist .
Robin Morgan was born on January 29 , 1941 in Lake Worth , Florida , although her birthdate was reported inaccurately throughout her career as a child actor .
Robert Vano ( born May 5 , 1948 in Nové Zámky , Slovakia ) is a Slovak photographer who currently resides in Prague .
Johnny Famechon ( born Jean - Pierre Famechon 28 March 1945 in Paris , France ) is a former Australian featherweight boxer .
Penny Park , born in Montreal , Quebec is a Canadian journalist and science writer from Toronto , Ontario .
Toshiwo Doko ( 土光 敏夫 Dokō Toshio , September 15 , 1896 - August 4 , 1988 ) was a Japanese engineer born in Mitsu District , Okayama .
Ignas Dedura ( born 6 January 1978 in Kaunas , Soviet Union ) is a football player who is a free agent .
Emily Carroll ( born June 1983 ) is a Canadian comics author from London , Ontario .
Aurélien Panis ( born 29 October 1994 in Saint - Martin - d'Hères ) is a professional French racing driver .
Thierry Beschefer , sometimes given as `` Theodore '' , ( Châlons - en - Champagne 25 March 1630 -- Reims 4 February 1711 ) , was a Jesuit missionary and became the superior of the Canadian mission .
Carl Friedrich Roewer ( 12 October 1881 , Neustrelitz - 17 June 1963 ) was a German arachnologist .
Kevin Guppy ( born January 29 , 1987 in Chino Hills , California ) is a former American professional soccer player .
Cendrino Misidjan ( born 29 August 1988 in Paramaribo ) is a Dutch professional footballer of Surinamese descent who plays as a left back for Ermis Aradippou in Cypriot First Division .
Kendell Geers was born in Johannesburg as Jacobus Hermanus Pieters Geers into a white working - class Afrikaans family during the time of apartheid .
Samuel Hernanz ( born April 15 , 1986 in Tarbes , France ) is a French - born Spanish slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s .
Zdenko Adamović ( born 20 December 1963 in Osijek ) is a Croatian football manager and former player .
Morris Mac Davis ( born January 21 , 1942 ) , known as Mac Davis , is a country music singer , songwriter and actor , originally from Lubbock , Texas , who has enjoyed much crossover success .
Kassim Abdallah Mfoihaia ( born 9 April 1987 in Marseille ) is a French - born Comorian professional footballer .
Zhang Dan ( simplified Chinese : 张丹 ; traditional Chinese : 張丹 ; pinyin : Zhāng Dān ; born October 4 , 1985 in Harbin , Heilongjiang , China ) is a Chinese pair skater .
Martin O'Malley was born on January 18 , 1963 , in Washington , D.C. , the child of Barbara ( née Suelzer ) and Thomas Martin O'Malley .
Carlene Smith is Jamaica 's first Dancehall Queen .
Susan Ahn Cuddy was born in 1915 in Los Angeles , California as the eldest daughter of Dosan Ahn Changho and Helen Ahn .
On April 2013 Teuta Arifi was elected the Mayor of Municipality of Tetovo .
Isaac Tondo ( born on May 2 , 1981 in Monrovia ) is a Liberian football striker .
Born in Vildemoinhos , near Viseu , Portugal , Carlos Lopes worked as a stonecutter 's helper .
Cordell Barker ( born 1956 ) is a Canadian animator based in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Ola Skaalvik Elvevold ( born June 12 , 1988 in Tromsø ) is a Norwegian environmentalist .
Sedat Bornovalı ( born 31 May 1970 in Istanbul ) is an art historian ( PhD ) , interpreter and professional tourist guide in Italian , English and Turkish .
Eberhard II von der Mark was born in Aremberg in 1365 , the son of Eberhard I von der Mark and grandson of Engelbert II , Count of the Mark , ruler of the County of Mark .
Teresa Brambilla was born in Cassano d'Adda to a musical family .
Gorazd Štangelj ( born January 27 , 1973 in Novo Mesto ) is a former Slovenian professional road bicycle racer , who raced as a professional between 1997 and 2011 .
Mamba Sano ( 1903 in Kissidougou , Guinea -- July 4 , 1985 ) was a Guinean politician who served in the French National Assembly from 1946 - 1958 .
Barry Goudreau ( born November 29 , 1951 ) is a musician , best known as one of the original guitarists for the rock band Boston .
Mariusz Lewandowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmarjuʂ lɛvanˈdɔfski ) ; born 18 May 1979 in Legnica ) is a Polish footballer who last played as a central defender for PFC Sevastopol and the Polish national football team .
Elias Khoury was born in 1948 into a Greek Orthodox middle - class family in the predominantly Christian Ashrafiyye district of Beirut .
María Rosa Lojo ( born 1954 ) is an author born in Buenos Aires .
Esther Haase ( born 20 February 1966 , Bremen ) is a German photographer and film director .
John Maynard Keynes was born in Cambridge , Cambridgeshire , England , to an upper - middle - class family .
Jadranka Kosor was born in Lipik and finished her primary education in Pakrac .
Sara Gettelfinger ( born c. 1977 in Louisville , Kentucky ) is American actress , singer , and dancer .
Sideris Tasiadis ( born 7 May 1990 in Augsburg ) is a German slalom canoeist of Greek descent who has competed since the mid-2000s .
Erwin Nypels ( born 1 August 1933 in Bloemendaal , North Holland ) is a Dutch former politician .
Caroline Paterson ( born 28 November 1965 in Kirkcaldy , Scotland ) is a Scottish actress who has appeared in many Scottish television shows such as one - off STV drama , The Steamie and the BBC 's Rab C. Nesbitt .
Margaret Peterson Haddix was born in Washington Court House , Ohio and grew up on a farm near there .
Matteo Prandelli ( born 18 November 1988 in Brescia ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sambenedettese Calcio and for the Padania national football team .
Dmitry Oreshkin ( Russian : Дмитрий Орешкин ; born 27 June 1953 in Moscow ) is a Russian political scientist .
Eng Dr Sarath Abayawardana is a former Director and Chief Executive Officer of the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) Sri Lanka .
Vítězslav Tuma ( born 4 July 1971 in Nový Jičín ) is a former Czech football forward .
Harry Whitney was born on December 1 , 1873 in New Haven , Connecticut , to a wealthy family .
Fabrizio Romondini ( born 24 April 1977 in Rome ) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Pergocrema .
Catherine Cusack ( born 21 December 1968 , in London ) is an English actress .
Robert Jackson Bennett ( born 1984 in Baton Rouge ) is an American writer of speculative fiction .
Tevfik Gelenbe ( 1931 , Istanbul -- 20 October 2004 , Istanbul ) was a well - known and prolific Turkish actor and comedian .
Earl Kenneth Olsen , born 2 July 1903 in Brooklyn , New York , was a member of the U.S. Naval Academy Class of 1926 .
Iosif Berman was born in Burdujeni , near Suceava to a Jewish father who had been awarded the Romanian citizenship for participating in the 1877 Romanian War of Independence .
Marco Brambilla is a Milan - born , New York City - based video collage and installation artist , known for his elaborate recontextualizations of popular and found imagery , which Vanity Fair praises as `` critiques and masterpieces of visual overload . ''
Omar Sharif , whose surname means `` noble '' or `` nobleman '' in Arabic , was born on 10 April 1932 , as Michel Dimitri Chalhoub in Alexandria , Egypt , to a Melkite Catholic family of Lebanese descent .
Gerard ' t Hooft was born in Den Helder on July 5 , 1946 , but grew up in The Hague , the seat of government of the Netherlands .
Ilia Trilling ( or Ilya Trilling ) ( 1895 , Elberfeld ( now Wuppertal ) -- 1947 ) was a German - born Yiddish theatrical producer and composer for Yiddish theatrical works .
Betty Harris ( born 1939 , Orlando , Florida , United States ) is an American soul singer .
Heidemarie Koch ( December 17 , 1943 in Merseburg ) is a German Iranologist .
Born in Rahway , New Jersey , Thaddeus Hyatt became actively involved in the abolitionist movement after Congress passed the Kansas - Nebraska Act in 1854 .
Born in Baramulla , Kashmir , Manav Kaul lived in Hoshangabad , Madhya Pradesh .
Alec Puro , otherwise known as Alec Püre , was born April 25 , 1975 in Santa Monica , California .
Born in São Tomé and Príncipe , Yazaldes Nascimento became a Portuguese citizen in July 2006 .
Lelde Priedulēna ( born 20 July 1993 in Sigulda ) is a Latvian skeleton racer .
Dew was born at Far Cotton , in Hardingstone , Northamptonshire , one of seven children to Walter Dew Sr ( ca 1822 - 1884 ) , a railway guard , and his wife Eliza ( ca 1832 - 1914 ) .
Julius Aghahowa ( Ukrainian : Джуліус Агахова ; born 12 February 1982 in Benin City ) is a retired Nigerian footballer .
Federico Mussini made his debut for Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia in May 2013 against Pallacanestro Virtus Roma , but only played one minute .
Ignazio Lupo was born in Palermo , Sicily , to parents Rocco Lupo and Onofria Saietta .
Eugenio Elorduy Walther ( b. November 21 , 1940 , Calexico , California ) is a Mexican politician .
Michael Haydn was born in 1737 in the Austrian village of Rohrau , near the Hungarian border .
Giannis Mallous ( born on 7 February 1974 in Dortmund , Germany ) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a Defender .
Tomasz Kupisz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈtɔmaʂ ˈkupiʂ ) ; born January 2 , 1990 in Radom ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Brescia on loan from Chievo .
Jukka - Pekka Saraste ( born April 22 , 1956 , Lahti ) is a Finnish conductor and violinist .
Patrick d'Arcy ( 27 September 1725 -- 18 October 1779 ) was born in the west of Ireland .
Jeffrey D. Sams ( born June 18 , 1968 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) is an American actor known primarily for his television work .
Panagiotis Soutsos ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Σοῦτσος 1806 - 1868 ) , was a Greek newspaper editor , journalist , author , and poet of the romantic school , born in Constantinople ( modern Istanbul , Turkey ) .
James Harrell Herring , Sr . , known as Jim Herring ( born 1938 ) is a lawyer in private practice from his native Canton in Madison County , outside the capital city of Jackson in the U.S. state of Mississippi .
Roger Hanin was born in 1925 in Algiers , Algeria as Roger Lévy to Jewish parents .
Mark Natanson was born in 1850 in Švenčionys , Lithuania to a wealthy Jewish family .
João de Castilho ( 1470 - -1552 ) , also known as Juan de Castillo , was a Castiliian and a notable Iberian architect born in Castillo Siete Villas , actually Arnuero ( Cantabria ) .
Mikhail Dostoyevsky was born on November 25 , 1820 in Moscow , where his father was a surgeon at the Mariinsky Hospital .
Harry Stewart New was born in Indianapolis , Indiana on December 31 , 1858 , the son of John C. New and his wife , Melissa ( Beeler ) New .
James Laurie Snell , often cited as J. Laurie Snell , ( born January 15th , 1925 , Wheaton , Illinois ; died March 19 , 2011 , Hanover , New Hampshire ) was an American mathematician .
Alon Carmeli spent his formative years in Haifa , Israel .
Tupper was born in Amherst , Nova Scotia to the Rev. Charles Tupper and Miriam Lockhart .
Maryla Rodowicz ( born Maria Antonina Rodowicz , 8 December 1945 in Zielona Góra ) is a Polish singer and actress .
Chris Colwill ( born September 11 , 1984 ) is an American international diver from Tampa , Florida .
Jeroen Drost ( born 21 January 1987 in Kampen ) is a Dutch former footballer , who played as a left back .
Tammy Lynn Michaels ( born Tammy Lynn Doring on November 26 , 1974 in Lafayette , Indiana ) , also known by the surname Etheridge from her relationship with Melissa Etheridge , is an American actress .
Stewart Shining is a New York City - based photographer of contemporary actors , musicians , and models .
Robert Rollo Gillespie was born and grew up in Comber , County Down , in what is now Northern Ireland .
Stephen Leacock was born in Swanmore , in the county of Hampshire in southern England .
Nozim Babadjanov ( Tajik : Нозим Бобоҷонов , Persian : ناظم باباجانف‎‎ ) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for FC Istiklol and the Tajikistan national football team .
Andreas Mangouris ( Greek : Αντρέας Μανγκούρης ; born May 21 , 1997 ) is a Cypriot footballer who currently plays for AEK Larnaca as a striker .
Pavel Chasnowski ( Belarusian : Павел Часноўскі ; Russian : Павел Чесновский ( Pavel Chesnovskiy ) ; born 4 March 1986 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian professional footballer , who is currently playing for Gorodeya .
Natividad Barroso Garcia ( Santa Cruz de Tenerife , 1937 ) is an investigator of ethno - folklore , essayist and Venezuelan poet .
Daniel Cramer ( Daniel Candidus ) ( 20 January 1568 -- 5 October 1637 ) was a German Lutheran theologian and writer from Reetz ( Recz ) , Brandenburg .
Aristeidis Alafouzos ( Greek : Αριστείδης Αλαφούζος , Santorini , 1924 ) is a Greek shipowner , civil engineer and media mogul .
Per Harry Nylén , better known as Pelle Nylén , born 4 February 1965 in Gävle , is a Swedish music producer and songwriter .
Sir Ferdinando Gorges died on May 24 , 1647 in his home in Long Ashton ( then known as Ashton - Phillips ) and is buried in the All Saint 's Churchyard , Long Ashton , Somerset , England .
Panchi Bora is an Indian television actress and model from Assam .
Qin Mu was born in British Hong Kong , whose family line could be traced back to Dongli Town , Chenghai District , Shantou , Guangdong Province .
Juraj Demeč ( born 29 January 1945 in Uzhhorod ) is a Czechoslovak former track and field athlete who competed in the 100 metres .
Angelo Parisi ( born January 3 , 1953 in Arpino , Frosinone , Italy ) is a French judoka and olympic champion .
Franco de Peña ( Caracas , 25 March 1966 ) is a polish - venezuelan film director .
Andrew Thomas DelGiorno , also known as `` Tommy Del '' ( born 1940 , South Philadelphia ) , is a former American mobster , captain in the Philadelphia crime family and Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) informant .
Kellylee Evans ( born 7 February 1975 in Scarborough , Ontario ) is a Canadian jazz and soul music vocalist .
Raúl Alberto González ( born 9 June 1976 in Venado Tuerto , Santa Fe ) is an Argentine football player currently playing in Italy for the Serie D club U.S. Darfo Boario S.S.D ..
Kai Bülow ( born 31 May 1986 in Rostock ) is a German footballer who plays as defender for TSV 1860 München in the 2 .
Liu Zhongqing ( simplified Chinese : 刘忠庆 ; traditional Chinese : 劉忠慶 ; pinyin : Liú Zhōngqìng ; born November 10 , 1985 in Daqing , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese aerial skier .
António Manoel de Vilhena was born in Lisbon on 28 May 1663 to the aristocrat and general Dom Sancho Manoel de Vilhena , 1st Count de Vila Flor and his first wife , Ana de Noronha .
Asi Levi ( Hebrew : אסי לוי‎ ; born September 28 , 1969 in Tel Aviv ) is an Israeli Film Academy Award winning actress .
Roger Walkowiak was recruited for the French regional Nord - Est - Centre team , representing the North - east and Centre of France , despite coming from Montluçon in the South - West .
Steve Thayer ( b. March 23 , 1953 in Saint Paul , Minnesota ) is an author whose work has been on The New York Times Best Seller list .
Zhang Chenglin ( simplified Chinese : 张成林 ; traditional Chinese : 張成林 ; Pinyin : Zhāng Chénglín ; born 20 January 1987 in Bengbu , Anhui ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League .
Andrew Regan ( born 14 December 1965 , Manchester , England ) is a British - born polar explorer and entrepreneur .
Justus Erich Bollmann or Eric Bollman ( 1769 , Hoya , Hanover -- 9 December 1821 , Jamaica ) was a German physician .
Jefferson Feijão , real name Jefferson Marques da Conceição ( born August 21 , 1978 , in Belo Horizonte , Minas Gerais ) is a Brazilian footballer .
( Christopher Joseph ) Chris Wall ( born 23 December 1946 , in Dublin ) is an associate of former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern .
Diana Franco was born in Cali , Colombia and in 1982 moved to New York City , where she lived and studied .
Aaron Labonte ( born 27 November 1983 in Middlesbrough , England ) is an English former professional footballer .
Steven H Silver ( born April 19 , 1967 , Hinsdale , Illinois ) is an American science fiction fan and bibliographer , publisher , and editor .
Fred D'Aguiar was born in London in 1960 to Guyanese parents , Malcolm Frederick D'Aguiar and Kathleen Agatha Messiah .
Jamie Bochert studied dance while growing up in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
Katie Carr ( born London , 1973 ) is an English actress and underwear model .
Seuil , ISBN 2 - 02 - 023490 - 4 , OCLC 33209653 LCC ML410.R23 J2 1995 H. Corbes , `` Louis Aubert compositeur malouin '' in Bulletin de la société d'histoire et d'archéologie de Saint - Malo , 1981 .
Born in Cachoeiro de Itapemirim , Espírito Santo state , Bujica started his career playing for the youth team of Flamengo , of Rio de Janeiro in 1983 , when he was fourteen years - old , playing his first professional match in 1989 .
Carlos Domingos Duarte ( born 25 March 1933 in Huambo ) , former Portuguese footballer who played for FC Porto , as forward .
Bitty McLean ( born 8 August 1972 , Birmingham , England ) is a British / Jamaican reggae , lovers rock and ragga musician .
Hanns von Meyenburg ( actually Walter but called Hanns ; born 6 June 1887 in Dresden ; died 6 November 1971 ) was a Swiss Pathologist .
Born in Guadalajara , Jalisco , José Pablo Moncayo was introduced to music by his elder brother Francisco .
David Adjei ( born March 3 , 1977 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer currently playing in Austrian club ASK Köflach .
Fausto Ippoliti ( born 25 May 1979 ) is an Italian racing driver from Rome .
Julia Mächtig ( born 1 January 1986 in Rostock ) is a German heptathlete .
Alexei Vinogradov was born to an ethnic Russian family in the village of Zhiganovo in Tver Oblast .
Jack Roscamp ( 8 August 1901 in Blaydon , County Durham , England -- 1939 ) was an English football player , renowned for his physical style of play .
Frank Báez is a Dominican poet , editor , and writer , born in 1978 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
Taylor Hannah ( Born on February 24 , 1988 in Humble , TX ) is an American fashion model and voice actress from Humble , TX .
Joseph Henabery ( January 15 , 1888 -- February 18 , 1976 ) Omaha , Nebraska , was a US film actor , screenplay writer , and director .
Omar Bravo Tordecillas ( born 4 March 1980 in Los Mochis ) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a striker and for Guadalajara in the Liga MX .
Nadia Styger ( born 11 December 1978 in Zug ) is a former Swiss World Cup alpine ski racer .
Charles Taze Russell was born to Scotch - Irish parents , immigrant Joseph Lytel Russell /ˈlɪtəl/ ( d. December 17 , 1897 ) and Ann Eliza Birney ( d. January 25 , 1861 ) , on February 16 , 1852 in Allegheny , Pennsylvania .
Hans - Georg Wieck ( born March 28 , 1928 in Hamburg ) is a former German diplomat and was president of the German federal intelligence service Bundesnachrichtendienst ( BND ) .
Frank Schaffer ( born October 23 , 1958 in Eisenhüttenstadt ) is a retired East German athlete who specialized in the 400 metres .
Elias Uzamukunda ( born 15 May 1991 in Kigali ) is a Rwandan football player who currently plays for French club Cannes in the Championnat de France amateur .
Stephen Ratcliffe ( born July 7 , 1948 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is a contemporary U.S. poet and critic who has published numerous books of poetry and three books of criticism .
Born in Daventry , Northamptonshire , England , John Rose Holden was the son of a wealthy Church of England clergyman .
María del Monte Tejado Algaba ( born on 26 April , 1962 in Seville , Andalusia ) is a spanish folk singer and TV and radio hostess .
Nick Awde Hill ( born 29 December 1961 in London , England ) is a British writer , artist , singer - songwriter and critic .
Trần Trọng Vũ ( Hanoi , 1964 ) is a Vietnamese painter .
Georgia Salpa was born in Athens to an Irish mother and Greek father .
Meese was born in Oakland , California , the eldest of four sons born to Leone ( née Feldman ) and Edwin Meese , Jr. He was raised in a practicing Lutheran family , of German descent .
Reed Hadley was born in Petrolia in Clay County near Wichita Falls in northern Texas , to Bert Herring , an oil well driller , and his wife Minnie .
Marian Foik ( 6 October 1933 in Bielszowice , now Ruda Śląska -- May 20 , 2005 in Warszawa ) was a Polish athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres .
Francisco Santos Calderón also known as Pacho Santos born 14 August 1961 in the city of Bogotá , is a Colombian politician and journalist .
Andreas Chronis ( Greek : Ανδρέας Χρόνης ; born 25 April 1989 in Bayside , Queens , New York ) is a Greek - American soccer player who plays for Everton FC Westchester Eagles .
Jonas Kamper ( born 3 May 1983 in Nørre Alslev ) is a Danish footballer who currently plays for Viborg FF in the Danish Superliga , in the position of right winger .
Vedran Kukoč ( born 26 January 1976 in Split ) , is a Croatian professional football player currently not attached to a club .
Dirk Bikkembergs was born in Cologne , Germany , as his father was in the Belgian Army .
Raymond Troye ( 1908 - -2003 ) was a Belgian officer and writer , born in Charleroi .
Born and raised in Fall River , Massachusetts , Nancy Sorel received a degree in Theatre and Film from the University of Massachusetts/ Amherst .
Samuel Hadida , born December 17 , 1953 , in Casablanca , Morocco , is a film producer .
Born in Charlottesville , Virginia , Kathleen Clifford 's career acting was initially built on the vaudeville stages as a comedienne .
Augustyn Suski was born in Szaflary near Nowy Targ , one of six children of bakery owner Ludwik Suski and Marianna née Haschir of Hungarian background .
Joe Karafiát ( born 1957 in Prague ) is a Czech singer and guitarist .
Benoît Chassériau was the last of 18 children of Jean Chassériau , merchant , ship owner , advisor to the City of La Rochelle .
Jaroslav Krejčí ( June 27 , 1892 , Konice , Margraviate of Moravia -- May 18 , 1956 ) was a Czechoslovak lawyer and politician .
William Gordon Welchman ( 15 June 1906 , Bristol , England -- 8 October 1985 , Newburyport , Massachusetts , US ) was a British mathematician , university professor , Second World War codebreaker at Bletchley Park and author .
Michael Mott ( December 8 , 1930 , London - ) is the author of eleven poetry collections , four novels and a best - selling biography of Thomas Merton .
Cyrille Delannoit ( alternatively Cyriel Delannoit ; Geraardsbergen , 13 March 1926 -- 9 February 1998 ) was a Belgian boxer .
Joseph James Hargrave was born and raised at York Factory , a fur trading post on Hudson Bay .
Giulia Civita Franceschi ( Naples , 1870 -- 27 October 1957 ) was an Italian educator .
Jon McLaughlin ( born September 27 , 1982 ) is an American pop rock singer - songwriter , producer and pianist from Anderson , Indiana .
Patti Drew ( born December 29 , 1944 , Charleston , South Carolina ) is an American pop singer who achieved brief success in the late 1960s .
Max Speter was born in Beszterce , Austria - Hungary ( now Bistrița , Romania ) , the youngest of seven children , to his Jewish parents Johann Speter and Anna Dollberg .
Sara Jovanović was born on 29 October 1993 in Rome , Italy , to Serbian parents Saša and Jasna , and was raised bilingually in Serbian and Italian .
Dan Wakefield was born in Indianapolis , Indiana , where his family lived in the Broad Ripple Village area .
Ladislav Lábus ( born 21 November 1951 in Prague ) is a Czech architect and university teacher .
Daniel Carasso , son of Isaac Carasso , was born in Salonica , Ottoman Empire ( modern Thessaloniki , Greece ) , where his family had lived for four hundred years following Spain 's expulsion of its Jews .
Yang Zezhi ( Chinese : 杨泽志 ; pinyin : Yáng Zézhì ; born 11 February 1991 in Chengdu , Sichuan ) is a Chinese footballer .
Seldon Powell ( 15 November 1928 - -25 January 1997 ) was an American soul jazz , swing and R&B tenor saxophonist and flautist born in Lawrenceville , Virginia , probably best remembered for his early work with musicians like Tab Smith ( 1949 ) , Lucky Millinder 1949 - 51 ) , Neal Hefti or Louis Bellson .
Teppei Tsuchiya ( 土谷 鉄平 , born December 27 , 1982 in Ōita , Ōita ) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder .
Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. ( Dutch : ( mɑˈtɛis vɑn ˈhɛinɪŋə(n ) ) , born 26 July 1965 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch filmmaker , writer and producer best known for Red Rain and The Thing .
Hiroshige was born in 1797 in the Yayosu Quay section of the Yaesu area in Edo ( modern Tokyo ) .
Vlastimil Petržela ( born 20 July 1953 in Prostějov ) is a Czech football coach and former player , currently manager of FC Graffin Vlašim .
Baptized in Kempston , Bedfordshire , England on 15 February 1609/10 , Frances Latham was the daughter of Lewis Latham and his wife Elizabeth .
Giulio Giuricich ( born 5 February 1990 in Johannesburg , Gauteng ) is a South African footballer , who last played as a left - back for Moroka Swallows in the Premier Soccer League .
Andréa Vianna Beltrão ( Rio de Janeiro , born on 16 September 1963 ) , commonly known as Andréa Beltrão , is a Brazilian actress .
Adelina Sotnikova began skating at the age of four at the Yuzhny ice rink near her home in Moscow .
Gennaro di Cola ( c. 1320 -- c. 1370 ) was an Italian painter of the Trecento , active mainly in Naples .
Janet Estevez ( née Templeton ; born July 8 , 1944 in Dayton , Ohio ) , best known as Janet Sheen , is an American actress and producer .
Sandro Luiz da Silva or simply Sandro ( born March 13 , 1983 in Paranaguá -- Paraná ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for FC Penafiel .
Shawn Rojeski ( born January 21 , 1972 in Virginia , Minnesota ) is an American curler from Chisholm , Minnesota and Olympic medalist .
Edward Fitzpatrick was born on August 29 , 1884 in New York City , where he studied at the New York Training School for Teachers .
Victor Webster was born in Calgary , Alberta , the son of Roswitha , a hair stylist , and John ( `` Jack '' ) Webster , a police officer .
Marc Norman ( born 1941 , Los Angeles , California ) is an American screenwriter .
Leonora Baroni was born at the Gonzaga court in Mantua .
Jomar was born in Rio de Janeiro , and made his professional debut in 2011 .
Chief Marin ( born about 1781 , died March 15 , 1839 ) was the `` great chief of the tribe Licatiut '' ( a branch of Coast Miwok native to present - day Marin County , California ) , according to General Vallejo 's semi - historical report to the first California State Legislature in 1850 .
Carolina Herrera Bang ( born 21 September 1985 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands ) , professionally known as Carolina Bang , is a Spanish actress .
Hans - Joachim Hessler ( German : Heßler , born 7 January 1968 in Recklinghausen ) is a German composer , musician and musicologist .
Aliprando Caprioli was an Italian engraver , born in Trento and active in Rome between 1575 and 1599 , producing portraits and historical subjects in the style of Agostino Carracci and Cornelis Cort .
Al - Qadir ( 947 -- 29 November 1031 ) ( Arabic : القادر‎ ) was the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 991 to 1031 .
Emil Wolk was born in Brooklyn , New York to principal baritone Jess Walters ( Josuoh Wolk ) and Emma Walters ( née Defina ) .
Sophia Olelkovich Radziwill ( Saint Sophia of Slutsk , Princess Sophia of Slutsk ; May 1 , 1585 -- March 19 , 1612 ) was the last descendant of the family Olelkovich - Slutsk ( princes of Slutsk and Kopyl ) who were descended from Prince Algirdas .
Fabio Visone ( born 26 February 1983 in Naples ) is an Italian football player .
Brook Lopez was born in North Hollywood , Los Angeles , California , to Deborah Ledford and his now - estranged father , Heriberto Lopez , a native of Cuba .
Dwight Tiendalli ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdwai̯t tinˈdɑlɪ ) ; born 21 October 1985 in Paramaribo ) is a Surinamese - born Dutch footballer who plays as a full back .
Marcello Abbado ( born 7 October 1926 , Milan ) is an Italian composer , conductor , and pianist .
George Lippard was born on April 10 , 1822 , near Yellow Springs , in West Nantmeal Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania , on the farm of his father , Daniel B. Lippard .
Anandiben Patel was born on 21 November 1941 , in Kharod village of ( Vijapur ) taluka of Mehsana district , Gujarat , where her father , Jethabhai , was a teacher .
John Golightly ( born 18 May 1936 in Resolven , Glamorgan ) is an actor who has appeared in numerous British television productions over a 45-year period .
Merce Cunningham was born in Centralia , Washington in 1919 , the second of three sons .
Dorel Zegrean ( born 4 December 1969 , in Mărișelu ) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a defender , whose teams included Gloria Bistriţa , Fortuna Sittard , Naţional Bucureşti , and Dynamo Berlin .
Sir Henry Moore , 1st Baronet ( 1713 -- 11 September 1769 ) was a British colonial leader who served as governor of Jamaica and as royal Governor of Province of New York from 1765 to 1769 .
George Petty was born in Abbeville , the seat of Vermilion Parish in south Louisiana to George Brown Petty III and his wife , Sarah .
Michał Rawita - Witanowski was born in Częstochowa , graduating from middle school in Kielce .
Robert Duxbury ( born in Darwen , Lancashire ) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town .
Ivan Fiolić ( born 29 April 1996 ) is a Croatian footballer playing for Dinamo Zagreb in Prva HNL as an offensive midfielder .
Carl Theodor Albrecht ( August 30 , 1843 , Dresden , Kingdom of Saxony -- August 31 , 1915 ) was a German astronomer .
Born in Mirošov , Karel Kašpar attended the seminary in Plzeň and the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare in Rome .
Dick Danello , stage name of Filippo D'Anello ( Belvedere Marittimo , January 1 , 1943 ) , is an italian singer , songwriter , producer , presenter and actor living in Brazil .
Duško Đurišić ( Cyrillic : Душкo Ђуpишић , born 20 December 1977 in Bar ) is a former Montenegrin football player .
Walter Kurt Wiemken was born in Basel in 1907 to German parents who had gained Swiss citizenship in 1898 .
Mate Maleš ( born 11 March 1989 in Šibenik ) , is a Croatian player who plays for NK Rijeka of the MAXtv Prva Liga .
Kara Zediker is an American actress born in Kankakee , Illinois .
Lucas Samaras ( born September 14 , 1936 ) is an artist who was born in Kastoria , Greece .
John Serry ( born 1954 , John Serry Jr. , in New York City ) is a jazz pianist and composer , as well as a composer of contemporary classical music works that feature percussion , on which he also doubles .
David Reddick ( born April 14 , 1971 in Anderson , Indiana ) is an American artist , illustrator and cartoonist .
Guan Linzheng was born in a rural peasant family in Hu County , Shaanxi .
Linda Reinstein ( December 28 , 1955 , San Diego , California ) is the co - founder of the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization , a nonprofit focused on asbestos awareness and preventing related diseases through education , advocacy , and community efforts .
Halfdan Cleve ( 5 October 1879 -- 6 April 1951 ) was a Norwegian composer , born and raised in Kongsberg .
Jimmy Carroll ( born 26 July 1957 in Hospital , County Limerick ) is a retired Irish sportsperson .
Lisa See was born in Paris February 18 , 1955 , but has spent many years in Los Angeles , especially Los Angeles Chinatown .
Dirk Jan Derksen , ( born 17 June 1972 in Tiel ) is a Dutch retired former football player .
Warren Christie was born in Belfast , Northern Ireland , but spent most of his childhood in London , Ontario .
Eliza Gilkyson ( born August 24 , 1950 , Hollywood , California ) is an Austin , Texas - based folk musician .
Timoteus Pokora was born on 26 June 1928 in Brno , which was then part of the First Czechoslovak Republic .
Born in Offenburg , Baden , Hanns Martin Schleyer came from a national - conservative family .
Colton Ford ( October 12th , 1962 , Pasadena , California ) , is the stage name of the former American gay pornographic actor , Glenn Soukesian , who returned to his original career path of singer , and actor .
Usually just known as Grenville Morris , he was born in Builth Wells , Wales .
Christoph Spering ( 23 June 1959 in Simmern ) is a German conductor of classical music , especially church music .
Trampas Parker ( born July 27 , 1967 in Shreveport , Louisiana ) is an American former two - time Grand Prix motocross world champion .
Paul Hay ( born 14 November 1980 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Scottish Third Division side Clyde .
Osman Rashid was born in London and did his early schooling in Ghana and finished middle and high school from Islamabad , Pakistan .
Theodore Puck ( September 24 , 1916 -- November 6 , 2005 ) was an American geneticist born in Chicago , Illinois .
The son of department store owner Max D. Einstein , Siegfried Einstein was born in the small city of Laupheim in Württemberg .
David Mullich ( born 1958 , in Burbank , California ) is an American game producer and designer best known for creating the cult classic 1980 adventure game The Prisoner , producing the 1995 adaptation I Have No Mouth , and I Must Scream , and developing many games in the Heroes of Might and Magic franchise .
Mario Pappagallo ( Rome , 1 June 1954 ) is an Italian journalist and essayist .
Pierre Coustant ( born at Compiègne , France , 30 April 1654 ; died at the Abbey of Saint - Germain - des - Prés , near Paris , 18 October 1721 ) was a French Benedictine scholar , of the Congregation of Saint - Maur .
Lady Sovereign was born Louise Amanda Harman in 1985 to Colin Andrew Harman and Nicola Harman ( née Wood ) , in Wembley , northwest London .
Born Marie - Paule Coeuré in Saint - Omer , Pas - de - Calais , France , Paulette Noizeux made her film debut in the 1911 Abel Gance - directed film short La Digue , opposite actors Jean Renoir and Jean Toulout .
Jair Benítez Sinisterra ( born 11 January 1979 in Jamundí ) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Águilas Pereira from Categoría Primera A.
David Levinthal ( 1949 in San Francisco , California ) is a photographer who lives and works in New York .
Ivan Korbankolev ( Bulgarian : Иван Корбанколев ) ( born on 20 June 1987 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a striker for Yeledzhik Ihtiman .
William Douglas Lansford ( July 13 , 1922 in Los Angeles -- May 22 , 2013 ) was an author , screenwriter , and film producer .
Vasily Perov was born 2 January 1834 ( 21 December 1833 Old Style ) in Tobolsk , being the illegitimate son of procurator , baron Grigory Karlovich Kridener .
Yana Rattigan ( born Yana Stadnik 20 January 1987 in Lviv , Ukrainian SSR , USSR ) is a Ukrainian born wrestler who competes internationally for Great Britain and England .
Adam Hildreth ( born 25 March 1985 in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England ) setup his first company , Dubit Limited when he was 14 .
Giancarlo Neri is a sculptor born in Naples in 1955 .
Lies Jans ( born 20 January 1974 in Anderlecht ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N - VA .
Damu Cherry ( born November 29 , 1977 in Tampa , Florida ) is an American hurdler .
Mordicai Gerstein ( born November 24 , 1935 in Los Angeles , California ) is an American artist , writer , and film director , best known for illustrating and writing children 's books .
Colleen Murphy ( born 1954 in Rouyn - Noranda , Quebec ) is a Canadian screenwriter , film director and playwright .
Milt Larsen ( born April 9 , 1931 in Pasadena , California ) is a writer , actor , performer , lyricist , magician , entrepreneur , speaker and the creator of The Magic Castle , a private club for magicians and enthusiasts .
A.J. Henderson is a Canadian voice actor , born in Montreal , Quebec .
Vivek Mishra ( born 8 September 1986 ) is an Indian gymnast from Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh .
Shannon Walker ( born 4 June 1965 in Houston , Texas ) is an American scientist and a NASA astronaut , whose first space mission was Expedition 24 on the International Space Station with take - off on 15 June 2010 .
Bebeto , who was born in Salvador , Brazil , started his career in 1983 with Vitória .
Élber de Souza ( born 23 July 1972 in Londrina , Paraná ) commonly known as Giovane Élber , is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a striker .
Carl Saltzmann ( 1847 - -1923 ) was a German marine and landscape painter , born in Berlin .
Li Jianrou ( Chinese : 李坚柔 ; born 15 August 1986 in Jilin City , Jilin Province ) is a Chinese Short track Speed skater .
Martin Wiig ( born 22 August 1983 ) is a Norwegian football striker who currently plays for Bodø / Glimt in the Norwegian Tippeligaen .
Wouter Abts ( in French , Gautier Abts ) was born at Lier , near Antwerp , possibly in 1582 .
Aleksei Borisovich Yeryomenko ( Russian : Алексей Борисович Ерёменко ; born 17 January 1964 in Novocherkassk ) , also known as Alexei Eremenko Sr . , is a retired Soviet and Russian professional footballer who also holds Finnish citizenship .
Vincent Villafranca was born January 25 , 1969 in Monterey , California and spent his early years in Venezuela , Mexico and Del Rio , Texas .
Borys Szyc ( born Borys Michalak in September 4 , 1978 in Łódź ) is a Polish theatre and film actor .
Born Elmon Mickle in Keo , Arkansas , he not only recorded as Driftin ' Slim , but also as Model ' T ' Slim and under his real name .
Ricardo Penella Arias ( born 25 February 1957 in Catarroja , Valencian Community ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a sweeper .
Roger Bossard is the current Chicago White Sox head groundskeeper at U.S. Cellular Field .
Suleyman Valiyev ( Azerbaijani : Süleyman Vəliyev ; 1916 , Absheron , Ramana -- 1996 Baku ) was an Azerbaijani writer .
Whitney Crothers Dilley ( born in New York City ) is an American professor of comparative literature and cinema studies .
Adeline Canac ( born 20 May 1990 in Lagny - sur - Marne ) is a French pair skater .
Lucrezia d'Alagno ( c. 1430 -- September 23 , 1479 ) was a woman of noble birth with whom King Alphonso V of Naples had fallen in love in 1448 .
Charles Antenen ( 3 November 1929 in La Chaux - de - Fonds -- died 20 May 2000 ) was a Swiss football ( soccer ) player , who was nicknamed Kiki .
Allen Lane Williams was born in Bristol to Camilla ( née Lane ) and Samuel Williams , and studied at Bristol Grammar School .
Amir Azmy Megahed ( Arabic : أمير عزمي مجاهد‎ ; born February 14 , 1983 in Cairo ) is an Egyptian footballer .
David Wheaton ( born June 2 , 1969 ) is an author , radio host , and contributing columnist for the Minneapolis Star Tribune .
Louis Kempff was born in Belleville , Illinois , United States , to parents Frederick and Henriette Kempff , both from Germany .
Nina Brodskaya ( Russian : Ни́на Алекса́ндровна Бро́дская ; born 11 December 1947 or 1949 , Moscow ) is a Soviet singer ( soprano ) , popular in the 1960s and 1970s .
Gerhard Daum , born on September 30 , 1956 , in the southern German city of Freiburg i m Breisgau , developed an interest in music early in his childhood .
Tomaso di Campofregoso ( 1375 - -1453 ) was doge of the Republic of Genoa three times .
Horace Smith - Dorrien was born at Haresfoot , a house near Berkhamsted , to Colonel Robert Algernon Smith - Dorrien and Mary Ann Drever .
Jennifer Nitsch ( Cologne , December 10 , 1966 -- Munich , June 13 , 2004 ) was a German television actress .
Yohanan Aharoni ( Hebrew : יוחנן אהרוני ; 7 June 1919 -- 9 February 1976 ) was an Israeli archaeologist and historical geographer , chairman of the Department of Near East Studies and chairman of the Institute of Archeology at Tel - Aviv University .
Friedrich Daniel Bassermann ( February 24 , 1811 in Mannheim -- July 29 , 1855 ) was a German liberal politician who is best known for calling for a pan - German Parliament at the Frankfurt Parliament .
Lisa Tetzner ( born in Zittau , Saxony on November 10 , 1894 ; died July 2 , 1963 in Carona , Switzerland ) was a German - born Swiss children 's writer known for her work with fairy - tales .
John Bamborough , ( 3 January 1921 -- 13 February 2009 ) was a British scholar of English literature and founding Principal of Linacre College , Oxford .
Silas Weir Mitchell was born on February 15 , 1829 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to John Kearsley Mitchell .
Ludovico Bertonio ( 1552 , Rocca Contrada -- Lima , 3 August 1625 ) was an Italian Jesuit missionary to South America .
Elmer F. Jacobs ( ? -- 1945 ) was a Morgantown , West Virginia - based architect .
Jimmy Lee Lindsey Jr. ( May 1 , 1980 -- January 13 , 2010 ) , better known by the stage name Jay Reatard , was an American musician from Memphis , Tennessee .
Marco Biassoni ( 1930 in Genoa -- 2002 in Milan ) was a cartoonist , humorist and filmmaker Italian .
On December 1 , 1947 in Zabrzeg Henryk Flame was assassinated by the local communist policeman Rudolf Dadak , in a plot organized by Henryk Wendrowski ( who was also responsible for `` Action Lawina '' in which Bartek 's men were killed ) .
Hernando Durán Dussán ( Bogotá , 1920 -- Kuala Lumpur , 4 September 1998 ) was a Colombian lawyer and politician .
August Friedrich Karl Wilhelm , Duke of Saxe - Meiningen ( Frankfurt , 19 November 1754 -- Sonneberg , 21 July 1782 ) , was a duke of Saxe - Meiningen .
Princess and Countess Aurora Pavlovna Demidova ( 2/3 November 1873 in Kiev -- 28 June ( OS : 16 June ) 1904 in Turin ) was a Russian noblewoman of the Demidov family .
László Papp ( March 25 , 1926 -- October 16 , 2003 ) was a Hungarian professional boxer from Budapest .
Juan Mora Fernández ( 1784 in San José -- 1854 ) was Costa Rica 's first elected head of state .
Ingo Wegener ( * December 4 , 1950 in Bremen ; † November 26 , 2008 in Bielefeld ) was an influential German computer scientist working in the field of theoretical computer science .
Wanda Wulz ( Trieste , 25 July 1903 -- Trieste , 16 April 1984 ) was an Italian experimental photographer .
Gerlach Flicke ( fl . 1545 - 1558 ) , Latin name Gerbarus Fleccius , anglicised in the 16th century as `` Garlicke '' , was a German portrait painter who is known for his work in London as an artist of the Tudor court .
Giuseppe Francesco Borri ( 4 May 1627 in Milan -- 20 August 1695 in Rome ) was an alchemist , prophet and doctor .
Michel Félix Dunal ( 24 October 1789 Montpellier -- 29 July 1856 Montpellier ) was a French botanist .
Sebastiano Bombelli ( 1635 -- 7 May 1719 ) was an Italian painter , mainly active in Venice , during the Baroque period .
Uno Laht , ( April 30 , 1924 in Valga , Estonia -- September 24 , 2008 in Tallinn ) was an Estonian writer and poet who wrote about the characteristics of everyday Soviet life in poetry .
William Froude ( /ˈfruːd/ ; 28 November 1810 in Devon -- 4 May 1879 in Simonstown , South Africa ) was an English engineer , hydrodynamicist and naval architect .
James Tinling ( May 8 , 1889 in Seattle - May 14 , 1967 in Los Angeles ) was an American film director .
Placido Rizzotto ( Corleone , January 2 , 1914 -- March 10 , 1948 ) was an Italian socialist peasant and trade union leader from Corleone , who was assassinated by Sicilian Mafia boss Luciano Leggio .
Jan van Orley or Jan van Orley II ( 4 January 1665 , Brussels -- 22 February 1735 , Brussels ) was a Flemish painter , draughtsman , printmaker and designer of tapestries .
Alis Guggenheim ( * 8 March 1896 in Lengnau ; † 2 September 1958 in Zürich ) was a Swiss painter , and Sculptor born in Lengnau and died in Zürich .
Johann Stieglitz , born as Israel Stieglitz ( 10 March 1767 , Arolsen -- 31 October 1840 , Hanover ) was a German physician .
Franciszek Kleeberg ( 1 February 1888 in Tarnopol -- 5 April 1941 near Dresden ) was a Polish general .
Claus Sluter ( 1340s in Haarlem -- 1405 or 1406 in Dijon ) was a sculptor of Dutch origin .
On September 14 , 1999 , Col . Antulio Segarra , died in San Juan , Puerto Rico and was survived by his wife , Evangelina Ledesma and two children Evangelinita and Antulio , Jr. He was buried September 16 , with full military honors in the Puerto Rico National Cemetery located in Bayamon , Puerto Rico .
Valentin Haüy ( pronounced ( aɥi ) ; 13 November 1745 -- 19 March 1822 ) was the founder , in 1784 , of the first school for the blind , the Royal Institution for the Young Blind in Paris ( now the National Institute for the Young Blind , INJA ) .
Carlo Emanuele Pio di Savoia ( Ferrara , 5 January 1585 -- Rome , 1 June 1641 ) was an Italian cardinal of the Pio di Savoia family .
Steering Jianwei training ship , Liu Buchan traveled around the South China Sea archipelago , Bohai Bay in north China , the Liaodong Peninsula , the Shandong Peninsula and so on .
Emil Hilb ( born 26 April 1882 in Stuttgart ; died 6 August 1929 in Würzburg ) was a German - Jewish mathematician who worked in the fields of special functions , differential equations , and difference equations .
Bolo Pasha was executed in Vincennes , on the morning of April 17 , 1918 .
Giovanni Battista Piatti ( Milan , February 10 , 1812 - Milan , September 4 , 1867 ) was an Italian civil engineer .
Nako Spiru ( 4 January 1918 in Durrës -- 20 November 1947 in Tirana ) was an Albanian politician and high - ranking official of the Communist Party of Albania ( PKSh ) .
Homer Brightman ( October 1 , 1901 - January 30 , 1988 , Kirkland , Washington ) was an American screenwriter who worked for Disney Studios .
Stjepan Gomboš ( 1895 - -1975 ) was a Croatian Jewish architect responsible for the design of many business and residential buildings throughout the city of Zagreb .
Necdet Mahfi Ayral ( August 6 , 1908 in Istanbul -- June 6 , 2004 in Istanbul ) was a well - known Turkish stage and cinema actor , as well as theatre director .
Gino Zappa ( Milan , 1879 - Venice , 1960 ) was an Italian economist .
Juan Batlle Planas ( 3 March 1911 in Pals , Girona , Spain -- 8 October 1966 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was an Argentine painter of Spanish origin belonging to the surrealist school , orienting in later years to romanticism .
Laurence Jackson ( 16 September 1900 in Carnwath , South Lanarkshire--27 July 1984 in Biggar , South Lanarkshire ) was a Scottish curler .
Anteo Zamboni ( 11 April 1911 -- 31 October 1926 ) born in Bologna , was a 15-year - old Italian , Propaganda of the Deed anarchist who tried to assassinate Benito Mussolini in Bologna on 31 October 1926 , by shooting at him during the parade celebrating the March on Rome .
Rudolf Dassler ( 26 March 1898 , Herzogenaurach , ( Germany ) - 27 October 1974 , Herzogenaurach ) was the German founder of the sportswear company Puma and the older brother of Adidas founder , Adolf `` Adi '' Dassler .
George Hawi was assassinated on 21 June 2005 when a bomb planted in his car was detonated by remote control , as he traveled through Beirut 's Wata Musaitbi neighborhood .
Frank Loughran ( 31 January 1931 -- 11 January 2008 ) was a Belfast - born footballer who was considered to be one of the pioneers of the sport in Australia .
Michel Vanderbauwhede ( 19 May 1901 , Boezinge - 3 July 1977 , Ypres ) was a Belgian football player .
Dr. Curt Kosswig ( sometimes spelled `` Koßwig '' ) ( born October 30 , 1903 in Berlin ; died March 29 , 1982 in Hamburg ) was a German zoologist and geneticist who spent most of his career at the University of Istanbul ( 1937 - -1955 ) and Hamburg University ( 1955 - -1969 ) .
Agenor Miranda Araújo Neto , better known as Cazuza ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kaˈzuzɐ ) ; 4 April 1958 -- 7 July 1990 ) , was a Brazilian composer and singer , born in Rio de Janeiro .
François Stahly ( March 8 , 1911 Konstanz -- July 2 , 2006 Paris ) was a German - French sculptor .
Stephan Farffler ( 1633 -- October 24 , 1689 ) was a Nuremberg watchmaker of the seventeenth century whose invention of a manumotive carriage in 1655 is widely considered to have been the first self - propelled wheelchair .
In 1658 - -61 , Grigory Kotoshikhin was one of those sent on a diplomatic mission to negotiate the Treaty of Valiesari and Treaty of Kardis with Sweden .
Gulab Singh ( 1792 - -1857 ) was the founder of royal Dogra dynasty and first Maharaja of the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir , the second largest princely state in British India , which was created after the defeat of the Sikhs in the First Anglo - Sikh War .
Rudolf Kreitlein ( 14 November 1919 ; Fürth -- 31 July 2012 ; Stuttgart ) was a German international football referee , active in the 1960s .
József Szily ( 2 October 1913 , Budapest -- 26 April 1976 ) was a Hungarian chess master .
Lieven de Key ( 1560 -- July 17 , 1627 ) was a famous Dutch renaissance architect in the Netherlands , mostly known today for his works in Haarlem .
Gaetano Kanizsa ( Hebrew : גאטאנו קאניזסא‎ ; born 18 August 1913 - died 13 March 1993 ) was an Italian psychologist and artist of Jewish descent who last served as a founder of the Institute of Psychology of Trieste .
Francis Aidan Gasquet , O.S.B. ( 5 October 1846 -- 5 April 1929 in Rome ) was an English Benedictine monk and historical scholar .
Joan Baptista Pujol i Riu ( Spanish Juan Bautista Pujol , Barcelona , 1835 - -1898 ) was a Catalan pianist and pedagogue .
Tommaso Palamidessi ( Pisa , February 16 , 1915 -- Rome , April 29 , 1983 ) was an Italian esotericist .
Gaetano Emanuel Calì ( Catania , 1885 - Syracuse , 1936 ) was an Italian composer , orchestra conductor , and bandleader .
Matti Pellonpää ( 28 March 1951 in Helsinki -- 13 July 1995 in Vaasa ) was a Finnish actor and a musician .
Gerolamo Induno ( 13 December 1825 , Milan - 18 December 1890 , Milan ) was an Italian painter and soldier , best - known for his military scenes .
James Hogarth Pringle ( born 26 January 1863 in Parramatta , Australia -- died 24 April 1941 in Killearn , Scotland ) was a surgeon in Glasgow , Scotland , who made a number of important contributions to surgical practice .
He was a founding member of the board of trustees of Bob Jones College and a personal friend of the founder , evangelist Bob Jones , Sr . Bibb Graves died in Sarasota , Florida while preparing for another gubernatorial campaign .
Heinrich Eppen was listed as missing in action on 4 June 1942 after aerial combat near Tobruk , Libya .
Guy de La Brosse ( 1586 -- 1641 in Paris ) , was a French botanist , doctor , and pharmacist .
Angelo Joseph Rossi ( January 22 , 1878 -- April 5 , 1948 ) was a U.S. political figure who served as the 31st mayor of San Francisco .
Peter Flötner , also Flatner , Flettner , or Floetner ( born around 1490 in Thurgau , died 23 October 1546 in Nuremberg ) was a German designer , sculptor , and printmaker .
Angel Metodiev was born in Kirkovo , now a part of Veliki Preslav ( near Varna ) , the oldest capital of Bulgaria , and started his career at the National Academy of Arts in Sofia where he studied with Professor Boris Mitov and graduated summa cum laude ( with the highest honors ) .
Duke Theodore Rostislavich nicknamed Theodore the Black ( b. in about 1230s -- d. 1298 ) , Феодор Ростиславич Чёрный ( Чёрмный ) in Russian , is a saint of the Russian Orthodox Church and was a ruler of Smolensk and Yaroslavl .
Persis Khambatta was born into a middle - class Parsi home in Mumbai , then known as Bombay .
Nodira was the wife of Muhammad Umar Khan ( 1787 - 1822 ) who ruled the Khanate of Kokand from 1809 until 1822 .
Thomas Storm ( 1749 , Hopewell , Dutchess County , New York -- August 4 , 1833 New York City ) was an American politician .
Theophil Ruderstaller ( 1906 , in Ostermiething , Upper Austria ; † June 10 , 1946 , in Fuxin , China ) was a capuchin and China missionary .
Cyril Trigg ( 8 April 1917 -- 9 April 1993 ) was an English professional footballer who made 268 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham City .
José Corti is a book shop and publishing house located in Paris , France , and was founded in 1925 .
Carl Braden ( June 24 , 1914 -- February 8 , 1975 ) was born in New Albany , Indiana , and died in Louisville , Kentucky .
Saint Rasso of Andechs ( also Rasso of Grafrath , Graf Ratt , Ratho , Grafrath , Rasso von Andechs ) ( ca . 900 - 953 ) was a Bavarian count and military leader , pilgrim , and saint .
Dewey Readmore Books ( circa November 1987 -- November 29 , 2006 ) was the resident cat at the Spencer Public Library in Spencer , Iowa , garnering worldwide publicity .
Giovanni Maria Verdizotti was a well - connected writer and artist who was born in Venice in 1525 and died there in 1600 .
Shaktipada Rajguru was fond of travelling and many of his novels are set in locations such as Chota Nagpur , Maharashtra , and Dandakaranya , places distant from Kolkata , where his novels are published .
Josef Božek ( Polish : Józef Bożek ) ( 28 February 1782 in Biery -- 21 October 1835 in Prague ) was an engineer and inventor from Cieszyn Silesia , labelled by various sources as Czech or Polish .
Heinrich Eduard Heine ( March 16 , 1821 , Berlin -- October 21 , 1881 , Halle ) was a German mathematician .
Jacques Dubois ( 1478 -- 14 January 1555 ) , also known as Jacobus Sylvius in Latin , was a French anatomist in Paris .
Giuseppe Santelli ( Signa , January 20 , 1880 -- Signa , March 9 , 1956 ) was an Italian painter .
Jacoba Maria van Nickelen ( c1690 , Haarlem -- 1749 , Amsterdam ) , was an 18th - century flower painter from the Northern Netherlands .
With Mar Yousef VII Ghanima , the Patriarchate transferred from Mosul to Baghdad .
Johannes Palaschko ( 13 July 1877 in Berlin -- 21 October 1932 in Berlin ) was a German composer , violinist and violist who wrote numerous works for both violin and viola .
Sahana Pradhan ( 17 June 1927 -- 22 September 2014 ) was a Nepalese politician from a Newar family in Kathmandu .
Émile Gallé ( Nancy , 8 May 1846 -- Nancy , 23 September 1904 ) was a French artist who worked in glass , and is considered to be one of the major forces in the French Art Nouveau movement .
Theophil Wurm ( 7 December 1868 , Basel -- 28 January 1953 , Stuttgart ) was the son of a pastor and was a leader in the German Protestant Church in the early twentieth century .
Rudi Mittig born 26 January 1925 in Liberec ( Reichenberg ) , Czechoslovakia , died 28 August 1994 in Berlin , Germany .
Sam Collyer ( May 14 , 1842 in Boulogne , France -- December 7 , 1904 in Brooklyn , New York ) was a lightweight bare - knuckle boxer .
Obizzo da Polenta ( died January 30 , 1431 ) was a lord of Ravenna of the da Polenta family .
Gina Kaus , née Regina Wiener ( 21 October 1893 , Vienna , Austria -- 23 December 1985 , Los Angeles , California ) was an Austrian - American novelist and screenwriter .
Otto Baumberger ( 21 May 1889 Altstetten , Zurich - 26 December 1961 Weiningen ) , was a noted Swiss painter and poster artist .
Peter McWilliam ( 21 September 1879 , Inverness , Scotland -- 1 October 1951 , Redcar , England ) was a Scottish footballer who played at left - half for Inverness Thistle , Newcastle United and Scotland .
François - Honoré - Georges Jacob - Desmalter ( 1770 - -1841 ) oversaw one of the most successful and influential furniture workshops in Paris , from 1796 to 1825 .
Ferruccio Amendola ( July 22 , 1930 in Turin -- September 3 , 2001 in Rome ) was an actor and Italian voice - over actor who worked for cinema and television .
Mikhail Savoyarov ( Russian : Михаи́л Никола́евич Савоя́ров , Mikhai'l Nikoláevič Savoyárov ) ( 18 November ( O.S. 30 November ) 1876 , Moscow -- 4 August 1941 , Moscow ) was a Russian chansonnier , composer , poet , comic actor and mime .
Giovanni Francesco Pressenda ( Lequio Berria ( Cuneo ) , 1777 -- Turin , December 12 , 1854 ) was an Italian violin maker .
Étienne Maynon d'Invault ( born 1721 , Paris -- 1801 , Saint - Germain - en - Laye ) was a French statesman .
Jacob Hübner ( 20 June 1761 -- 13 September 1826 , in Augsburg ) was a German entomologist .
The son of Colonel Littleberry Mosby Sr . , he lived his entire life at Mosby Tavern in Cumberland County , Virginia / Powhatan County , Virginia , Powhatan County having been created from the eastern portion of Cumberland County in May 1777 .
Asghar Hameed ( * 1919 in Lahore ; † 14 October 2002 in Lahore ) was the fourth Emir of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement .
Panagiotis Poikilidis ( Παναγιώτης Ποικιλίδης , 27 February 1965 -- 23 May 2014 ) was a Greek wrestler from Thessaloniki , Macedonia , Greece .
Peter Christen Asbjørnsen was born in Christiania ( now Oslo ) and was descended from a family originating in Otta in Gudbrandsdal , which is believed to have come to an end with his death .
Álvaro de Bazán , 2nd Marquis of Santa Cruz , a.k.a . Álvaro de Bazán y Benavides , a.k.a . Alvaro II de Bazán , ( Naples , Italy , 12 September 1571 -- 1646 ) , was the son of Álvaro de Bazán , 1st Marquis of Santa Cruz .
Sarkis Diranian ( Armenian : Սարգիս Տիրանեան ; born Istanbul , Ottoman Turkey 1854 - died Paris , France 1918 ) was an Armenian orientalist painter .
Helmut Rix ( July 4 , 1926 , in Amberg -- December 3 , 2004 , in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) was a German linguist and professor of the Sprachwissenschaftliches Seminar of Albert - Ludwigs - Universität , Freiburg , Germany .
Alberto Burri ( born 12 March 1915 in Città di Castello , Italy , died 13 February 1995 in Nice , France ) was an Italian painter and sculptor .
Johann Karl Wezel ( October 31 , 1747 in Sondershausen , Germany -- January 28 , 1819 in Sondershausen ) , also Johann Carl Wezel , was a German poet , novelist and philosopher of the Enlightenment .
Helmut Rahn , known as Der Boss ( The Boss ) , ( 16 August 1929 in Essen -- 14 August 2003 ) was a German football player .
Stanley Gardner ( 13 December 1890 in Sherbrooke -- 17 August 1945 in Montreal ) was a Canadian pianist and music educator .
Peter Cheyney was born in 1896 , the youngest of five children , and educated at the Mercers ' School in the City of London .
Yervant Voskan ( Armenian : Երվանդ Հակոբի Ոսկան ) , also known as Osgan Efendi ( Armenian : Երվանդ Ոսկան ; 1855 in Constantinople , Ottoman Empire -- 1914 ) was a famed Ottoman painter , sculptor , instructor , and administrator of Armenian descent .
Bill Looby ( November 20 , 1931 in St. Louis , Missouri -- December 9 , 1998 in St. Louis ) was an American soccer forward who spent his entire career in the St. Louis Leagues .
Edward Moseley ( born 16 February 1682 or 1683 - died 11 July 1749 ) , was the Surveyor General of the Province of North Carolina before 1710 and 1723 to 1733 .
Pranė Dundulienė ( February 12 , 1910 in Pilypai , Švenčionys district - February 27 , 1991 in Vilnius ) , was a Lithuanian ethnographer .
Norbert von Hannenheim , with full name Norbert Wolfgang Stephan Hann von Hannenheim ( * 1898.5.15 Nagyszeben , + 1945.9.29 in the Landeskrankenhaus Obrawalde near Międzyrzecz ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born German composer .
Gerhard Rohner ( born Nieder - Heiduk 23 May 1895 : died Bonn 7 March 1971 ) was a politician in the Soviet occupation zone of Germany , which later became the German Democratic Republic .
Jean - Charles Roman d'Amat ( Crots , 12 May 1887 -- Versailles , 29 March 1976 ) was a French librarian and historian .
Auguste Eugène Méquignon ( 21 February 1875 , in Paris -- 1958 in Paris ) , was a French entomologist .
Cecil Higgs ( 28 June 1898 , Thaba Nchu , Orange Free State - 16 June 1986 , Cape Town , South Africa ) was a South African artist .
Dirk Bogarde was born in a nursing home at 12 Hemstal Road , West Hampstead , London .
Maurice Picon was born on 27 July 1931 in Wittelsheim and died in Lyon on 16 November 2014 .
Léonie Gilmour was born in New York City on June 17 , 1873 , and grew up in the East Village , Manhattan .
Fritzi Brunette ( May 27 , 1890 , Savannah , Georgia -- September 28 , 1943 , Hollywood , California ) was an actress from Savannah , Georgia who acted in motion pictures for thirty years .
Georg Caspar Schürmann ( 1672 ( or early 1673 ) , Idensen bei Neustadt am Rübenberge -- 25 February 1751 , Wolfenbüttel ) was a German Baroque composer .
Édouard - Alfred Martel ( 1 July 1859 , Pontoise , Val - d'Oise -- 3 June 1938 , Montbrison ) , the ' father of modern speleology ' , was a world pioneer of cave exploration , study , and documentation .
JCJ Vanderheyden was born in 1928 in ' s - Hertogenbosch .
Hermann Oelrichs ( June 8 , 1850 in Baltimore , Maryland -- September 1 , 1906 aboard SS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse , Atlantic Ocean ) , was an American businessman , multimillionaire , and agent of Norddeutsche Lloyd shipping .
John Henry Hubbard ( March 24 , 1804 in Salisbury , Connecticut -- July 30 , 1872 in Litchfield , Connecticut ) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th congressional district from 1863 to 1867 .
Jan Bauch ( November 16 , 1898 in Prague - January 9 , 1995 ) was a versatile Czech artist , especially as a painter and sculptor .
Prince George William of Hanover lived in Schliersee , near Munich , and died in Munich in 2006 .
Louis Vola ( La Seyne - sur - Mer , France , 6 July 1902 -- 15 August 1990 , Paris ) , was a French double - bassist famous for his work with the Quintette du Hot Club de France he is the godfather of the guitariste Francois Vola .
Jan Meerhout ( before 1630 , Gorinchem -- 1677 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Jacques Vilfrid , born 23 January 1923 , in Paris , died 21 January 1988 in Paris , is a French film director , film writer , and film producer .
Richard Scheibe ( 19 April 1879 , Chemnitz -- 6 October 1964 , Berlin ) was a German artist primarily remembered as a sculptor .
Pépé Kallé was born Kabasele Yampanya in Kinshasa ( then Léopoldville ) in the Belgian Congo , but later assumed his pseudonym in hommage to his mentor , Le Grand Kallé .
José Romero y Fernández de Landa ( 27 May 1735 , Huelva -- 5 August 1807 , Madrid ) was a Spanish naval and army officer and the Spanish Navy 's first official naval engineer and ship designer .
Marian Mazur ( Radom , December 7 , 1909 -- Warsaw , January 21 , 1983 ) was an expert in cybernetics , and author of :
Giuseppe Toaldo ( b. at Pianezze , 1719 ; d. at Padua , 1797 ) was an Italian Catholic priest and physicist .
Waltrude Schleyer died on March 21 , 2008 , at the age of 92 in Stuttgart , Germany .
Rev. James Karnusian ( 1926 , Beirut , Lebanon -- April 8 , 1998 , Bern , Switzerland ) was a Swiss - Armenian pastor , writer and public activist .
Giorgio Andreoli ( between 1465 and 1470 -- 1553 ) , named also Mastro Giorgio Andreoli or Mastro Giorgio , was born in Intra , on the Lake Maggiore , and died in Gubbio , where he spent most of his life , in 1555 .
José Ortiz - Echagüe ( August 2 , 1886 ; Guadalajara - September 7 , 1980 ; Madrid ) was a Spanish entrepreneur , industrial and military engineer , pilot and photographer , founder of Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA ( CASA ) and Honorary lifetime President of SEAT ( Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo ) .
Václav Smetáček ( 30 September 1906 in Brno -- 18 February 1986 in Prague ) was a Czech conductor , composer , and oboist .
Mike Sheffield ( November 3 , 1949 in Atlanta , Georgia -- February 19 , 2011 in Johns Creek , Georgia ) was an American attorney who served as a prosecutor at the DeKalb County District Attorney 's Office for nearly a decade .
Else Sehrig - Vehling ( Düsseldorf , 26.05.1897 - Bad Salzuflen , 12.02.1994 ) was a German expressionist .
Modesto Lafuente y Zamalloa ( born at Rabanal de los Caballeros , Cervera de Pisuerga , Palencia Province on 1 May 1806 ; died at Madrid , 25 October 1866 ) was a Spanish critic and historian .
Cornelio Schut or Cornelis Schut III ( alternative names : Cornelis Escut III , Cornelis Scut III , Cornelio Schut el Mozo , Cornelio Schut el joven ) ( c. 1629 -- 1685 ) was a Flemish painter who was active in Seville , Spain during his entire career .
Joseph Ludwig Colmar ( born at Strasburg , 22 June 1760 ; died at Mainz , 15 December 1818 ) was a German Catholic Bishop of Mainz .
Karl Emil Scherz ( 31 August 1860 , Loschwitz near Dresden -- 10 October 1945 , Dresden ) was a German architect and local historian of Blasewitz .
António Botto ( Concavada , Portugal , August 17 , 1892 -- Rio de Janeiro , March 16 , 1959 ) was a Portuguese aesthete and modernist poet .
Marty Blake ( March 22 , 1927 -- April 7 , 2013 ) was a general manager of the Atlanta Hawks franchise , and the NBA 's longtime Director of Scouting .
Thierry Agullo ( 1945 in Bordeaux -- 29 January 1980 in Poitiers ) , was a French artist .
Bronisława Wajs ( 17 August 1908 , Lublin - 8 February 1987 , Inowrocław ) was a Polish - Romani classic poet and singer .
Carlo Vanvitelli ( 1739 - -1821 ) was an Italian architect and engineer , who worked mainly in Naples and its surrounding area .
Basilius Petritz ( 20 May 1647 -- 6 September 1715 ) was a German composer and Kreuzkantor in Dresden 1694 - -1713 .
Jobst Harrich ( baptized 30 September 1579 -- buried 11 April 1617 ) was a German painter best known as a copyist of Albrecht Dürer , born and dead in Nuremberg .
Charles Fulton Oursler ( January 22 , 1893 , Baltimore , Maryland - May 24 , 1952 , New York City ) was an American journalist , playwright , editor and writer .
Father Antonio Demo ( S. Lazzaro at Bassano del Grappa , Italy , April 23 , 1870 - New York City , January 2 , 1936 ) was a New York City Italian American priest and civic activist .
Pierre - Charles Le Mettay ( 19 July 1726 , Fécamp - 29 March 1759 , Paris ) was a French , primarily of mythological scenes , and designer .
In exile , Jan Čep lived in Paris ( 1948 - 1951 ) and in Munich ( 1951 - 1954 ) where he became a commentator in the Czech section of Radio Free Europe .
Otto Schmeil ( 3 February 1860 , Großkugel -- 3 February 1943 , Heidelberg ) was a German zoologist , botanist and educator .
Pheidippides is said to have run from Marathon to Athens to deliver news of a military victory against the Persians in the Battle of Marathon .
Jacques Ledoux ( 1921 in Warsaw -- 6 June 1988 in Brussels ) was a Belgian cinema specialist , curator of the Royal Film Archive of Belgium ( Cinémathèque royale de Belgique ) from 1948 to 1988 and the founder of the Cinema Museum in Brussels ( Musée du cinéma de Bruxelles ) in 1962 .
Commodore Isaac Hull died at the age of 69 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania and is buried there in Laurel Hill Cemetery .
Toni Brutscher ( born 15 November 1925 in Oberstdorf -- 16 November 1983 ) was a West German ski jumper who competed during the 1950s .
Vittorio Mangano ( Palermo , August 18 , 1940 -- Palermo , 23 July 2000 ) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia or Cosa Nostra .
Hermann Budzislawski was born in Berlin at the start of the twentieth century .
Frederick Albert Winsor , originally Friedrich Albrecht Winzer ( 1763 in Braunschweig , Germany -- May 11 , 1830 in Paris ) was a German inventor , one of the pioneers of gas lighting in the UK and France .
Ernst Born was killed 27 March 1944 near Narva , Estonia and was posthumously awarded the Knight 's Cross .
Christoph Voll ( 27th April 1897 in Munich ) ; † ( 16th June 1939 in Karlsruhe ) was a German sculptor and graphic artist associated with Expressionism .
When the Ghetto was razed by the Germans in September 1943 , Pati Kremer as among the many victims who were rounded up , transported to the Sobibor extermination camp and killed .
Carl Gustaf Thomson ( October 13 , 1824 in Malmöhus -- September 20 , 1899 in Lund ) was a Swedish entomologist .
Cosimo De Giorgi or Arcangelo Cosimo De Giorgi ( Lizzanello , 9 February 1842 -- Lecce , 22 December 1922 ) was an Italian scientist .
Jean - Jacques Causse ( 29 August 1751 -- 15 April 1796 ) was killed in action at the Second Battle of Dego while commanding a French Republican infantry brigade .
Evan - Burrows Fontaine died on December 27 , 1984 aged 86 , at the Winchester Medical Center in Winchester , Virginia .
Saint Franca Visalta ( 1170 - -1218 ) , also known as Franca of Piacenza , was a Cistercian abbess .
George Edwin Lord ( February 17 , 1846 - June 25 , 1876 ) was a U.S. Army Assistant Surgeon in the 7th Cavalry who was killed in the Battle of the Little Big Horn in Montana Territory during the Black Hills War .
Abdul Kahar Muzakkar was the leader of a rebellion in South Sulawesi from 1950 till his death in 1965 .
Abraham de Verwer ( 1585 , Haarlem -- 1650 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter of cityscapes , ( river ) landscapes and seascapes .
John Johns Trigg ( 1748 -- May 17 , 1804 ) was an American farmer and politician from Bedford County , Virginia .
Vicente Liem de la Paz ( Vietnamese : Vinh Sơn Phạm Hiếu Liêm ) ( 1732 -- November 7 , 1773 ) was a Tonkinese ( present day northern Vietnam ) Dominican friar venerated as a saint and martyr by the Roman Catholic Church .
Vincenzo Filonardi ( born in Rome , 23 June 1853 - died in Rome , 6 May 1916 ) was an Italian politician and soldier of the Regio Esercito .
Vito Carrera ( born in Trapani , active 1603 - died Palermo , 1623 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Palermo .
Giuseppe Pippo Barzizza ( Italian pronunciation ' pippo dʒu'zeppe bar'tsitsa ; Genova , 15 May 1902 -- Sanremo 4 April 1994 ) was an Italian composer , arranger , conductor and music director .
Theodosius Florentini ( 23 May 1808 at Münster , in the Grisons , Switzerland -- 15 February 1865 at Heiden , in Appenzell ) was a Swiss Capuchin monk , a founder of Catholic religious orders and institutions .
Moses Porges , Edler von Portheim , or Moses Porges von Portheim ( 13/22 December 1781 , Prague -- 21 May 1870 , Prague ) was a Bohemian - Austrian industrialist ( manufacturer ) and vice - burgomaster of Prague - Smichow ; knight of the Order of Franz Joseph .
Countess Vilma Hugonnai de Szentgyörgy ( September 30 , 1847 in Nagytétény , Hungary ( today part of Budapest ) -- March 25 , 1922 in Budapest ) was the first Hungarian woman medical doctor .
István Pintér ( Slovene : Števan Pinter ) ( ab . January 25 , 1831 -- December 11 , 1875 ) was a Hungarian Slovene writer and court in Felsőszölnök .
Mohammed I ibn Nasr ( Arabic : محمد ابن الأحمر‎ Muḥammad ibn al-''Aḥmar ) was a Nasrid ruler of the Emirate of Granada in Al - Andalus on the Iberian Peninsula , and founder of the last Muslim dynasty in Spain in 1238 .
Felice Feliciano ( Verona 1433 - Rome 1479 ) was a fifteenth - century calligrapher , composer of alchemical sonnets , and expert on Roman antiquity , especially inscriptions on stone .
Canserbero died in an apparent murder -- suicide on January 20 , 2015 , in Maracay .
Georg Jakob Felsing , a German line - engraver , was born at Darmstadt in 1802 .
Heinrich Bartels ( born 13 July 1918 in Linz , Austria -- killed in action 23 December 1944 near Bad Godesberg ) was a German fighter pilot in the Luftwaffe and fought during World War II . Bartels was credited with 99 victories , making him a fighter ace .
Alessio Ascalesi ( 22 October 1872 -- 11 May 1952 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Naples .
The Pauline Betz Addie Tennis Center at Cabin John Regional Park in Potomac , Maryland was renamed in her honor on May 1 , 2008 .
Eduard Charlemont was born in Vienna , capital of the Austrian Empire in 1848 .
Jean - Pierre Wimille died at the wheel of Simca - Gordini during practice runs for the 1949 Buenos Aires Grand Prix .
L. Harris Hiscock and Frank Hiscock were founders of the Syracuse firm currently known as Hiscock & Barclay .
Richard Addinsell was born in Woburn Square , London , to William Arthur Addinsell , who was a chartered accountant , and his wife , Annie Beatrice Richards .
Hildegard Trabant , née Pohl ( June 12 , 1927 in Berlin -- August 18 , 1964 in Berlin ) was a German woman killed trying to cross the Berlin Wall .
Manco Inca Yupanqui ( 1516 - -1544 ) ( Manqu Inka Yupanki in Quechua ) was the founder and monarch ( Sapa Inca ) of the independent Neo - Inca State in Vilcabamba , although he was originally a puppet Inca Emperor installed by the Spaniards .
Margrave ( Prince ) Hermann of Baden - Baden ( 12 October 1628 in Baden - Baden ; died 30 October 1691 in Regensburg ) was a general and diplomat in the imperial service .
Gabriel Flores ( February 8 , 1930 -- December 14 , 1993 ) was a prominent Mexican painter and muralist born in Guadalajara , Jalisco .
Goffredo Mameli ( Italian pronunciation : ( ɡofˈfreːdo maˈmɛːli ) ; Genoa , 5 September 1827 -- Rome , 6 July 1849 ) , an Italian patriot , poet , and writer was a notable figure in the Italian Risorgimento .
Giuseppe Averani FRS or Averanus ( March 20 , 1662 , Pisa -- August 24 , 1738 , Florence ) was an Italian jurist and naturalist .
The Isdal Woman ( Norwegian : Isdalskvinnen ) is the subject of an unsolved case involving an unidentified woman found dead at Isdalen Valley in Bergen , Norway , on 29 November 1970 .
Yves Guillou ( 1880 - 1963 ) was a French politician and former mayor of the city of Caen .
Désiré Georges Jean Marie Bois ( 9 October 1856 , Granville -- 2 February 1946 , Saint - Mandé ) was a French botanist , horticulturist and agronomist .
Carlos Mauricio Valenti Perrillat ( November 15 , 1888 in Paris -- October 29 , 1912 in Paris ) was a French - born painter , who worked predominantly in Guatemala .
Luigi Veronelli ( February 2 , 1926 in Milan -- November 29 , 2004 in Bergamo ) was an Italian gastronome , wine critic and intellectual .
Sophia of Halshany or Sonka Olshanskaya ( Belarusian : Соф'я Гальшанская , Sofja Halšanskaja ; Lithuanian : Sofija Alšėniškė ; Polish : Zofia Holszańska ; c. 1405 -- September 21 , 1461 in Kraków ) was a Lithuanian princess of Halshany .
Carlos Alberto Guajardo Romero ( c. 1973 -- November 5 , 2010 ) was a Mexican journalist and crime reporter who worked for the Expreso de Matamoros local newspaper in the border city of Matamoros , Tamaulipas .
Daniël Haringh ( 1636 in The Hague -- 1713 in The Hague ) , was an 18th - century painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Paul de Lamerie ( 9 April 1688 -- 1 August 1751 ) was a London - based silversmith .
Herbert Mundin died in Van Nuys , Los Angeles , California following a car crash .
Baxter Ward ( November 5 , 1919 -- February 4 , 2002 ) was a television news anchor who served two terms on the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors .
Maurice Frère ( 8 August 1890 , Charleroi -- 11 August 1970 , Side ) was a Belgian civil servant and governor of the National Bank of Belgium ( NBB ) from 1944 until 1957 .
Eduard Albert ( January 20 , 1841 , Žamberk , Bohemia -- September 26 , 1900 ) , was a Czech surgeon , professor and historian .
Agustín Yáñez Delgadillo ( May 4 , 1904 in Guadalajara , Jalisco -- January 17 , 1980 in Mexico City ) was a notable Mexican writer and politician who served as Governor of Jalisco and Secretary of Public Education during Gustavo Díaz Ordaz 's presidency .
Gabriele Castagnola ( 14 November 1828 -- 30 August 1883 ) was an Italian artist born in Genoa and active in Florence .
Hippolyte Lecomte ( 28 December 1781 , Puiseaux -- 25 July 1857 , Paris ) was a French painter best known for large scale historical paintings and ballet designs .
Georges Mathé took over the Hematology Department of the Institut Gustave Roussy in Villejuif in 1961 and created the Institut de Cancérologie et d’Immuno - génétique in 1964 where he created the first sterile hospital rooms .
Francesco I Gattilusio ( died 6 August 1384 ) was the first member of the Gattilusio family to rule the Aegean island of Lesbos as vassal of the Byzantine emperor .
Only one week after the trial and despite a law question likely to cancel the sentence about to be taken by the Conseil d'État ( French supreme public court ) , Jean Bastien - Thiry was executed by firing squad at the Fort d'Ivry on 11 March 1963 , while clutching his rosary .
In 1936 , upon Heinrich Neuhaus 's suggestion , Maria Yudina joined the piano faculty of the Moscow Conservatory , where she taught until 1951 .
Sir Robert Stanes ( 13 May 1841 -- 6 September 1936 ) was a British businessman and philanthropist in India who founded United Nilgiri Tea Estates ( UNTE ) in Coimbatore .
Seattle - based Lockrem Johnson ( 1924 , Davenport , Iowa -- 1977 ) was an American composer .
Bertha Wegmann ( 16 December 1846 , Soglio , Switzerland -- 22 February 1926 , Copenhagen ) was a Danish portrait painter of German ancestry .
Samuel Urlsperger ( August 31 , 1685 in Kirchheim unter Teck , Germany -- April 21 , 1772 in Augsburg , Germany ) was a German Lutheran theologian with pietistic orientations .
Michael Rackl ( 31 October 1883 -- 5 May 1948 ) was Roman Catholic Bishop of Eichstätt from 1935 until his death in 1948 .
Max and Reizl Bozyk and their daughter fled the Nazis in 1939 , traveling first to Argentina , and , in 1941 , to New York City .
Marie Georges Humbert ( 7 January 1859 Paris , France -- 22 January 1921 Paris , France ) was a French mathematician who worked on Kummer surfaces and the Appell--
Dmytro Antonovych ( 15 November 1877 , in Kiev -- 12 October 1945 , in Prague ) was a Ukrainian politician and art historian .
William Pallister Hubbard ( December 24 , 1843 -- December 5 , 1921 ) was an American Republican politician from Wheeling , West Virginia who served as a United States Representative .
Karl Holl ( May 15 , 1866 - -May 23 , 1926 in Berlin ) was a Professor of theology and church history at Tübingen and Berlin and is considered one of the most influential church historians of his era .
Étienne Delaune , Delaulne , or De Laune , a French engraver , was born in Paris , or more probably at Orléans , in 1518 .
Moses ben Joseph di Trani ( Hebrew : משה מטראני‎ ) known by his acronym Mabit ( Salonica , Rumelia Eyalet in Ottoman Greece 1505 -- Jerusalem , Ottoman Empire 1585 ) was a 16th - century rabbi in Safed .
Carlos Schlieper ( 23 September 1902 -- 11 April 1957 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter of the classic era .
Hendrik Constantijn Cras ( 4 January 1739 , Leiden -- 5 April 1820 , Amsterdam ) was a Dutch jurist and city librarian of Amsterdam .
Benedict Welte ( Ratzenried , Württemberg , 25 November 1825 -- 27 May 1885 , Rottenburg am Neckar ) was a German Catholic exegete .
Juan Bautista Arriaza ( 27 February 1770 , Madrid -- 22 January 1837 ) was a Spanish poet and writer .
Tomás Antonio Sánchez de Uribe ( Cantabria , 1723 - -1802 , Madrid ) , was a controversial ecclesiastic and the first editor of several basic texts of Spanish Medieval Literature , including the Cantar del Mio Cid .
Count Nikolai Nikitich Demidov ( 9 October / November 1773 , Chirkovitsy , Saint Petersburg Governorate - 22 April 1828 , Florence ) was a Russian industrialist , collector and arts patron of the Demidov family .
After Francis died , the possessions of Arnold Machin in his house near Eccleshall in rural Staffordshire were sold in auction .
Menez or Maria Inês Ribeiro da Fonseca , GOSE ( Lisbon , 1926 - -1995 ) was a Portuguese painter .
Frà Giovanni Battista Tommasi ( Cortona , 6 October 1731 -- Catania , 13 June 1805 ) was an Italian nobleman and 73rd Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta .
Suhotra Swami or Suhotra Dasa ( born Roger Terrence Crowley , December 11 , 1950 , Holyoke , Massachusetts -- April 8 , 2007 , Mayapur , India ) was a Hindu Vaishnava author , philosopher and a leading guru in the International Society of Krishna Consciousness ( ISKCON ) .
François - Joseph Vézina ( June 11 , 1849 in Quebec City -- October 5 , 1924 in Quebec City ) was a Quebec conductor , composer , organist and music professor .
Humprecht Jan Černín ( Radenín , 1628 - Prague 1682 ) was a Czech noble and diplomat .
Louis Lallemant ( Châlons - en - Champagne 1578 -- 5 April 1635 in Bourges ) was a French Jesuit .
John White Brockenbrough ( December 23 , 1806 -- February 20 , 1877 ) was a Virginia lawyer , federal judge , educator , and the founder of the Lexington Law School , now known as Washington and Lee University School of Law .
Ignacio López Rayón ( July 31 , 1773 , Tlalpujahua , Michoacán , New Spain -- February 2 , 1832 , Mexico City ) led the revolutionary government of his country after Miguel Hidalgo 's death , during the first years of the Mexican War of Independence .
On Monday , June 11 , 2012 Nicolai Levashov , a prominent Russian scientist and writer , kind and honourable man , left this world in his Moscow flat .
James Charles Heard ( August 10 , 1917 in Dayton , Ohio -- September 27 , 1988 in Royal Oak , Michigan ) , better known as J. C. Heard , was a United States swing , bop , and blues drummer .
Walther Eichrodt ( August 1 , 1890 in Gernsbach , Baden -- May 20 , 1978 in Basel ) was a German Old Testament scholar and Protestant theologian .
Dragoljub Minić ( April 5 , 1936 in Podgorica , Zeta Banovina , Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- c. April 5 , 2005 in Novi Sad , Serbia and Montenegro ) was a Yugoslav Grandmaster of chess .
Fleury François Richard ( 25 February 1777 , Lyon -- 14 March 1852 , Écully ) , sometimes called Fleury - Richard , was a painter of the École de Lyon .
Alberto Barton did his primary studies in `` Nuestra Señora de la O de Lima '' and the high school at `` Convictorio Peruano en Lima . ''
Mykola Lukash ( Ukrainian : Микола Олексійович Лукаш ; 19 December 1919 in Krolevets -- 29 August 1988 in Kiev ) was the known Ukrainian literary translator , theorist and lexicographer .
Ivan Skoropadsky moved the capital of the Cossack Hetmanate from Baturyn which was razed by the Russian army for Mazepa 's rebellion , to the town of Hlukhiv .
Brother Lawrence of the Resurrection ( c. 1614 -- 12 February 1691 ) served as a lay brother in a Carmelite monastery in Paris .
Harry McNally ( 7 July 1936 -- 12 December 2004 ) was an English football player , coach and manager , noted for his spells as manager of Wigan Athletic and Chester City .
John Houstoun ( /ˈhaʊstən/ ; August 31 , 1744 -- July 20 , 1796 ) was an American lawyer and statesman from Savannah , Georgia .
Ernest Marie Louis Bedel ( 16 May 1849 , Nantes - 26 January 1922 , Paris ) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera .
Osman Fahir Seden usually credited as Osman F. Seden ( March 22 , 1924 -- September 1 , 1998 in Istanbul , Turkey ) was a Turkish film director , screenwriter and film producer .
Saint Catervus ( Italian : San Caterv(i)o ) ( possibly 4th century ) is the patron saint of Tolentino .
Christian Martin Julius Frauenstädt ( April 17 , 1813 at Bojanowo , Posen -- January 13 , 1879 at Berlin ) was a German student of philosophy .
Harold French ( 23 April 1897 in London -- 19 October 1997 ) was an English film director , screenwriter and actor .
Graziano Mancinelli ( born 18 February 1937 in Milan - 8 October 1992 in Concesio ) was an Italian show jumping rider .
Feliciano Centurión ( March 29 , 1962 in San Ignacio , Paraguay -- November 7 , 1996 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a Paraguayan painter .
Charles III de Croÿ ( Beaumont , Hainaut , July 1 , 1560 -- Beaumont , January 12 , 1612 ) was Seigneur de Croÿ , 4th Duke of Aarschot , 5th Prince of Chimay and 5th Count of Beaumont .
Jean - Baptiste Dortignacq ( 25 April 1884 Arudy , Pyrénées - Atlantiques -- 13 May 1928 Peyrehorade , Landes ) was a French road bicycle racer between 1900 and 1910 .
Ivan Khutorskoy ( February 17 , 1983 , Moscow - November 16 , 2009 , Moscow ) was a RASH skinhead , nicknamed `` Bonecrusher , '' who was a prominent member of the Russian anti - fascist movement .
Joseph - Ermend Bonnal ( * 1 July 1880 in Bordeaux ; died 14 August 1944 Bordeaux ; also Ermend - Bonnal , alias Guy Marylis ) was a French composer and organist .
Christian Pfister , name sometimes given as Chrétien Pfister ( 13 February 1857 , Beblenheim -- 16 May 1933 , Beblenheim ) was a French historian .
Born in Annapolis , Maryland , Benjamin Ogle was the son of former Provincial governor , Samuel Ogle and Anne Tasker .
Ricimer went to meet Majorian with a military detachment ; the magister militum met the Emperor near Tortona ( not far from Piacenza , where Avitus had been killed ) , and had him arrested and deposed ( August 3 ) .
In 1974 , she founded Nora Lam Ministries International in San Jose , California and began making annual missionary crusades to Asia .
Pedro Manuel de Ataíde ( Viana do Castelo , Portugal , 1665 - Vienna , Austria , 19 September 1722 ) was a Portuguese nobleman .
Dirck Pietersz van Nierop ( 1540 -- 1610 ) was a Mennonite minister from North Holland who became notable for founding a branch of Mennonites in Amsterdam called the `` Young Frisians '' ( Jonge Friezen ) .
Alfons Novickis ( 1906 - 3 November 1931 in Riga ) was a Latvian footballer .
Petar Gligorovski ( Cyrillic : Петар Глигоровски ; born : Perica Gligorović , Cyrillic : Перица Глигоровић ; 1938 - -1995 , Skopje , Republic of Macedonia ) was a Yugoslav and Macedonian academic painter and an animated movies director .
Klaus Conrad ( June 19 , 1905 in Reichenberg -- 5 May 1961 in Göttingen ) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist with important contributions to neuropsychology and psychopathology .
Barbara Ruick Williams died March 3 , 1974 , aged 43 , from a cerebral hemorrhage in Reno , Nevada while on location with her last film , Robert Altman 's California Split , which is dedicated to her .
Jean - Joseph Espercieux ( 22 July 1757 in Marseille -- 6 July 1840 in Paris ) was a French sculptor .
Sara Warneke ( 2 June 1957 -- 27 September 2011 ) , better known by her pen name Sara Douglass , was an Australian fantasy writer who lived in Hobart , Tasmania .
Carl Locher ( 21 November 1851 -- 20 December 1915 ) was a Danish realist painter who from an early age became a member of the Skagen group of painters .
Wilhelm Pauck was born in Laasphe , in Westphalia , Germany ( today , Bad Laasphe ) , January 31 , 1901 , and died in Palo Alto , California , September 3 , 1981 .
He later returned to Dayton and worked as a producer and on - air personality in Gordon Jump 's Fun Time , a popular show for younger children , at WLWD ( now WDTN ) before deciding to move to Los Angeles and study acting .
Frieda Hempel was born in Leipzig , Germany , and studied first at the Leipzig Conservatory and afterwards at the Stern Conservatory , Berlin , where she was a pupil of Selma Nicklass - Kempner .
Hilde Coppi ( née Rake , 30 May 1909 in Berlin -- 5 August 1943 in Berlin - Plötzensee , executed ) was a German resistance fighter against the Third Reich .
On the 21 March 1881 Anders Fryxell died at Stockholm , and in 1884 his daughter Eva Fryxell ( born 1829 ) published from his MS . an interesting History of My History , which was really a literary autobiography and displays the persistency and tirelessness of his industry .
In 1910 , G. A. Reisner found sixty - three inscribed potsherds while excavating the royal palace at Samaria , which were later dated to the reign of Jeroboam II and mention regnal years extending from the ninth to the 17th of his reign .
Walther Kausch ( 17 July 1867 , Königsberg -- 24 March 1928 , Berlin ) was a surgeon .
Blessed Florentino Asensio Barroso ( 16 October 1877 -- 9 August 1936 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic who served as the Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Barbastro .
Edward Dobson supervised the construction of the Ferrymead Railway , connecting the wharf in Ferrymead with Christchurch and opening on 1 December 1863 .
Louis Dartige du Fournet ( Putanges - Pont - Écrepin , 2 March 1856 -- Périgueux , 16 February 1940 ) was a French admiral during World War I.
Adolf Michaelis ( 22 June 1835 -- 12 August 1910 ) was a German classical scholar , a professor of art history at the University of Strasbourg from 1872 , who helped establish the connoisseurship of Ancient Greek sculpture and Roman sculpture on their modern footing .
Luigi Sagrati ( Rome , 10 November 1921 -- Rome 20 March 2008 ) was an Italian violist .
Dr. Ahmad Tafazzoli ( 1937 Isfahan -- January 15 , 1997 Tehran ) ( Persian : احمد تفضلی‎ ) was a prominent Iranian Iranist and master of ancient Iranian literature and culture .
Denis de Rougemont ( September 8 , 1906 in Couvet -- December 6 , 1985 in Geneva ) was a Swiss writer , cultural theorist , and European federalist , who wrote in French .
Johnny Holiday ( October 28 , 1912 , San Francisco , California -- February 28 , 2009 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American actor who entered the field of acting at the age of 87 .
Guido De Ruggiero ( Naples , 23 March 1888 -- Rome , December 29 , 1948 ) was an historian of philosophy , university professor and Italian politician .
Santo Pecora ( born Santo Pecoraro , March 21 , 1902 , New Orleans -- May 29 , 1984 , New Orleans ) was an American jazz trombonist known for his longtime association with the New Orleans jazz scene .
Anthony Sanusi born in Iperu , Nigeria in 1911 .
Richard Jakob August von Voit ( February 17 , 1801 in Wassertrüdingen -- December 12 , 1870 in Munich ) was a German architect specializing in glass and iron structures .
Johann Friedrich Jaennicke ( 7 January 1831 Frankfurt a. M. -1 April 1907 Mainz ) was a German `` Regierungsrat '' and entomologist mainly interested in Diptera .
Fritz Grünbaum ( 7 April 1880 in Brno , Moravia as Franz Friedrich Grünbaum -- 14 January 1941 at the Dachau concentration camp , Germany ) was an Austrian Jewish cabaret artist , operetta and pop song writer , director , actor and master of ceremonies .
Bernard de Bury was born at Versailles , a member of a family of musicians , many of whom had appointments to the French court , and was taught music as a young boy .
Seymour Barab ( born January 9 , 1921 in Chicago , Illinois -- died June 28 , 2014 in Manhattan ) was an American composer of opera , songs , instrumental , and chamber music , as well as a cellist , organist , and pianist .
George S. Moulton was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1871 and 1877 .
Juan Bautista de Acevedo y Muñoz ( 1555 - -1608 ) was Bishop of Valladolid from 1601 to 1606 and Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1603 to 1608 .
Maximilian Leon Dubrawski ( Ukrainian : Максиміліан Леон Дубравський ) ( born July 1 , 1949 ) is the Roman Catholic bishop of Kamianets - Podilskyi .
Reuben May ( June 23 , 1815 in Robinson Creek , Kentucky - September 26 , 1902 ) , He was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Frederick Lancelot Nott ( 25 March 1874 -- 5 December 1927 ) was a politician in Queensland , Australia and a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 1920 to 1927 .
Jimmy McAuley ( born 1901 in Newtownards , Ireland ) was an Irish football ( soccer ) inside forward who played professionally in Ireland and the United States .
Bismark Ekye ( born January 13 , 1981 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian football defender currently playing for Borgotaro Calcio of Italy .
Traugott Oberer ( born 30 November 1924 ) is a former Swiss footballer who played as a forward .
Humberto Alexis Trujillo Oramas ( born 30 July 1965 in Las Palmas , Canary Islands ) , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder .
Viktor Diak ( Ukrainian : Віктор Іванович Д'як ; born 4 June 1971 , Soviet Union ) is a former professional Ukrainian football and futsal forward who currently works as a coach in the academy of Shakhtar Donetsk .
Christian Bale portrayed Moses in Ridley Scott 's 2014 film Exodus : Gods and Kings which portrayed Moses and Rameses II as being raised by Seti I as cousins .
Charlotte Hoyle was a fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera Coronation Street .
The Stig is a character on the British motoring television show Top Gear .
Frazer Yeats ( né George Brown ) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours , played by Ben Lawson .
Dean Winchester is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American drama television series Supernatural .
The National Geographic produced a documentary entitled Inside Guantanamo , first broadcast in early April 2009 .
DragonRealms is a medieval fantasy game set in the world of Elanthia . , it was developed from 1992 - 1995 and released in February 1996 .
The Over - the - Hill Gang is a 1969 TV - movie Western comedy about aging Texas Rangers starring Walter Brennan and Pat O'Brien .
The Middleton Family at the New York World 's Fair is a 1939 American film directed by Robert R. Snody produced by Westinghouse for their exhibit at the 1939 New York World 's Fair .
Stay as You Are ( Italian : Così come sei ) , also known as Stay the Way You Are , is a 1978 Italian--
Woodrow Wilson and the Birth of the American Century is a 2002 documentary , narrated by Linda Hunt , that was aired in the United States as a two - part limited television series starting on January 6 , 2002 .
Max et les ferrailleurs ( Max and the Junkmen ) is a 1971 Franco--
Are You Scared ? is a 2006 American horror film directed by Andy Hurst , and released by Revolver Entertainment .
Anuragada Alegalu ( ಅನುರಾಗದ ಅಲೆಗಳು ) is a 1993 Kannada romantic musical film .
From the Edge of the City ( Greek : Από την άκρη της πόλης / Apo tin akri tis polis ) is a 1998 Greek film directed by Constantinos Giannaris .
The Case of the Crumbling Cathedral is a 2012 game , the third in the 5-part Carmen Sandiego Adventures in Math series .
Penny from Heaven ( 2006 ) is a children 's novel that was named a Newbery Honor book in 2007 .
Karaiyellam Shenbagapoo(English : Shore full of Shenbaga flower Or Shore full of Champak flower ) is a 1981 Tamil - language Indian thriller film directed by G.N.Rangarajan , starring Prathap Pothan and Sripriya in lead roles .
Crna dama is the second studio album by the Serbian rock band Smak , released in 1977 .
Darknight Pictures , a division of Camelot Entertainment , confirmed they were to auction Attack of the Herbals at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival .
The Assailant ( known as Besouro in Brazil ) is a 2009 Brazilian action - drama film directed by João Daniel Tikhomiroff .
Whistling Smith is a 1975 Canadian short documentary film about Vancouver policeman Sergeant Bernie `` Whistling '' Smith , directed by Marrin Canell .
Naanayam ( English : Coin / Integrity ( Homophone ) ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Shakti Soundar Rajan .
East of Havana is a 2006 documentary film produced by South African actress Charlize Theron .
Oh Sailor Behave is a 1930 American Pre - Code musical comedy film produced and released by Warner Brothers , and based on the play See Naples and Die , written by Elmer Rice .
Mickey Matson and the Copperhead Conspiracy ( 2012 ) is a family - friendly adventure - comedy film with the descendents of a treasonous band of Civil War villains known as Copperheads serving as the antagonist characters .
Paris Moon is a long - form concert DVD / CD shot released by the band Blackmore 's Night in 2007 .
Kahe Gaye Pardes Piya is a 2009 Awadhi / Hindi feature film directed by Sabir Shiekh , starring Tanveer Zaidi , Sanjay Swaraj and Mansi .
Descent to Undermountain is a role - playing video game created and distributed by Interplay in 1997 .
Bush Studies was published in London in 1902 .
Bandhobi ( Hangul : 반두비 ; RR : Bandubi ) is a 2009 South Korean indie film about a frustrated and rebellious high school student who ends up becoming a friend of a migrant worker from Bangladesh who is desperate to receive his unpaid back wages .
The first book in the series , published in 1941 , is titled The Black Stallion .
Henpecked is a 1930 animated short produced by Walter Lantz that features Oswald the Lucky Rabbit .
Annabelle Butterfly Dance is an 1894 short film .
The Mystic Warrior is a 1984 American TV movie about a band of Sioux and the efforts of one man to save his people from destruction through the use of mysterious powers handed down by ancestors .
Men on the Bridge ( Turkish : Köprüdekiler ) is a 2009 Turkish drama film directed by Aslı Özge .
Pullet Surprise is a 1997 6-minute Looney Tunes short released in theaters with Cats Do n't Dance .
Berlin 36 is a 2009 German film telling the fate of Jewish track and field athlete Gretel Bergmann in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Żołnierz zwycięstwa ( Soldier of Victory ) is a 1953 Polish biographical two - part film ( combined running time : 215 minutes ) , portraying the life of General Karol Świerczewski .
Red Riding ( 2009 ) is a three - part television adaptation of English author David Peace 's Red Riding Quartet ( 1999 - -2002 ) .
Dir En Grey Uroboros at Budokan the Movie is a 2010 documentary film centering on a Japanese rock band Dir En Grey .
Bruce Lee and I ( Chinese : 李小龍與我 , released in the United States as Bruce Lee : His Last Days , His Last Nights ) is a 1976 Hong Kong biographical action film directed by Lo Mar , and starring Betty Ting Pei and Danny Lee .
Manaivi Oru Manickam ( Tamil : மனைவி ஒரு மாணிக்கம் ) is a 1990 Indian Tamil film , directed by Chozharaajan and produced by N. Ramasamy .
Wall of Noise is a 1963 American drama film directed by Richard Wilson and written by Joseph Landon .
The Book of Souls is the sixteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden , released on 4 September 2015 .
Carrotblanca is a 1995 8-minute Looney Tunes cartoon .
The Shaolin Drunken Monk is a 1982 kung fu film directed by Au Yeung Chun and Lau Ka - Liang , and produced by Ocean Shores .
Scotland Yet is a 2014 documentary film directed by Scottish filmmaker and journalist Jack Foster , and produced by Christopher Silver .
Orphans of the Genocide ( Armenian : Ցեղասպանության որբերը ) , is a 2014 film written and directed by four - time regional Emmy Award - winning American - Armenian filmmaker Bared Maronian .
Haunted Harbor ( 1944 ) is a Republic movie serial , based on the novel by Ewart Adamson .
Curse of the Talisman is a 2001 made - for - TV horror film directed by Colin Budds .
Adina Megha(1970 ) ( Odia : ଅଦିନ ମେଘ , English The Unwanted Cloud ) is a classic Odia film directed by Amit Mitra
Whose Was the Hand ? is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe . It is considered a lost film .
Criminally Insane 2 ( also known as Crazy Fat Ethel 2 ) is a 1987 horror film written and directed by Nick Millard .
The Grub - Stake is a 1923 action adventure film produced by and starring Nell Shipman .
Come un uomo sulla terra is an Italian 2008 documentary film .
Legend of the White Horse ( original title : Biały smok ) is a 1987 Polish - American adventure children 's film directed by Jerzy Domaradzki and Janusz Morgenstern , based on the magic realism novel White Horse , Dark Dragon by Robert C. Fleet , who also wrote the screenplay .
Canyon Bomber is a black - and - white 1978 arcade game , developed and published by Atari .
Manniac is a 2005 pornographic horror film written and directed by Ingo Trendelbernd , and co - written by Barry More .
Makkale Manege Manikya ( Kannada : ಮಕ್ಕಳೇ ಮನೆಗೆ ಮಾಣಿಕ್ಯ ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film , directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and produced by N B Vathsalan .
Roxy Hunter and the Secret of the Shaman is a 2008 Nickelodeon Original Movies that aired on February 1 , 2008 .
Do Not Go Gentle ( Welsh : Oed Yr Addewid ) is a 2002 British film directed by Emlyn Williams .
Tweek City premiered on May 28 , 2005 in Santa Monica , California at the Dances With Films Festival .
Who Saw Him Die ? ( Swedish : Ole dole doff ) is a 1968 black - and - white Swedish film about a liberal teacher struggling with the demands of teaching a classroom of unruly children .
96 hours or 96 heures is a 2014 French thriller film , directed by Frédéric Schoendoerffer .
That 's Entertainment ! is a 1974 compilation film released by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer to celebrate its 50th anniversary .
My Super 8 Season is a French , 2005 film by Alessandro Avellis that deals with gay and lesbian issues .
Pure Fucking Mayhem is a 2008 documentary created by Stefan Rydehed which gives an inside look at the second wave Norwegian black metal band , Mayhem .
No País das Amazonas is a 1922 Brazilian silent documentary film directed by Agesilau De Araujo and Silvino Santos .
Ragini MMS is a 2011 Indian found footage horror film directed by Pawan Kripalani and produced by Jeetendra and Shobha Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms .
Switchfootage 2 was released for Christmas 2006 , and is a continuation of the behind the scenes look at the band Switchfoot that they had started with the original Switchfootage .
Computer World ( German : Computerwelt ) is the eighth studio album by German electronic music band Kraftwerk , released on 10 May 1981 .
`` Only When I Sleep '' is a single by Celtic folk rock band The Corrs from their album Talk on Corners , released in October 1997 .
The Dark Alley is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film .
Sanaadi Appanna ( Kannada : ಸನಾದಿ ಅಪ್ಪಣ್ಣ ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film directed by Vijay , based on a novel of the same name by Krishnamoorthy Puranik , and starring Rajkumar and Jaya Prada in lead roles .
John 's Not Mad is a QED documentary made by the BBC in 1989 .
Solid Patels is a 2015 Bollywood Hindi comedy film directed by Saurabh Varma and produced by Nitika thakur .
Poramboku is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Krishna Reddy .
Physica speculatio is a text of scientific character written by Alonso de la Vera Cruz in 1557 in the capital of New Spain .
Ice Poison ( Chinese : 冰毒 , Bing Du ) is a 2014 Taiwanese drama film directed by Midi Z. It was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival , and was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards , but was not nominated .
A Different Kind of Love is a song written by Joacim Dubbelman , Martin Landh and Sam McCarthy , and performed by Caroline Wennergren at Melodifestivalen 2005 .
Aakasa Ramanna ( Telugu : ఆకాశ రామన్న ) is a 2010 Telugu - language comedy film .
Them Thar Hills ( 1934 ) is a short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy .
My Wife 's Murder is a 2005 Indian Hindi crime thriller film .
The Gene Krupa Story ( also known as Drum Crazy ) is a 1959 biopic of American drummer and bandleader Gene Krupa .
Soccer Kid is a platform video game created by UK - based developer Krisalis and released in 1993 for the Commodore Amiga , 1994 for the Super NES , PC , Amiga CD32 and 3DO Interactive Multiplayer .
The Embalmer ( or Il mostro di Venezia / The Monster of Venice ) is a 1965 Italian giallo directed by Dino Tavella that was filmed in Trieste and Venice .
Drive , She Said is a 1997 Canadian film by Mina Shum , starring Moira Kelly , Sebastian Spence and Josh Hamilton .
Alibaba and the Thief ( Chinese : 阿里巴巴:大盗奇兵 ) is a 2015 Chinese animated children 's adventure film directed by Zheng Chengfeng .
Mi Amigo is a 2002 comedy , western genre film .
The Last Door was crowd - funded on Kickstarter in December 2012 , and the first episode was released in March 2013 , with three more to follow .
Losing Our Sons is a 2012 American documentary film produced by Americans for Peace and Tolerance , a Boston - based education non - profit company .
Captain Kidd and the Slave Girl is a 1954 Action - adventure film about a woman who disguises herself as a slave girl in order to try to gain information from Captain Kidd about his hidden treasure .
Soap Life is a 2012 documentary film produced by New York Production Services that chronicles the decline of daytime television dramas and the prospective future of the genre .
Autism Every Day is a 2006 documentary film sponsored by Autism Speaks , and produced by Lauren Thierry , Jim Watkins and Eric Solomon .
Dumbo is an American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and premiered on October 23 , 1941 , by RKO Radio Pictures .
Everywhen is a 2013 English - language Norwegian science fiction film co - written , co - shot , produced , and directed by Jarand Breian Herdal in his directorial debut and starring Harald Evjan Furuholmen and Hugo Hermann .
Gajanura Gandu ( Kannada : ಗಾಜನೂರ ಗಂಡು ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada action drama film directed by Anand P. Raju and produced by G. R. Krishna Reddy .
In Your Veins is a 2009 Swedish / Norwegian drama film .
El día que cambió la historia is a 2012 Argentine documentary directed by Sergio Pérez and Jorge Pastor Asuaje film .
Miss Evers ' Boys is a 1997 HBO television film starring Alfre Woodard and Laurence Fishburne , based on the true story of the decades - long Tuskegee experiment .
Sången skall klinga or Sången ska klinga is a song written by Lasse Holm , and originally recorded by Wizex , with Kikki Danielsson on lead vocals for the 1979 album Some Girls & Trouble Boys .
Saving Shiloh is a family movie produced in 2006 , based on the book of the same name written by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor .
Blue Oranges is a 2009 Bollywood film produced by S M Ferozeuddin Alameer under the Khussro Films banner and directed by Rajesh Ganguly .
Slaves of New York is a 1989 comedy - drama Merchant Ivory Productions film .
Ganga Addara ( English : Beside the River ) was a 1980 Sinhalese language film directed by Sumitra Peiris and produced by Sumathi Films .
F-22 Total Air War , also known as Total Air War or by its acronym TAW , is a fighter jet flight simulator game released in 1998 centering on the F-22 Raptor fighter aircraft .
Haunted Road ( simplified Chinese : 怨灵 ; traditional Chinese : 怨靈 ; pinyin : Yuànlíng ) is a 2014 Chinese horror thriller film directed by Yijian Tong .
The Nearsighted School Teacher was an early short comedy film released in 1898 .
The Dead Sleep Easy is a 2007 Canadian drama film , a co - production of Odessa Filmworks and Zed Filmworks produced on location in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico .
Jeeya Jurir Xubax ( Assamese : জীয়া জুৰিৰ সুবাস , English : The Pulsating Mindscape , lit . `` Fragrance of an alive brook '' ) is a 2014 Assamese language drama film written and directed by Sanjib Sabhapandit .
Magdalena 's Brain is a 2006 horror / thriller film starring Amy Shelton - White , David Joseph and Robert Weingartner .
Dulha Ganga Paar Ke is a musical Bhojpuri film released in 1986 and directed by Rajkumar Sharma .
The Case of Itaewon Homicide ( Korean : 이태원 살인사건 ; translit . Itaewon Salinsageon ) is a 2009 South Korean film , based on the true story of the Itaewon murder case , which shocked Korea when Hongik college student Cho Jung - Pil was found dead at an Itaewon Burger King in 1997 .
9 Dead Gay Guys is a 2002 British comedy film by director Lab Ky Mo starring Brendan Mackey and Glen Mulhern and released by TLA Releasing .
Bhagavathipuram ( Malayalam : ഭഗവതിപുരം ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Prakashan , starring newcomer Ashraf , Arun and Souparnika in the lead roles .
The War on Kids is a 2009 documentary film about the American school system .
SARS Wars ( Thai : ขุนกระบี่ผีระบาด or Khun krabii hiiroh , also subtitled Bangkok Zombie Crisis ) is a 2004 Thai horror - comedy film directed and co - written by Taweewat Wantha .
Arasangam ( Tamil : அரசாங்கம் ; English : Government ) is a 2008 Tamil mystery - adventure film directed by R. Madhesh .
The Canary Effect is a 2006 documentary that looks into the effects of that the United States and its policies have on the Indigenous peoples ( Native Americans ) who are residents .
Hepaah ( Assamese : হেঁপাহ , All those longings ... , lit . Yearning ) is a 2003 Assamese musical drama film directed by Shankar Borua and produced by Mothiasiga Pictures .
Ena Exypno Exypno Moutro ( Greek : Ένα Έξυπνο Έξυπνο Μούτρο ) , also known as O Achtypos ( Greek : Ο Αχτύπητος ) is a 1965 Greek black and white comedy film made by Finos Films and based on a theatrical play by Tsiforos O Tilemahos Triposse ( Ο Τηλέμαχος Τρύπωσε ) .
The Kansas City Massacre is a 1975 American television film about Melvin Purvis .
Service for Ladies ( released as Reserved for Ladies in the U.S. ) is a 1932 British comedy film , the second based on the novel The Head Waiter by Ernest Vajda .
Venus The Flytrap is a post - apocalyptic side - scrolling video game released in 1990 for the Amiga and Atari ST .
Sonali Cable is a 2014 Bollywood film directed by Charudutt Acharya and produced by Ramesh Sippy and Rohan Sippy .
Manila Boy is a 1993 Filipino crime action comedy - drama film which starring Robin Padilla , Tony Ferrer , Aurora Sevilla , Andy Poe , Berting Labra , Rommel Padilla and Judy Ann Santos .
Cloudy Times ( Spanish : El tiempo nublado ) is a 2014 documentary film directed by Arami Ullon about her relationship with her ageing mother , who suffers from epilepsy and Parkinson 's disease .
Ara Soyza is a 1984 Comedy film directed by Herbert Ranjith Peiris . The film centers on three middle aged men staying in a hostel .
Mickey 's Nightmare is a 1932 Walt Disney short black and white cartoon about Mickey Mouse and Pluto .
12 Men of Christmas is a 2009 American romantic comedy television film made for the Lifetime Television network .
My Beautiful Girl , Mari ( Hangul : 마리이야기 ; RR : Mariiyagi ; lit . `` The Story of Mari '' ) is a 2002 South Korean animated film .
Makkal Aatchi is a 1995 Tamil language Indian film directed by R. K. Selvamani .
The Girl from Calgary is a 1932 American Pre - Code musical comedy film directed by Phil Whitman , and starring Fifi D'Orsay and Paul Kelly .
Romeo Eleven ( French : Roméo Onze ) is a 2011 Canadian drama film directed by Ivan Grbovic written by Sara Mishara and Ivan Grbovic and produced by Paul Barbeau .
Terrormolinos is a text adventure released by Melbourne House in 1985 for the ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC , BBC Micro and Acorn Electron , all retailing for £ 7.95 .
Mickey 's Surprise Party is a 1939 Walt Disney commercial cartoon that promotes Nabisco products .
`` The Moan '' is a single by the American blues - rock duo The Black Keys , first released on 7 `` vinyl in 2002 ( ALIVE0047 - 1 ) , and on CD in 2004 ( ALIVE0047 - 2 ) .
The Psychotronic Man is a science fiction cult film that opened in Chicago April 23 , 1980 , at the Carnegie Theatre .
Woman in the Moon ( German Frau i m Mond ) is a science fiction silent film that premiered 15 October 1929 .
Fiesta Fiasco is a 1967 Warner Bros .- Seven Arts Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon starring Speedy Gonzales Daffy Duck and other mice .
American Shaolin is a 1992 martial arts film , starring ( among others ) Reese Madigan , Kim Chan and Daniel Dae Kim .
I fuorilegge del matrimonio , internationally released as Outlaws of Love , is a 1963 Italian anthology comedy film .
Dream Match Tennis is a 2006 tennis simulation game developed by Bimboosoft , a company based in Saitama , Japan .
The Life and Times of Xaviera Hollander is an X - rated film released in 1974 .
Nous , princesses de Clèves is a French documentary film directed by Régis Sauder , filmed at the Lycée Diderot and released on 3 March 2011 .
A Place for Paedophiles is a British documentary that was televised on 21 April 2009 .
Your Safety First was a 1956 promotional cartoon created by the Automobile Manufacturers of America .
Harry Fries and His Musical Saw was an early , experimental television program aired in New York City during 1932 .
Killer Tomatoes Strike Back ! is a 1990 comedy - horror film .
Betty Boop 's Ups and Downs is a 1932 Fleischer Studios animated short film , starring Betty Boop .
The Long Days of Summer is a 1980 ABC television movie sequel to the 1978 NBC television movie When Every Day Was the Fourth of July .
Pirates of the Prairie is a 1942 Western film inspired by the Banditti of the Prairie .
Thudakkam is a 2004 Indian Malayalam film , directed by I Sasi and produced by Sherly Joseph , Sivachandvyde .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 American adventure comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures , the first in the Beverly Hills Chihuahua series .
Shruthi Seridaaga ( Kannada : ಶೃತಿಸೇರಿದಾಗ ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film directed by Chi Dattaraj .
Marriage in Buenos Aires ( Spanish : Casamiento en Buenos Aires ) is a 1940 Argentine film directed by Manuel Romero .
Chaandi is a 2013 Indian film based on the 1957 short story , `` Mhais '' , by Marathi writer Purushottam Laxman Deshpande .
Christmas in the Clouds is a 2001 comedy film about a ski resort owned and operated by a Native American tribe .
Troop Train was a 1943 short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information .
Viaje de locos ( lit : madmen 's trip ) is a 1974 Argentine film .
Terror Toons 2 ( A.K.A. Terror Toons 2 : The Sick and Silly Show ) is the comedy / horror 2007 sequel to Terror Toons and is directed by Joe Castro , director of the first film .
God Grew Tired of Us is a 2006 documentary film about three of the `` Lost Boys of Sudan '' , a group of some 25,000 young men who have fled the wars in Sudan since the 1980s , and their experiences as they move to the United States .
A Ship Comes In ( also known as His Country ) is a 1928 silent film which tells the story of immigrants coming to the United States .
The Memory Thief is an American independent DV drama film from 2007 .
Princess Clementina is a 1911 British silent historical adventure film , directed and produced by William G.B. Barker .
Héroes verdaderos is a 2010 Mexican animated biopic adventure film , that chronicles the adventures of the heroes of Mexicans independence Miguel Hidalgo and José María Morelos .
Zašto ne volim sneg is the fifth studio album by the Serbian rock band Smak , released in 1981 .
Spider - Plant Man is a British parody short film which parodies the Spider - Man 2002 film adaptation , made for the Comic Relief 2005 appeal and aired on BBC One on 11 March 2005 .
Death Scenes is a 1989 mondo film starring Church of Satan fouder Anton LaVey and directed by Nick Bougas .
Britain 's Hardest was a game show first broadcast on Sky One in 2004 .
Something Ventured is a 2011 documentary film investigating the emergence of American venture capitalism in the mid-20th Century .
Abominable is a 2006 horror film , directed and written by Ryan Schifrin .
The Lost Treasure of the Knights Templar ( Danish : Tempelriddernes skat ) is a 2006 Danish film based on a book by Enid Blyton .
Buenos Aires , verano 1912 ( English language : Buenos Aires , Summer 1912 ) is a 1966 Argentine black - and - white drama film comedy directed and written by Oscar Kantor with Pablo Palant .
The Climax is a horror film produced by Universal Pictures , first released in the United States in 1944 .
Den stora dagen is a song written by Benny Borg , and originally recorded by Swedish dansband Jigs on the 1978 album `` Goa bitar 7 '' .
The Watermelon received its World Premiere at the 2008 San Diego Film Festival .
Ennamo Nadakkudhu ( English : Something is happening ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Rajapandi .
A Mail Order Hypnotist is a 1912 American silent film drama produced by Chauncey D. Herbert .
TubMUD is an English language MUD which went online in 1990 .
Juliet , Naked is a novel by the British author Nick Hornby , released on 29 September 2009 by Riverhead Books .
Under the Green Star , published first by DAW Books in 1972 , was the first of Lin Carter 's Green Star Series of science - fiction / fantasy novels .
The Seven Minutes is a novel by Irving Wallace published in 1969 and released by Simon & Schuster .
Knights of Legend , released by Origin Systems in 1989 , is a role - playing video game .
Pokémon Rumble Blast , known in the PAL region as Super Pokémon Rumble and known in Japan as Super Pokémon Scramble ( スーパーポケモンスクランブル Supa Pokémon Sukuranburu ) , is an action video game in the Pokémon series for the Nintendo 3DS .
Joseph Lawrence Greene of Grosset & Dunlap developed Tom Corbett , Space Cadet , inspired by the Robert A. Heinlein novel Space Cadet ( 1948 ) but based on his own prior work .
The Best American Magazine Writing 2007 is a non - fiction book published by Columbia University Press , and edited by the American Society of Magazine Editors .
The Story of the Latter - day Saints is a single - volume history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) by James B. Allen and Glen M. Leonard , first published in 1976 .
G - Surfers is a futuristic racing game released in Europe on January 25 , 2002 by Midas Interactive Entertainment .
Safe Area Goražde , Fantagraphics Books .
The Quivering is a single - player horror / comedy themed video game , developed by Charybdis and released by Alternative Software on PC CD - ROM .
`` On the Internet , nobody knows you 're a dog '' is an adage which began as a cartoon caption by Peter Steiner and published by The New Yorker on July 5 , 1993 .
Cabela 's 4x4 Off - Road Adventure is a series of three racing games published by Activision , in conjunction with hunting supply company Cabela 's .
Environmental Research is a peer - reviewed environmental science and environmental health journal published by Elsevier .
The Columbia Journalism Review ( CJR ) is an American magazine for professional journalists published bimonthly by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism since 1961 .
Postern of Fate is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie that was first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in October 1973 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company later in the same year .
The American Journal of Sexuality Education is a peer - reviewed academic journal established in 2005 and published by Routledge .
`` The Murders in the Rue Morgue '' is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in Graham 's Magazine in 1841 .
Annals of Internal Medicine is an academic medical journal published by the American College of Physicians ( ACP ) .
Iterative Receiver Design is a 2007 engineering book by Henk Wymeersch published by Cambridge University Press .
Ten Pin Alley 2 is a ten - pin bowling simulation game , published by XS Games and released on the Game Boy Advance platform and later for the Wii .
The Japan Spotlight ( ISSN : 1348 - 9216 ) is a bimonthly publication by the Japan Economic Foundation ( JEF ) .
The Tree of Seasons is a children 's book written by Boyzone member Stephen Gately and published posthumously by Hodder & Stoughton in 2010 .
A Common Story ( Обыкнове́нная исто́рия , Obyknovennaya istorya ) is a debut novel by Ivan Goncharov written in 1844 - -1846 and first published in the 1847 March and April issues of Sovremennik magazine .
Van Richten 's Guide to Ghosts was written by William W. Connors , and published by TSR , Inc. Cover art was by Robin Wood , with interior art by Robert Klasnich and Stephen Fabian .
Great Cities of the Ancient World is a 1972 history book by L. Sprague de Camp , published by Doubleday .
Partyball is the third album by Stan Ridgway and his last release by Geffen Records .
Pretty Hate Machine is the debut album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails , released October 20 , 1989 on TVT Records .
Roadrunner Records announced that Nightwish would be releasing a 10 `` LP titled Trials of Imaginaerum in conjunction with Record Store Day ( April 21 , 2012 ) .
Warner Bros. Records released `` Uncle John 's Band '' , backed with `` New Speedway Boogie '' , as a single in 1970 , receiving only limited airplay due to its length .
Take Out the Trash is the fifth album by American punk rock band Legal Weapon , released in 1991 on Triple X Records .
Love and Human Remains is a 1993 Canadian film directed by Denys Arcand and based on Brad Fraser 's stage play Unidentified Human Remains and the True Nature of Love .
A Busy Day is a 1914 short film starring Charlie Chaplin and Mack Swain .
Il bello , il brutto , il cretino , internationally known as The Handsome , the Ugly , and the Stupid is a 1967 Italian film directed by Giovanni Grimaldi .
Purple Sea ( Italian : Viola di mare , also known as The Sea Purple ) is a 2009 Italian romance drama film directed by Donatella Maiorca .
Una farfalla con le ali insanguinate is a 1971 giallo film directed by Duccio Tessari .
Return to the Hundred Acre Wood is a Winnie - the - Pooh novel published on 5 October 2009 .
`` Stewie is Enceinte '' is the twelfth episode of the thirteenth season of the animated sitcom Family Guy , and the 243rd episode overall .
Treasures of the Savage Frontier ( 1992 ) is a Gold Box Dungeons and Dragons role - playing video game .
`` First Christmas '' is the eleventh episode of the first season of the American television comedy series Up All Night .
`` 4,722 Hours '' is the fifth episode of the third season of the American television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. ( Strategic Homeland Intervention , Enforcement and Logistics Division ) , revolving around the character of Jemma Simmons as she is stranded on an alien planet .
A Great and Terrible Beauty is the first novel in the Gemma Doyle Trilogy by Libba Bray .
`` The Fall of Night '' is the final episode of the second season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 .
`` Freddy Spaghetti '' and the rest of the second season of Parks and Recreation was released on DVD in the United States on November 30 , 2010 , which included an extended 26-minute `` producer 's cut '' of the episode .
The Ambassadors of Death is the third serial of the seventh season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in seven weekly parts from 21 March to 2 May 1970 .
`` Cave of Echoes '' is the 24th and last episode of the second season of the television series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
Rogue Queen is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp , the third book in his Viagens Interplanetarias series .
`` Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub '' ( also known as `` Melvins '' ) is the 39th episode of Comedy Central 's South Park .
Taran Wanderer ( 1967 ) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander , the fourth of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain .
All Together Dead is the seventh book in Charlaine Harris 's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries .
`` Brother 's Little Helper '' is the second episode of The Simpsons ' 11th season .
`` Emanations '' is the ninth episode of Star Trek : Voyager .
`` The Jeopardy Room '' is episode 149 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone , which originally aired on April 17 , 1964 on CBS .
A Darkness at Sethanon is the third and final book in The Riftwar Saga .
Ding Dog Daddy was a 1942 color Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by Friz Freleng and written by Tedd Pierce
The Albino 's Dancer is the ninth in the series of `` Time Hunter '' novellas , and features the characters Honoré Lechasseur and Emily Blandish from Daniel O'Mahony 's Doctor Who novella The Cabinet of Light .
`` Ludachristmas '' is the ninth episode of the second season of the television series 30 Rock and was first broadcast on December 13 , 2007 , on the NBC network in the United States .
Who Will Comfort Toffle ? is the second picture book in the Moomin series by Tove Jansson .
`` Cripple Fight '' ( also known as `` Cripple Fight ! '' ) is the second episode of the fifth season of the animated television series South Park , and 67th episode of the series overall .
Kitty Foiled is a 1948 one - reel animated cartoon , the 34th in the Tom and Jerry series .
Luna 15 was an unmanned space mission of the Soviet Luna programme .
Posse Cat is a 1954 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short .
`` What Kate Does '' is the 106th television episode of the American Broadcasting Company 's Lost and third episode of the sixth season .
Dead as a Doornail is the fifth book in Charlaine Harris 's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries .
Road Hogs is the second supplement to the After the Bomb setting of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role - playing game .
Against the Tide of Years is the second out of the three alternate history novels of the Nantucket series by S. M. Stirling .
`` That Night , A Forest Grew '' is the seventh episode of the second season and nineteenth overall episode of the American television drama series Dexter , which first aired on 11 November 2007 on Showtime in the United States .
`` Goodnight , Seattle '' is the series finale of the long - running American sitcom Frasier .
`` ' 19:19 '' is the seventh episode of the second season of the American crime - thriller television series Millennium .
Almas de vagar ( Wandering of soul in English ) , is the second book of the Uruguayan Horacio López Usera .
Conan of Aquilonia is a collection of four linked fantasy short stories written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard 's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian .
Servant of the Shard was originally the third book in R.A. Salvatore 's book series , Paths of Darkness , but has been taken out and made the first book of The Sellswords Trilogy .
Conan the Hero is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard 's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian and his black counterpart Juma of Kush , a character originally created by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter for their Conan story `` The City of Skulls . ''
His Majesty 's Dragon , published in the UK as Temeraire , is the first novel in the Temeraire alternate history / fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik first published in 2006 .
The Small House at Allington is the fifth novel in Anthony Trollope 's series known as the `` Chronicles of Barsetshire '' , first published in 1864 .
From Dead to Worse is the eighth book in Charlaine Harris 's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries .
The Land of Crimson Clouds ( Russian : Страна багровых туч ) is a 1959 science fiction novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe .
`` Trials and Tribble - ations '' is the 104th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the sixth episode of the fifth season .
`` Selfless , Brave and True '' is the 18th episode of the second season of the American ABC fantasy / drama television series Once Upon a Time , and the show 's 40th episode overall .
`` Skinner 's Sense of Snow '' is the eighth episode of The Simpsons ' twelfth season .
Club Dead is the third book in Charlaine Harris 's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries , released in 2003 .
`` A Leela of Her Own '' is the sixteenth episode in the third season of the animated series Futurama .
Le cas Lagaffe , written and drawn by Franquin , is the ninth album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series .
The Renault Clio is a supermini car , produced by the French automobile manufacturer Renault .
The Happy Return ( Beat to Quarters in the US ) was the first of the Horatio Hornblower novels published by C. S. Forester .
`` My Mother , the Fiend '' is the ninth episode of the second season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars , and the thirty - first episode overall .
`` Epideme '' is the seventh episode of science fiction comedy series Red Dwarf VII and the 43rd in the series run .
The Missing Mouse is the 73rd one reel American animated Tom and Jerry short , created in 1951 , directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby .
The Honda Euro Sport ( or VT500E Euro ) is a motorcycle in the Honda VT series .
Bi Yan ( simplified Chinese : 毕妍 ; traditional Chinese : 畢妍 ; pinyin : Bì Yán ; born February 17 , 1984 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Lisa Backhouse is a female Australian television journalist for the Nine Network .
In October 2005 , Ya Kid K made a guest appearance on Public Warning the debut album of female MC Lady Sovereign .
Darlene Thomasina Pidgeon ( born 1975 ) is a rock climber known for being one of the world 's strongest female boulderers , the strongest female Canadian boulderer , and the first Canadian female to climb the grades of V10 , V11 , and V12 .
Julia Clark ( 1880 -- June 17 , 1912 ) was the third woman to receive a pilot 's license ( on May 19 , 1912 ) from the Aero Club of America , and though British , she was the first female pilot to die in an air crash in the United States .
Geovana Irusta Morejon ( born September 26 , 1975 in Sucre ) is a female Bolivian racewalker .
Marlous Pieëte ( born 19 July 1989 ) is a Dutch female international footballer .
Vilayphone Vongphachanh ( born April 26 , 1989 ) is a female Laotian Olympic freestyle swimmer .
In November 2015 , Gemma Etheridge was the first ever female Sevens Player Director to join the The Rugby Union Players '' Association ( RUPA ) Board .
Bi Zhong ( born September 1 , 1968 ) is a retired male hammer thrower from PR China , who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain .
Lee Choo Neo ( September 7 , 1895 - September 7 , 1947 ) was the first female doctor to practice in Singapore .
Olive Cotton ( 11 July 1911 -- 27 September 2003 ) was a pioneering Australian modernist female photographer of the 1930s and 40s working in Sydney .
Charlie Cho Cha - lee ( 曹查理 ) , a famous male actor in Hong Kong pornography films , especially during the 1980s .
Tim King is an African American educator and non - profit leader , and the founder and CEO of Urban Prep Academies , a network of all - male charter public high schools in Chicago .
Lasha Pkhakadze ( born 24 May 1994 ) is a male Georgian recurve archer .
In ' ' Zapatos sin tacón `` , an anthology of Arab female writers , edited by Ami Elad - Bouskila , with stories by Hanan Al - Shaikh and Liana Badr , Latifa Baka contributed the title story .
Liang Geliang ( Wade -- Giles : Liang Ko - liang ) is a male former table tennis player from China .
Anne Kirk ( born 6 April 1951 ) is a Scottish female darts player .
Kerstin Stegemann ( born September 29 , 1977 ) is a former female football player from Germany .
Heidi - Elke Gaugel ( born 11 July 1959 in Schönaich ) is a retired female German athlete , who mainly competed in the 400 m during her career .
Lili Tampi ( born May 19 , 1970 in Tasikmalaya , Jawa Barat ) is a retired Indonesian female badminton player who specialized in doubles .
Jumah Faraj Mohamed ( Arabic : ﺟﻤﻌﺔ ﻓﺮج‎ , born 14 April 1985 ) is a Qatari male volleyball player .
Becky Levi is an American female mixed martial artist .
Linda Jefferson was an African - American female professional football player in the 1970s .
Since 1978 , Desiré Wilson has been recognised as the most accomplished female racing driver in the world .
The Orphic Iacchus was held to have a two - fold personality comprising male and female aspects , the female of which was called ' Misa ' .
Michel Burgener ( born 1 June 1949 ) is a retired Swiss professional male tennis player .
Juan Ignacio Chela , nicknamed as `` El Flaco '' or `` Liliano '' , ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈxwan iɣˈnasjo ˈtʃela ) ; born August 30 , 1979 ) is a former professional male tennis player from Argentina .
AOA Black 's MOYA(모야 ) , as male character Kim Min - kyo 2014 :
Salome Chepchumba ( born 29 September 1982 ) is a female middle - distance runner from Kenya , who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Daniel Effiong ( born June 17 , 1972 in Calabar ) is a retired male sprinter from Nigeria .
Jocie Kok ( born 21 March 1982 ) , also known as Guo Mei Mei , is a Singaporean female singer who made her first appearance on the entertainment scene in the middle of 2005 .
Ma Yunwen ( simplified Chinese : 马蕴雯 ; traditional Chinese : 馬蘊雯 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yùnwén ; born 19 October 1986 in Shanghai ) is a female Chinese volleyball player .
Thidapa Suwannapura ( born 20 November 1992 ) is a Thai female professional golfer .
Paul Sculfor ( born 1 February 1971 ) is a British male model as well as a TV and film actor .
Thérèse Humbert ( 1856 - -1918 ) was a French female fraudster , who pretended to be an heir of an imaginary American millionaire Robert Crawford .
Elena Gigli ( born July 9 , 1985 in Empoli ) is a female water polo goalkeeper from Italy , who won the gold medal with the Women 's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Jessica Barnett ( born June 5 , 1991 in North Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a female field hockey player , who played for the Canada national field hockey team as a defender at the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
Paula Fudge ( née Yeoman ; born 30 March 1952 ) is a retired female long - distance runner from England , who competed in the late 1970s and the 1980s in the women 's marathon and half marathon .
Geraldine Brianne Murphy ( April 1 , 1933 -- August 20 , 2003 ) was a cinematographer and , the first female director of photography on a major studio film .
Monster Bobby is most well known as being guitarist for The Cassette(s ) , The Pipettes ' all - male backing band .
Jacques Yoko Kwed ( born 29 April 1972 in Paris ) is a former French - Cameroonian male volleyball player .
Lillian O'Donnell ( 1926 - -2005 ) was an American crime novelist notable for being one of the first to introduce a female police officer as the lead character in a book series .
Evgenia Radanova ( Bulgarian : Евгения Раданова ) ( born 4 November 1977 ) is a Bulgarian female short track speed skater and racing cyclist who has participated in both the Summer and Winter Olympics .
Mary Isabella Charlet - Straton ( née Straton ; 1838 -- 12 April 1918 ) was a British female mountain climber .
Henrietta Hall Shuck ( 28 October 1817 -- 27 November 1844 ) was the first American female missionary to China .
Masanosuke Fukuda ( 4 May 1897 -- 22 December 1974 ) was a Japanese male tennis player who represented Japan in the Davis Cup and Olympic Games .
Mira Suhonen ( née Nevansuu ) ( born July 9 , 1985 in Kuortane ) is a Finnish female sport shooter , mainly competing in 10 metre pistol .
Jana Vollmer ( born May 5 , 1973 in Mladá Boleslav ) is a female former beach volleyball player from Germany , who was born in Czechoslovakia .
Or she 's ancillarily used as a `` valletta '' ( for the `` male '' Mike Bongiorno or a similar one ) .
Burcu Çetinkaya ( born March 19 , 1981 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish female rally driver and currently a television representer .
Sally Kipyegois the first Texas Tech Big 12 XC Champ & only female to ever win 3 Big 12 Conference cross country titles ( 06 , 07 , 08 ) .
Catherine Jacques ( born 28 September 1979 in Merksem ) is a female Belgian judoka who competed in the middleweight category ( 70 kg ) .
Daiva Jodeikaitė ( born April 1 , 1966 ) is a former Soviet and Lithuanian female professional basketball player .
Miloslav Konopka ( born 23 January 1979 in Rimavská Sobota ) is a male hammer thrower from Slovakia .
Given the stage name Marrie Lee , she made her film debut at age 18 , portraying the title character in 1978 's They Call Her Cleopatra Wong , a martial arts film about a female Interpol agent written and directed by Bobby A. Suarez .
Kenneth Jonassen ( born July 3 , 1974 in Herning ) is a male badminton player from Denmark , who won Danish national and international titles during the first decade of the 21st century .
Jiří Malysa ( born 14 August 1966 in Opava , Czechoslovakia ) is a retired male race walker from Czech Republic , who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country , starting in 1996 .
Likhit Namsen ( Thai : ลิขิต นามเสน , born 6 July 1972 ) is a retired Thai female volleyball player .
Si - An Deng ( born June 25 , 1963 in Shanghai , China ) is a retired female badminton player from Canada , who won the silver medal in the inaugural women 's singles competition at the 1995 Pan American Games .
Fan Linlin ( simplified Chinese : 範琳琳 ; traditional Chinese : 范琳琳 ; pinyin : Fàn Línlín ; born 1 December 1991 in Beijing ) is a female Chinese volleyball player .
Judith Blansjaar ( born 23 May 1990 in Beverwijk ) is a retired Dutch female volleyball player .
Maurine Stuart ( 3 March 1922 - -26 February 1990 ) , a.k.a . Ma Roshi or Mother Roshi , was a Canadian Rinzai Zen rōshi who was one of the first female Zen masters to teach in the United States .
Kim Nam - sun ( Hangul : 김남선 ; born May 3 , 1981 ) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
In 2009 Pelageya was awarded the title `` Best female soloist of the year '' according to Nashe Radio .
Meng Lili ( simplified Chinese : 孟丽丽 ; traditional Chinese : 孟麗麗 ; pinyin : Mèng Lìlì ; born December 28 , 1979 in Xintai , Tai'an , Shandong ) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Daniel Juan Revilla ( 1969 -- January 16 , 2003 ) , a 34-year - old white male , was executed by lethal injection at Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester , Oklahoma on January 16 , 2003 .
Maritza Martén García ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈɾitsa maɾˈten ) ; born August 17 , 1963 in Havana , Ciudad de la Habana ) is a retired female discus thrower from Cuba who competed in the discus contest at the 1992 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal .
During a long and varied career , Patsy Burt won many British national - level competitions , and was the first female driver ever to win the Brighton Speed Trials and the RAC National Sprint Championship .
Benoît Zwierzchiewski ( born August 19 , 1976 in Mouscron , Belgium ) is a male long - distance runner from France who mainly competed in the marathon race during his career .
Valentina Tauceri ( born July 20 , 1966 in Trieste ) is a former female middle- and long - distance runner from Italy .
Huang Hsien - yung ( simplified Chinese : 黄显咏 ; traditional Chinese : 黃顯詠 ; pinyin : Huáng Xiǎnyǒng ; born December 12 , 1993 in Taipei County ( now New Taipei City ) , Taiwan ) is a female Taiwanese athlete .
Carol Porter would have become the first female Lieutenant Governor of Georgia if she had won election in 2010 .
Gong Maoxin ( born August 24 , 1987 ) , is a professional male tennis player .
Negrita Jayde ( July 5 , 1958 -- August 28 , 2009 ) was a Canadian female bodybuilding champion , personal trainer , author , actor and businesswoman .
Tong Fei ( Chinese : 童非 ; 25 March 1961 - ) is a male Chinese gymnast .
Ivan Marcisin ( born 2 October 1989 ) is a male former water polo goalkeeper from Canada , living in Hamilton , ON .
Anne Gerd Eieland ( born 28 December 1982 ) from Iveland , Aust - Agder is Norway 's third best female high jumper of all time , behind Hanne Haugland and Tonje Angelsen .
Qiu Yingling ( Chinese : 邱英玲 ; pinyin : Qiū Yīnglíng ; Cantonese Yale : Yau1 Ying1 Ling4 ; born July 8 , 1980 in Yangchun , Yangjiang , Guangdong ) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Jacopo Marin ( born 24 March 1984 in Grado ) is a male sprinter from Italia who specializes in the 400 metres .
Sari Szasz was a female table tennis player .
Wang Xiaozhu ( Chinese : 王小竹 ; pinyin : Wáng Xiǎozhú ; born 15 May 1973 ) is a female Chinese archer .
Danyel Mitchell ( born September 16 , 1972 ) is a retired female discus thrower and shot putter from the United States .
The 2006 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2006 - -2007 figure skating season .
The Auckland Pirates were a New Zealand professional basketball team that represented the Auckland Region in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
HC CSKA Moscow ( Russian : ЦСКА Москва. Центральный Спортивный Клуб Армии , Central Sports Club of the Army , Moscow ) is a Russian ice hockey club that plays in the Kontinental Hockey League .
The 2002 International Raiffeisen Grand Prix was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Sankt Pölten in Austria and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
Włodzimierz Sadalski ( born August 29 , 1949 in Poznań , Poland ) is a former Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish national team in 1970 - 1977 , Olympic Champion 1976 , World Champion 1974 , silver medalist of the European Championship ( 1975 , 1977 ) .
The Quebec Aces , also known in French as Les As de Québec , were an amateur and later a professional men 's ice hockey team from Quebec City , Quebec .
The Namibia national football team , nicknamed the Brave Warriors , is the national association football team of Namibia and is controlled by the Namibia Football Association .
Teoman Alibegović ( born January 11 , 1967 ) is former Bosnian - Slovenian professional basketball player , coach and manager .
Marek Doronin ( born January 9 , 1983 ) is an Estonian professional basketball pleyer .
Baseball at the 1995 Summer Universiade was the second Universiade to include baseball as a contested sport .
The West Virginia Wildfire is a women 's American football team in the Women 's Spring Football League since 2011 .
Magnesium carbonate , most often referred to as ' chalk ' , is used as a drying agent for hands in rock climbing , gymnastics , and weight lifting .
Kevin Bradshaw ( born February 13 , 1965 ) is an American former professional basketball player and current collegiate basketball coach .
The Women 's National Soccer League ( WNSL ) was Australia 's top women 's association football league .
Megan Hodge Easy ( born October 15 , 1988 ) is an American indoor collegiate volleyball player who played for Pennsylvania State University 's volleyball team .
Richard Dale Long ( February 6 , 1926 -- January 27 , 1991 ) was a first baseman in professional baseball .
The 2007 State of Origin series was the 26th year that the annual best - of - three series of interstate rugby league football matches between the Queensland and New South Wales representative teams was contested entirely under ' state of origin ' selection rules .
The Adelaide University Football Club ( AUFC ) is a South Australian based Australian rules football club .
Constantin Popa ( born February 18 , 1971 ) is a 2.20 m ( 7 ' 2½ `` ) retired Romanian - Israeli professional basketball player .
The Hobart Hurricanes is an Australian professional men 's Twenty20 cricket team based in Tasmania , Australia .
Antoine Mendy ( born August 16 , 1983 in Paris , France ) is a French - born Senegalese basketball player who plays for French Pro A league club JDA Dijon Basket .
María Luisa Terán de Weiss ( 29 January 1918 -- 8 December 1984 ) , known in Argentina as Mary Terán de Weiss , and out of Argentina as María Teran Weiss , was an Argentine tennis player , the first Argentine woman to have a relevant sport performance in the international tennis tour .
Sayany - Khakassia ( Russian : Саяны-Хакасия ) is a bandy club in Abakan , Russia , founded in 1980 .
Victorine Agum Fomum ( born June 17 , 1974 in Bamenda ) is a Cameroonian table tennis player .
The Portage Lakes Hockey Club was one of the first professional ice hockey clubs .
Luke Baldwin ( born 15 September 1990 ) is a rugby union player born in Royal Tunbridge Wells , England .
The 2004 World Cup of Hockey was an international ice hockey tournament .
Paolo Marinelli ( born 10 April 1995 ) is a Croatian professional basketball player who plays for Kvarner 2010 of the Croatian A-1 Liga , on loan from Union Olimpija .
Alena Hanušová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈalɛna ˈɦanuʃovaː ) ; born 29 May 1991 ) is a Czech professional basketball player .
The 102nd Grey Cup was a Canadian football game played November 30 , 2014 , between the West Division champion Calgary Stampeders and East Division champion Hamilton Tiger - Cats , to determine the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) championship for the 2014 season .
Swedish goggles are a classic and popular type of swimming goggles worn by many competitive swimmers .
Marc - André Cliche ( born March 23 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center currently playing for the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) while under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The 1972 Cincinnati Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Coney Island in Cincinnati , Ohio in the United States that was part of the 1972 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix .
Chen Xiaojun ( Chinese : 陈晓君 ; pinyin : Chén Xiǎojūn ; born August 3 , 1992 ) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming .
The Handball International Championships are yearly held competitions where many countries and regions play the handball sports derived from the Jeu de paume .
Grigory Helbach ( Hellbach , Gelbach , Gelbak ) ( 13 January 1863 -- 3 August 1930 ) was a Russian chess master .
The Große Olympiaschanze ( English : Great Olympic Hill ) is a ski jumping hill located in Garmisch - Partenkirchen .
The Xinjiang Tianshan Rural - Commercial Bank Flying Tigers ( 新疆天山农商银行飞虎 ) or Xinjiang Tianshan Nongshang Yinhang or Xinjiang Flying Tigers are a professional basketball team based in Ürümqi , Xinjiang , China , which plays in the North Division of the Chinese Basketball Association .
Bendigo Spirit is one of three Victorian basketball teams in the Australian Women 's National Basketball League .
Xavier Corosine ( born March 12 , 1985 in Fréjus , France ) is a French basketball player who plays for the French Pro A league club SOMB Boulogne - sur - Mer .
The Ghana national football team ( Akan : Gaana adehyeman nan - bɔɔl tiim ) represents Ghana in international association football and has done so since the 1950s .
The Quad City Mallards are a minor league professional ice hockey team based in the Quad Cities area of Illinois and Iowa .
The 2011 Nordic Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating competition in the 2010 - -2011 season .
Torpedo Hockey Club ( Kazakh : `` Торпедо '' хоккей клубы ; Russian : Хоккейный клуб `` Торпедо '' ) , commonly referred to as Torpedo Ust - Kamenogorsk , formerly known as Kazzinc - Torpedo ( 1999 - -2015 ) , is a professional ice hockey team based in Oskemen , Kazakhstan .
Li Henan ( Chinese : 李赫男 ; born 1943 ) is a former Chinese table tennis player and coach .
The Mitta United Football Club , nicknamed the Mountain Men or the Blues , is an Australian rules football club playing in the Tallangatta & District Football League .
The 2004 WTA Tour Championships was a women 's round robin tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , United States .
Claudio Valigi ( born February 3 , 1962 in Deruta ) is an Italian association football manager , who last served as head coach of Lupa Frascati and former player .
The 1970 Houston Women 's Invitation ( also known as the Virginia Slims Invitation for sponsorship reasons ) was a women 's only tennis tournament .
The EuroCup Women ( officially FIBA EuroCup Women ) is the second - caliber professional basketball league with teams from European clubs from national leagues joined in FIBA Europe .
The Rugby League Four Nations , known as the Gillette Four Nations for sponsorship , is a biennial rugby league football tournament run in partnership between the Australian Rugby League Commission , Rugby Football League and New Zealand Rugby League representing the top three nations in the sport :
The 2011 Crosstown Shootout brawl , nicknamed The Crosstown Punch - Out , was a bench - clearing brawl that took place at the end of the 2011 edition of the Crosstown Shootout college basketball game between the University of Cincinnati Bearcats and the Xavier University Musketeers .
Wayne Gretzky 's 3D Hockey ' 98 is an ice hockey game for the Nintendo 64 and PlayStation , it was released in 1997 .
John Brisker ( born June 15 , 1947 ) was an American professional basketball player from Detroit , Michigan who disappeared in Uganda in April 1978 .
The 1980 Royal Bank of Scotland World Women 's Curling Championship , the women 's world curling championship , was held from March 17 - -21 at the Perth Ice Rink in Perth , Scotland .
The Philippine International Tennis Tournament was a men 's tennis tournament played in Manila , Philippines from 1973 - 1978 .
Dave Philistin is a former American football linebacker .
Brandon Maye ( born March 28 , 1989 ) was an American football linebacker at Clemson University .
The Golf de Granville Baie du Mont St Michel is a 27-hole golf course located at Bréville - sur - Mer ( Manche ) , approximately 4 miles north of Granville , Normandy , France .
The Rolex Trophy is a golf tournament on the Challenge Tour , that is played in Geneva , Switzerland .
The World Hockey Association 2 was a minor professional ice hockey league created at the instigation of the organizers of the proposed recreated World Hockey Association to serve as its development league .
Fundación Aborigen Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union club from the city of Formosa .
Vickie Johnson ( born April 15 , 1972 ) is a former basketball player and current assistant coach for the San Antonio Stars .
Wayne Cashman ( born June 24 , 1945 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and a former NHL head coach .
Lokomotiv Daugavpils is a Latvian motorcycle speedway team based in Daugavpils who won Polish First League ( 2nd division ) and will race in the Polish top division next year .
Mikhail Yudovich ( 8 June 1911 , Roslavl -- 19 September 1987 ) was a Russian chess master , journalist , and writer .
Dražen Anzulović ( born May 7 , 1967 , in Zagreb , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian professional basketball coach and a former professional basketball player .
León Schorr ( ? -- ? ) a Venezuelan chess master .
Matthias Bachinger ( born 2 April 1987 ) is a professional tennis player from Germany who turned professional in 2005 .
Anderssen 's Opening is a chess opening defined by the opening move : 1 .
The NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I - A , is the top level of college football in the United States .
The NWA Mid - Atlantic Women 's Championship is the National Wrestling Alliance 's women 's singles professional wrestling title .
José Edison Mandarino ( born March 26 , 1941 ) , is a Brazilian former right - handed tennis player .
The Ottawa Senators ( French : Sénateurs d'Ottawa ) are a professional ice hockey team based in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Berthold Suhle ( 1 January 1837 , Stolp , Province of Pomerania , now Poland -- 26 January 1904 , Germany ) was a German chess master .
The 2007 ICC World Twenty20 was the inaugural Twenty20 cricket world championship , contested in South Africa from 11 to 24 September 2007 .
Ausra Fridrikas ( born 30 April 1967 in Lithuania ) is an Austrian handball player and World champion from 1990 .
In association football , the Belgian Golden Shoe ( Dutch : Gouden Schoen , French : Soulier d'Or ) is an award given in Belgium at the beginning of each civil year to the best footballer of the Belgian First Division for the past year .
The USA Cycling Professional Tour is a professional road bicycle racing series organized by USA Cycling .
The Launceston Casino City Tigers is a defunct basketball team that competed in Australia 's National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
Major Louis Ezekiel Stoddard ( January 25 , 1878 - March 9 , 1948 ) was an American 10-goal handicap polo player .
The Dukes of Hamilton were a junior ice hockey team that represented Hamilton , Ontario in the Ontario Hockey League for two seasons from 1989 to 1991 .
The Des Moines Oak Leafs were a minor league professional ice hockey team from Des Moines , Iowa , playing at Des Moines Ice Arena .
Mechâal Baladiat Béjaïa is a volleyball team in Algeria .
Alan Love ( born 6 July 1990 ) is a professional association football player who is currently without a club following his release from Hamilton Academical in the Scottish Premier League .
The 2014 Estonian Figure Skating Championships ( Estonian : Eesti Meistrivõistlused 2014 ) were the Estonian Figure Skating Championships of the 2013 - 2014 figure skating season .
Vicky Vilagos ( born April 17 , 1963 ) is a Canadian competitor in synchronized swimming and an Olympic medalist .
Ben Hansbrough ( born December 23 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player who is the younger brother of Tyler Hansbrough , the Naismith Player of the Year in 2007 - -08 and current player for the Charlotte Hornets .
Pierre Barthès ( born 13 September 1941 ) is a French retired professional tour tennis player .
Newport Titans RLFC are a rugby league side who are based in the city of Newport , South Wales .
The 2013 Moselle Open was a tennis tournament held in Metz , France and played on indoor hard courts .
The Australia A Team Quadrangular Series in 2014 was a List A cricket tournament that was held in Australia between the teams Australia A , India A , South Africa A and National Performance Squad .
Paule Baudouin ( born 25 October 1984 ) is a French handball player , playing for the German club SG BBM Bietigheim and for the French national team .
Kendall James ( born June 29 , 1991 ) is an American football cornerback who plays for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The IFAF World Championship of American Football ( also known as the IFAF World Cup ) is an international American football competition held every four years and contested by teams representing member nations .
Steve Graves ( born April 7 , 1964 in Trenton , Ontario and raised in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a former professional ice hockey left wing .
Morten Berglia ( born 3 August 1958 ) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor , winner of the 1983 Individual World Orienteering Championships , and obtaining bronze medal in 1981 .
Patricia Hy - Boulais ( b. 22 August 1965 ) is a former tennis player .
Mia Audina Tjiptawan ( Chinese : 張海麗 ; pinyin : Zhang Haili ) ; born 22 August 1979 ) is a former Chinese Indonesian badminton player who represented Indonesia and later the Netherlands in international competitions .
Coen Zuidema ( also Coenraad Zuidema , born 29 August 1942 in Surakarta , Indonesia ) is a Dutch chess player .
Ricardo Dalmau Santana ( born August 27 , 1977 in Mayaguez , Puerto Rico ) is the youngest of three children of the legendary basketball player Raymond Dalmau .
The 1991 National Invitation Tournament was the 1991 edition of the annual NCAA college basketball competition .
ESV Kaufbeuren is a professional ice hockey team based in Kaufbeuren , Germany .
Damian Browne ( born 17 May 1980 ) is an Irish professional rugby union player .
Don Candy ( born 31 March 1929 ) is an Australian former tennis player who was mainly successful in doubles .
South African Barbarians is an invitational rugby union club formed in 1960 by Frank Mellish , the former 1951 - 2 Springbok selector and manager together with former Natal chairman , Harry Stacey , styled along the lines of Barbarian F.C.
The Olympus Rally is an event in the motorsport of rallying .
Ding Ning ( simplified Chinese : 丁宁 ; traditional Chinese : 丁寧 ; pinyin : Dīng Níng ; born 20 June 1990 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
The Atlantic League of Professional Baseball is a professional , independent baseball organization located primarily in the Mid - Atlantic and Northeastern United States , especially the greater metropolitan areas of the Northeast megalopolis .
Raitis Ivanāns ( born January 3 , 1979 ) is a Latvian former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) and was known primarily as an enforcer .
Ryan Donahue ( born March 17 , 1988 ) is an American football punter who is currently a free agent .
The Sherbrooke Canadiens were a professional ice hockey team in Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada .
The Generali Deyna Cup is a two - day association football tournament that features four teams .
Michelle Picard ( born May 27 , 1993 ) is an American ice hockey player and has represented the United States women 's national ice hockey team at the 2011 4 Nations Cup .
The Stanford Super Series were a series of Twenty20 cricket matches in 2008 , sponsored by Allen Stanford .
The 2014 Michigan Wolverines football team , sometimes known as Team 135 in reference to the 135-year tradition of the Michigan football program , was an American football team that represented the University of Michigan during the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
Melody Francis ( born 17 October 1988 ) , is a professional squash player who represents Australia .
Lee Beachill ( born 28 November 1977 in Huddersfield , United Kingdom ) is a former World No . 1 squash player from England .
The Tour of Sweden ( or Postgirot Open ) was an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Sweden from 1982 to 2002 .
The Rising Stars Challenge is an exhibition basketball game held by the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) on the Friday before the annual All - Star Game as part of the All - Star Weekend .
Jan Pytlick ( born 5 June 1967 ) is a Danish handball coach .
Mr. Olympia is the title awarded to the winner of the professional men 's bodybuilding contest at Joe Weider 's Olympia Fitness & Performance Weekend - an international bodybuilding competition that is held annually by the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness ( IFBB ) .
The Lancashire Spinners are a semi - professional British basketball club based in Bury , Greater Manchester , which currently operates two Men 's senior teams in the English Basketball League , competing in Division One and the National Development League , and a Women 's senior team in the English Women 's Basketball League .
The 2002 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 10 , 2002 at the First Union Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , home of the Philadelphia 76ers .
Mohammad Taher Vadi ( Persian : محمد طاهر وادی‎‎ , born 10 October 1989 in Mashhad ) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays as a setter for the Iranian national team .
The 1991 UNCAF Nations Cup was the inaugural UNCAF Nations Cup , the Central American championship for men 's national association football teams .
Marcel Goc ( /ˈɡɒtʃ/ ; born 24 August 1983 ) is a German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Simas Buterlevičius ( born April 18 , 1989 in Vilnius , Lithuanian SSR ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player , currently playing for BC Lietkabelis of the Lithuanian Basketball League .
Sheffield Forgers RLFC was a rugby league club in Sheffield , England .
Kichiji Tamasu was a table tennis player from Japan .
HC Thurgau is a Swiss professional ice hockey club based in Weinfelden , Switzerland .
The 2008 National League Championship Series ( NLCS ) , the second round of the 2008 National League playoffs , was a best - of - seven baseball game series .
Saša Vasiljević ( born March 23 , 1979 ) is a professional basketball player representing Bosnia and Herzegovina internationally .
Peter Leko ( Hungarian : Lékó Péter ; Serbian : Петер Леко ) ; born September 8 , 1979 in Subotica , Yugoslavia ) is a Hungarian chess grandmaster .
Clarence Glover ( born November 1 , 1947 ) is a retired American NBA basketball player , who played from 1971 to 1973 .
NBA Elite 11 is a mobile basketball video game released by Electronic Arts ( EA ) for iOS .
Patrick Lalime ( born July 7 , 1974 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey broadcaster and former player .
Myroslav Turiansky ( 10 October 1912 , Rudky , near Lviv -- 28 December 1998 , Radekhiv , near Lviv ) was a Ukrainian chess master .
The 2008 Austrian Figure Skating Championships ( German : Österreichischen Staatsmeisterschaften i m Eiskunstlauf 2008 ) were the Austrian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007 - 2008 figure skating season .
The Portland Winterhawks are an American major junior ice hockey team based in Portland , Oregon , playing in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) , one of three leagues making up the Canadian Hockey League ( CHL ) .
World Women 's Wrestling ( WWW or Triple W ) was a New England based female independent professional wrestling promotion .
BK Ventspils is a professional basketball club that is located in Ventspils , Latvia .
The 2013 IRB Tbilisi Cup was the inaugural edition of this international rugby union tournament , created by the International Rugby Board and was played from 7 to 16 June 2013 at the Avchala Stadium in Tbilisi .
The Las Vegas Thunder were an independent professional ice hockey team competing in the International Hockey League .
The 1993 Qatar Open , known as the Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons , was an ATP Tour men 's tennis tournament held in Doha , Qatar from 4 January until 11 January 1993 .
The 1990 U.S. Men 's Clay Court Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Kiawah Island , South Carolina in the United States .
Dmitri Prudnikov ( born 6 January 1988 ) is a Russian futsal player who is currently playing for Dina Moscow , and the Russian national futsal team .
Mark Zengerle ( born May 12 , 1989 ) is an American professional ice hockey center , who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Carmen Marton ( born 30 June 1986 ) is a taekwondo athlete from Australia .
Tertius Losper ( born 22 November 1985 in Windhoek ) is a Namibian rugby union fullback .
The WGC - Bridgestone Invitational is a professional golf tournament , one of the annual World Golf Championships .
Andrea Collinelli ( born July 2 , 1969 ) is an Italian former racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling .
Jia Tong ( Chinese : 贾童 ) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving .
Humberto Cota ( born February 7 , 1979 in San Luis Río Colorado , Mexico ) is a Mexican professional baseball catcher for the Leones de Yucatán of the Mexican Baseball League .
The International Champions Cup ( ICC ) is an annual club association football friendly exhibition competition .
The 2013 Tetra Pak Tennis Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts .
The 2004 JPMorgan Chase Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Los Angeles , California in the United States that was part of the Tier II of the 2004 WTA Tour .
Yan Sen ( 阎森 ; born August 16 , 1975 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
Markus Baur ( born 22 January 1971 ) is a former German handball player now turned trainer .
Cardenales Rugby Club , or simply Cardenales , is a rugby union and field hockey club from San Miguel de Tucumán , Argentina .
The Brazil national under-20 football team , also known as Brazil Sub-20 or Seleção Sub-20 , represents Brazil in association football at this age level and is controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation ( CBF ) .
Atom Trefl Sopot is a Polish women 's volleyball team , based in Sopot , playing in the Orlen Liga .
The Korean Basketball League , often abbreviated to the KBL , is the pre - eminent professional men 's basketball league in South Korea .
Chris Osentowski ( born February 26 , 1975 in Des Moines , Iowa ) is an American rugby union prop .
The NWA Pacific Northwest Television Championship was a professional wrestling championship sanctioned by the National Wrestling Alliance and defended in its member promotion Pacific Northwest Wrestling .
The 1998 Pilot Pen International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Cullman - Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven , Connecticut in the United States that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour .
Raimondas Šarūnas Marčiulionis ( ( ˈrɐ̂ˑɪ̯mɔndɐs ʂɐˈrûːnɐs mɐrʲt͡ʃʊˈlʲôːnʲɪs ) ) ( born June 13 , 1964 ) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player .
The 1996 Eisenberg Israel Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon in Israel and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour .
Karolína Plíšková ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkaroliːna ˈpliːʃkovaː ) , born 21 March 1992 ) is a Czech tennis player .
Vigdis Hårsaker ( born July 16 , 1981 ) , is a Norwegian handball player , who currently plays club handball for Byåsen IL .
Industriales is a baseball team in the Cuban National Series .
Association Sportive Aixoise , also known as AS Aixoise or AS Aix , was a French association football club based in the city of Aix - en - Provence .
The 2011 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2011 college football season .
Björn Emmerling ( born 16 November 1975 in Würzburg ) is a field hockey player from Germany , who plays for Hanauer THC in his native country .
To celebrate 10 years of professional rugby union , Australian Rugby celebrated the occasion with the announcement in 2005 of the Wallaby Team of the Decade .
USA Table Tennis , colloquially known as USATT , is the non - profit governing body for table tennis in the United States and is responsible for cataloging and sanctioning tournaments within the United States .
Joel González Bonilla ( born September 30 , 1989 in Figueres , Spain ) is a taekwondo practitioner from Spain .
El Kabir Pene , born 18 December 1984 in Thiès , Senegal , is a Senegalese basketball player .
The 2014 BNP Paribas Katowice Open is a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .
Sani Bečirovič ( Serbo - Croatian : Bećirović , born 19 May 1981 ) is a Slovenian former professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Panathinaikos .
Nogometni Klub Ljubljana ( English : Ljubljana Football Club ) , commonly referred to as NK Ljubljana or simply Ljubljana , was a Slovenian association football club based in the capital city of Ljubljana .
Frederik Van Lierde ( born 25 May 1979 ) is a Belgian professional triathlete and 2013 Ironman triathlon world champion .
The Mansfield Football Club is an Australian rules football club in the Goulburn Valley Football League , they are based in Mansfield , Victoria .
Bahlinger SC is a German association football club from the Kaiserstuhl town Bahlingen , Baden - Württemberg .
The Cyprus Basketball Federation ( CBF ) ( Greek : Κυπριακή Ομοσπονδία Καλαθόσφαιρας ( ΚΟΚ ) , Turkish : Kıbrıs Basketbol Federasyonu ) is the governing body for basketball on the island of Cyprus and is a division of the Cyprus Sport Organisation ( ΚΟΑ-Κυπριακός Οργανισμός Αθλητισμού ) .
Karim Abdul ( born 3 July 1982 ) is a collegiate basketball player from Cameroon .
Michael McCarron ( born March 7 , 1995 ) is an American ice hockey player .
The 2014 WGC - Cadillac Championship was a golf tournament played March 6 - -9 on the TPC Blue Monster course at Trump National Doral in Doral , Florida , a suburb west of Miami .
Lymm RL are a rugby league side based in Lymm , Cheshire .
The 1996 Five Nations Championship was the sixty - seventh series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship , and the first in the sport 's professional era , which officially began in August 1995 .
Chris Bright ( born June 6 , 1970 ) is a Canadian - born retired professional ice hockey player .
Pierre Russell ( December 13 , 1949 -- June 12 , 1995 ) was a professional basketball player .
The 1996 NHK Trophy was the eighteenth NHK Trophy competition held and part of the 1996 - -97 figure skating season .
Yuki Ishikawa ( 石川友紀 Ishikawa Yuki , born 26 April 1997 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous .
The 2013 ICC Champions Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in England and Wales between 6 and 23 June 2013 .
Penzance RFC formed in 1876 , was a rugby union club based in Penzance , Cornwall , UK .
The 2006 ICC Champions Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in India from 7 October to 5 November 2006 .
The Battle of the Z Boys was a boxing fight between Mexicans Carlos Zarate and Alfonso Zamora , who were , respectively , the WBC and WBA World Bantamweight titleholders .
The 1976 Denver WCT , also known as the 1976 United Bank Tennis Classic for sponsorship reasons , was a men 's professional tennis tournament .
Douglas da Silva ( born 7 March 1984 in Florianópolis ) is a Brazilian professional association football player who plays for Joinville as a central defender .
The German Rugby Federation ( German : Deutscher Rugby - Verband or DRV ) is the governing body for rugby union in Germany .
Kevin Rutland ( born April 2 , 1988 ) is an American football cornerback with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League .
The 1982 World Women 's Curling Championship , the women 's world curling championship , was held from March 16 - 21 at the Patinoire des Vernets in Geneva , Switzerland .
Alresford Cricket Club was one of the strongest cricket teams in England during the late 18th century .
Madden NFL 2005 is an American football video game that was released from August to November 2004 .
The 1927 Klass I season was the fifth season of the Klass I , the top level of ice hockey in Sweden .
The Athletics Federation of Serbia ( Serbian : Атлетски савез Србије ; Atletski savez Srbije ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Serbia .
GP Ciudad de Valladolid is a women 's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in Valladolid , Spain .
The IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship ( Campeonato Intercontinental de Parejas IWRG in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling tag team championship promoted by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) since 2000 .
Konstantin Rachkov ( Russian : Константин Рачков ) ( born 8 October 1978 ) is a Kazakh - born Russian rugby union footballer who plays as a fly - half .
Casey Samuels is an Australian basketball player who currently plays for Sydney Uni Flames in the Women 's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) .
F.C. Castiglione S.S.D. ( formerly F.C. Sterilgarda Castiglione A.S.D. ) is an Italian association football club , based in Castiglione delle Stiviere , Lombardy .
Alan O'Brien ( born 20 February 1985 ) is an Irish association football player who is currently playing for Hungerford Town .
Elie Mechantaf ( in Arabic إيلي مشنتف born in Beirut , Lebanon on October 5 , 1970 ) is a retired Lebanese international basketball player .
Mark Pasman ( Latvian : Marks Pasmans ; March 16 , 1932 , Riga , Latvia - August 4 , 2011 ) was a Latvian chess player who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1951 .
HK Poprad is a professional ice hockey team in the Slovak Extraliga , the top ice hockey league in Slovakia .
Wilston Grange Football Club is an Australian rules football club which competes in the Queensland Australian Football League .
Espoon Honka was a basketball club based in Espoo , Finland and it played in Korisliiga .
Jackson Richardson ( born on June 14 , 1969 in Saint - Pierre , Réunion ) is a retired French handball player .
George McPhee ( born July 2 , 1958 ) is a Canadian ice hockey executive .
Donna Rachele Mussolini ( née Guidi 11 April 1890 -- 30 October 1979 ) was the wife of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini .
Mary Pellatt , Lady Pellatt ( née Dodgson ; 1857 - -1924 ) , was the first wife of Sir Henry Pellatt and served as the first Chief Commissioner of the Girl Guides of Canada .
Claudine de Brosse ( 1450 - -1513 ) , was a Duchess Consort of Savoy ; married in 1485 to Philip II , Duke of Savoy .
Mitzi McCall ( born September 9 , 1932 ) is an American actress married to actor Charlie Brill .
Gil Bellows is married to American actress Rya Kihlstedt and has two children .
Arabibarbus is a genus of Cyprinidae .
Senegalia ataxacantha , commonly known as the Flame thorn , is an African tree species with conspicuous red pods and numerous hooked prickles .
Vanilla polylepis is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family found in Kenya , Uganda , Congo , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
Atoposauridae is a family of crocodile - like archosaurs .
The single species composing the genus is Protarum sechellarum .
Elephant seals are large , oceangoing earless seals in the genus Mirounga .
Phalium glaucum , common name the grey bonnet or glaucus bonnet , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae , the helmet snails and bonnet snails .
Sepia filibrachia is a species of cuttlefish native to the South China Sea .
Sciota hostilis is a species of snout moth in the genus Sciota .
The scarab beetle subfamily Scarabaeinae consists of species collectively called true dung beetles .
Glaphyropoma rodriguesi is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil .
Melinis repens is a species of grass known by the common names rose Natal grass , or simply Natal grass , and Natal red top .
Gnamptogenys coxalis is a species of ant of the subfamily Ectatomminae , which can be found from Borneo , Sri Lanka , India , and Nicobar Islands .
Parabuccinum is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinulidae .
Arum palaestinum is a species of flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the family Araceae , also known as Black Calla , Solomon 's Lily , Priest 's Hood , Kardi and Palestine Arum .
Ribes colandina is a species of currant found only in Perú .
Agaricus lilaceps , also known as the cypress Agaricus or the giant cypress agaricus is a species of mushroom .
Tylopilus piniphilus is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in Yunnan , China , where it grows under the conifer species Pinus yunnanensis and P. densata .
Zabrus apfelbecki is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Jasminum mesnyi ( primrose jasmine or Japanese jasmine ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Oleaceae , native to Vietnam and southern China ( Guizhou , Sichuan , Yunnan ) .
Stanfieldiella is genus of flowering plants within the Commelinaceae family , first described in 1960 .
Gilbertidia is a genus of fatheads native to the northern Pacific Ocean .
The order Diplura is one of the four groups of hexapods , alongside insects , springtails and Protura .
Conus marchionatus , common name the Marquesas cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Cystopteris montana is a species of fern known by the common name mountain bladderfern .
Bulimulus hoodensis is a species of land snail in the family Bulimulidae .
Kyrinion is an extinct genus of baphetid tetrapod from the Late Carboniferous of England .
Austrophyllolepis is an extinct genus of phyllolepid arthrodire placoderm from Middle to Late Devonian freshwater strata of Australia .
Perca fluviatilis , commonly known as the European perch , perch , redfin perch or English perch , is a predatory species of perch found in Europe and northern Asia .
Acanthogobius is a genus of gobies native to marine , fresh and brackish waters of eastern Asia .
Nebria aenea aenea is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Altai , Russia .
Dudleya virens , the Green liveforever or Bright green dudleya , is an uncommon species of perennial , succulent plant in the family Crassulaceae , native to several coastal southern California and Baja California locations .
Amphigerontia contaminata is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in England , and sometimes Ireland .
Tinognathus parviceps is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Tinognathus .
Capnoides sempervirens is the only species in the genus Capnoides .
Cupressus forbesii , now reclassified by some as Hesperocyparis forbesii , and with the common names Tecate cypress or Forbes ' cypress , is a species of cypress native to southwestern North America .
Syntrophobacter sulfatireducens is a species of bacteria notable for degrading propionate .
Agabus sturmii is a species of beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) and the Near East .
Isopogon fletcheri is a rare shrub species that is endemic to the Blue Mountains in New South Wales , Australia .
Xanthophryne koynayensis ( common names : Humbali Village toad , chrome - yellow toad , Koyna toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Sarcocapnos ( Greek sárx `` flesh '' , kapnós `` smoke '' ) is a genus of at least 6 species of somewhat fleshy , cushion - forming annual to perennial plants , native to cliffs in the French Pyrenees , Spain , and north Africa .
Rayella is a genus of parasitic protozoa of belonging to the phylum Apicomplexia .
Chasmatophyllum is a genus of succulent plants native to the Karoo mountains of South Africa .
†Graecoanatolica macedonica is an extinct species of small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Xanthoparmelia nana is a lichen species in the genus Xanthoparmelia found in Western Australia .
Trichocline is a genus of Australian and South American plants in the gerbera tribe within the daisy family .
Neocrepidodera corpulenta is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Albania , Bulgaria , France , Italy , Romania , and in all states of former Yugoslavia .
Hemiscyllium galei ( Cenderwasih epaulette shark ) is a species of bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae .
Carex vernacula is a species of sedge known by the common name native sedge .
Cryolophosaurus ( /ˌkraɪoʊˌloʊfoʊˈsɔːrəs/ or /kraɪˌɒloʊfoʊˈsɔːrəs/ ; `` CRY - oh - loaf - oh - SAWR - us '' ) is a genus of large theropods known from only a single species Cryolophosaurus ellioti , known from the early Jurassic period of Antarctica .
Nelson 's milksnake ( Lampropeltis triangulum nelsoni ) is a subspecies of king snake that is found in Mexico from southern Guanajuato and central Jalisco to the Pacific Coast .
Deroplatys moultoni is a species of praying mantis in the genus Deroplatys in the order Mantodea .
Labyrinthus chiriquensis is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Labyrinthus .
Ktenoura is a genus of trilobite from the Silurian of Europe .
Pseudaelurus stouti ( originally described as Lynx stouti ) also from the Early and Late Barstovian was a very small and slender form of the genus .
Penstemon eatonii is a species of penstemon known by the common name firecracker penstemon .
Polystichum lonchitis is a species of fern known by the common name northern hollyfern , or simply holly - fern .
Morcocytius is a genus of hawkmoths containing only one species , Morcocytius mortuorum , which is known from Brazil , Ecuador , Peru and Bolivia .
Tripneustes ventricosus , commonly called the West Indian sea egg or white sea urchin , is a species of sea urchin .
Epityches is a genus of clearwing ( ithomiine ) butterflies , named by d'Almeida in 1938 .
Cephalotes fossithorax is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes , characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to `` parachute '' by steering during a fall .
Penicillium rubefaciens is a species of the genus of Penicillium which has been isolated from sandy soil .
The chachalacas , guans and curassows are birds in the family Cracidae .
Parmops is a genus of flashlight fishes found in the deep waters of the central Pacific Ocean .
Boucardicus carylae is a species of land snail with an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cyclophoridae .
Stanhopea cirrhata is a species of orchid endemic to Central America ( Costa Rica , Honduras , Nicaragua and Panama ) .
Anoplosaurus ( meaning `` unarmored or unarmed lizard '' ) is an extinct genus of herbivorous nodosaurid dinosaur , from the late Albian - age Lower Cretaceous Cambridge Greensand of Cambridgeshire , England .
Nebria piperi is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Canada and the US state of Washington .
Rhinoraja , the jointnose skates , is a genus of skates in the family Rajidae .
Ornithosuchidae is an extinct family of reptiles from the Triassic period that were distantly related to crocodilians .
Tyson belos ( Tyson 's wriggler or arrow wriggler ) is a species of fish in the monotypic genus Tyson of the Xenisthmidae ( wriggler ) family .
Ephippidae is a family containing the spadefishes , with about eight genera and a total of 20 marine species .
Atrophaneura zaleucus is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in Burma .
Cryptocellus is an arachnid genus in the order Ricinulei .
The Diaphanopterodea or Paramegasecoptera are an extinct order of moderate to large - sized Palaeozoic insects .
Acropora jacquelineae is a species of acroporid coral found in the eastern Indian Ocean and the central and western Pacific Ocean .
Callulina dawida , also known as Taita warty frog , is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family .
Anotopterus vorax or south ocean daggertooth is a species of daggertooth .
Euprymna hoylei is a species of bobtail squid native to the tropical waters of the Indo - Pacific , specifically the western Pacific Ocean and northwestern Australia .
Streptomyces cheonanensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from radish growing soil in Cheonan in Korea .
Australopithecus sediba is a species of Australopithecus of the early Pleistocene , identified based on fossil remains dated to about 2 million years ago .
Cantharolethrus luxerii is a species of stag beetle .
Notoraja is a genus of skates in the family Rajidae , with these currently recognized species :
Porites is a genus of stony coral ; they are SPS ( Small Polyp Stony ) corals .
Moehringia macrophylla is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name largeleaf sandwort .
The Vegas Valley leopard frog ( Rana fisheri ) is a species of frog previously declared extinct .
Ganoderma brownii is a species of polypore fungus in the Ganodermataceae family .
Gourmya gourmyi , common name the Gourmya Cerith , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae .
Xyris tennesseensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Xyridaceae known by the common name Tennessee yellow - eyed grass .
Laudonia is an extinct genus of trilobites that lived during the early part of the Botomian stage , which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago .
Platylestes praemorsus is a damselfly species in the family Lestidae .
Macrurocyttus acanthopodus , the dwarf dory , is a species of tinselfish native to the western Pacific Ocean where it has been found in the waters around the Philippines and Australia at a depth of around 878 metres ( 2,881 ft ) .
Tieghemella africana is a tree species of the genus Tieghemella in the plant family of the Sapotaceae .
Athous curtus is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family which is endemic to Western Caucasus .
Platycnemis acutipennis , known as the Orange Featherleg or the Orange White - legged Damselfly , is a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae .
Gymnodactylus is a genus of Brazilian geckos , commonly known as naked - toed geckos .
Pavoclinus laurentii , the Rippled klipfish , is a species of clinid found from Inhambane , Mozambique to Port Alfred , South Africa where it prefers weed - grown tide pools .
The American woodcock ( Scolopax minor ) , sometimes colloquially referred to as the timberdoodle , is a small chunky shorebird species found primarily in the eastern half of North America .
Agathis zamunerae is an extinct species of tree in the genus Agathis from early and middle Eocene rainforest paleofloras of Patagonia , Argentina around 52.2 million years ego .
Gymnocephalus is a genus of perches native to Western Eurasia .
Spermatodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric coelacanth , or lobe - finned fish .
Ancalomicrobium adetum is a bacteria from the family of Hyphomicrobiaceae and the only species in the genus Ancalomicrobium .
Stenodactylus doriae , commonly known as the Middle Eastern short - fingered gecko or Doria 's comb - fingered gecko , is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae .
Krigia wrightii , known as Wright 's dwarfdandelion , is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Cuapetes is a genus of shrimp in the family Palaemonidae , comprising the following species :
Padilla javana is the only species of jumping spider in the genus Padilla which occurs on Java , with most others found in Madagascar , and one in China .
Tegula pfeifferi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae . Tegula pfeifferi is more commonly known as `` Pfeiffer 's Top Shell '' .
Nuphar advena ( spatterdock or cow lily or yellow pond - lily ) is a species of Nuphar native throughout the eastern United States and at least some parts of Canada , such as Nova Scotia .
Spathoptera albilatera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Spathoptera .
Schizopygopsis is a genus of cyprinid fish found in rivers of Asia .
Calopteryx angustipennis is a species of damselfly in the family Calopterygidae known commonly as the Appalachian jewelwing .
Furcina is a small genus of sculpins native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean from around Japan and the Republic of Korea .
Florideophyceae , demoted to subclass Florideae in some classification systems , is a class of red algae .
Phlyctenanthus australis , common names red anemone and southern anemone , is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae .
Macrosiphoniella yomogifoliae is an aphid species .
Limnonectes poilani is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family from eastern Cambodia and southern Vietnam .
Cacozelia neotropica is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacozelia .
Philodryas is a genus of colubrid snakes endemic to South America , commonly called green snakes .
Syringophilidae is a family of mites , containing the following genera :
Altiphrynoides is a genus of toads , commonly referred to as Ethiopian toads .
The upright snottygobble ( Persoonia longifolia ) , also known as the long - leaf persoonia or just snottygobble , is a species of tall shrub or small tree in the plant genus Persoonia , reaching 1 to 5 metres ( 3 - -17 ft ) in height .
Apodachlya is a genus of water mold within the order Leptomitales .
Xyris platylepis , the tall yelloweyed grass , is a North American species of flowering plants in the yellow - eyed - grass family .
Cancrocaeca xenomorpha is a species of troglobitic ( cave - dwelling ) freshwater crab from Sulawesi , the only species in the monotypic genus Cancrocaeca .
Anthemis is a genus of aromatic flowering plants in the family Asteraceae , closely related to Chamaemelum , and like that genus , known by the common name chamomile ; some species are also called dog - fennel or mayweed .
Conus clarus , common name the glossy cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Telmatobius espadai , also known as the Inquisivi water frog , is a species of frog in the Telmatobiidae family , one of fourteen species of Telmatobius water frogs endemic to Bolivia .
Almadasuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph known from the early Late Jurassic ( early Oxfordian stage ) Puesto Almada Member of the Cañadón Asfalto Formation of Patagonia , Argentina .
Helianthus laevigatus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name smooth sunflower .
Crocus graveolens is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae , found from south Turkey to Northern Israel .
Conus consors , common name the singed cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Brachylaima is a genus of trematode helminth that , it has recently been discovered , can infect the gastrointestinal tract of human beings .
Gyalecta is a genus of fungi within the Gyalectaceae family .
Lilium formosanum , also known as the Formosa lily or Taiwanese lily ( simplified Chinese : 台湾百合 ; traditional Chinese : 台灣百合 ; pinyin : Táiwān bǎihé ) , is a plant species in the lily family , endemic to Taiwan .
Palacanthilhiopsis is a genus of very small or minute freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Moitessieriidae .
Geranosaurus ( meaning `` sloth reptile '' ) is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Jurassic .
Kikiki is a genus of fairyfly wasps containing a single species , Kikiki huna , known from Hawaii , Costa Rica , and Trinidad .
Aphelocephala is a genus of bird in the thornbill family Acanthizidae .
Hippuris , the Mare 's tail , was previously the sole genus in the family Hippuridaceae .
Panulirus homarus is a species of spiny lobster that lives along the coasts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans .
Euprymna penares is a species of bobtail squid native to waters of the Indo - Pacific ; its exact distribution is unknown .
Coccinella is the most familiar genus of ladybird ( or , in North America , ladybug ) .
Eomys is an extinct genus of eomyid rodent from the late Oligocene of France , Germany , Spain , and possibly Turkey .
Scabiosa ochroleuca , commonly called cream pincushions or cream scabious , is a species of scabious with creamy yellow flower heads .
Castanea sativa , or sweet chestnut , is a species of flowering plant in the family Fagaceae , native to Europe and Asia Minor , and widely cultivated throughout the temperate world .
Diplodus cervinus , commonly known as the zebra seabream , is a species of seabream belonging to the family Sparidae .
Puck pinnata is a species of dreamer known only from the northwest Pacific Ocean .
Argonectes is a genus of halftooths from tropical South America .
Acapnolymma sulcaticeps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Acapnolymma .
Peachia cylindrica is a large species of sea anemone in the family Haloclavidae .
Calycadenia fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Frémont 's western rosinweed ( after John C. Frémont ) .
Arophyteae is a tribe in the Araceae family .
Physalia is a genus of the order Siphonophora , colonies of four specialized polyps and medusoids that drift on the surface of the Atlantic , Indian and Pacific oceans .
Leontodon taraxacoides is a species of hawkbit known by the common name lesser hawkbit , rough hawkbit , or hairy hawkbit .
Meum athamanticum is a glabrous , highly aromatic ( aroma compound ) , perennial plant - the only species ( monotypic ) in the genus Meum , belonging to the family Apiaceae . Common names in the U.K. include Baldmoney , Spignel,(also Spiknel and Spikenel ) and Meu .
Carex multicostata is a species of sedge known by the common name manyrib sedge .
Onchidorididae are a taxonomic family of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Onchidoridoidea .
The Irapeao 's Cypripedium or Pelican Orchid ( Cypripedium irapeanum ) is a species of orchid .
Camarophyllopsis is a genus of 26 species of fungi with a widespread distribution , especially in northern temperate areas .
Euphorbia decaryi is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family endemic to Madagascar .
The Flores green pigeon ( Treron floris ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Tagiades menaka , commonly known as the Spotted Snow Flat or the Dark - Edged Snow Flat , is a species of spread - winged skipper butterflies .
Kiisortoqia soperi is a species of arthropod from the Early Cambrian Sirius Passet Lagerstätte in Greenland .
Hepatus epheliticus , known by various names , including the calico crab ( not to be confused with Ovalipes ocellatus ) and Dolly Varden crab , is a species of crab .
Tramea basilaris , also known as the keyhole glider or wheeling glider , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
The Seminole siltsnail or Seminole spring snail , scientific name Floridobia vanhyningi , is a species of small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Onchidoridoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs , dorid nudibranchs , marine gastropod molluscs .
Crataegus marshallii is a species of hawthorn known by the common name parsley haw .
Mammillaria duwei is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family .
Dasycottus setiger , the Spinyhead Sculpin , is a species of fathead native to the northern Pacific Ocean .
Cirrhopetalum maculosum is an orchid species in the genus Cirrhopetalum .
Palaeobenthesicymus is an extinct genus of prawns which existed in what is now Lebanon in the Late Santonian .
Indomyrma is an Asian genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Astragalus ripleyi is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Ripley 's milkvetch .
Tachysphex pechumani is a species of wasp in the family Crabronidae .
Lasius brunneus is a species of ant in the genus Lasius .
Liaochelys is an extinct genus of macrobaenid turtle which existed in western Liaoning , China during the early Cretaceous epoch .
Aluta is a genus of small shrubs in the family Myrtaceae .
Ionopsis ( violet orchid ) is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
Iva axillaris , called povertyweed or death weed , is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Gasteracantha sturi , commonly known as the blunt - spined kite spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae .
Amphisbaena alba , also known as the red worm lizard or less commonly as the white or white - bellied worm lizard , is a species of amphisbaenian in the reptilian order Squamata .
Scoliopus bigelovii is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by several common names , including California fetid adderstongue , Bigelow 's adderstongue , slinkpod , and brownies .
Guibourtia conjugata is a species of small to medium sized trees from Fabaceae family that can be found in Mozambique , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
Hexinlusaurus is a genus of basal ornithischian dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of China .
Inermocoelotes microlepidus is a funnel - web spider species found in Italy , Bulgaria and Macedonia .
Oecomys trinitatis , also known as the long - furred oecomys , long - furred rice rat , Trinidad arboreal rice rat , or big arboreal rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae .
Didymodon mamillosus , commonly known as Perthshire beardmoss , is a species of moss endemic to Europe .
Sturisoma monopelte is a species of armored catfish endemic to Guyana where it occurs in the Rupununi River basin .
Chaetobranchopsis is a small genus of cichlid fishes from South America , where they are found in the Amazon , Paraná and Paraguay river basins .
Pleioptygma is a genus of large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Muricoidea .
Castilleja praeterita is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Salmon Creek Indian paintbrush .
Erosaria citrina , common name the orange cowrie , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
Agnorhiza elata ( syn . Wyethia elata ) is a species of flowering plants known by the common name Hall 's mule 's ears .
Pantherodes colubraria , common name blotched leopard , is a species of moth in the family Geometridae .
Palpares libelluloides is a species of antlion in the genus Palpares belonging to the Myrmeleonidae family .
Psilophytites is a form genus of extinct plants ; it was created by Høeg for spiny stems ( axes ) which can not be assigned to a more precise genus or species , usually because spore - forming organs or sporangia are not present .
Entoloma austroprunicolor is a species of agaric fungus in the family Entolomataceae .
Rhododendron annae ( 桃叶杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to central and western Guizhou and western Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 1200 - -3000 meters .
Stellatospora is a genus of fungi within the Sordariaceae family .
Perilampsis decellei is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Perilampsis of the family Tephritidae .
The Sangha forest robin ( Stiphrornis erythrothorax sanghensis ) is a subspecies of the forest robin that is endemic to south - western Central African Republic , but may also occur in adjacent parts of DR Congo , Cameroon and Republic of the Congo .
Lythrypnus is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas including Cocos Island and the Galapagos Islands .
Calamospondylus ( meaning `` quill vertebrae '' ) was a theropod dinosaur genus .
Echeveria elegans ( Mexican snow ball , Mexican gem , white Mexican rose ) is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family , native to semi - desert habitats in Mexico .
Rhytida patula is a species of medium - sized , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae .
Conus vidua , common name the vidua cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Allocota viridipennis is a species of either brownish - green or reddish - blue coloured ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Indonesian islands as Borneo , Java and Sumatra .
Paracanthocobitis pictilis also known as the Ataran zipper loach is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis .
Bromus pubescens , common name hairy woodland brome or hairy wood chess , is a grass species found across much of the eastern and central United States , as well as in Arizona , Québec and Ontario .
Diospyros attenuata is a species of tree in the ebony family , Ebenaceae .
Turturoena , commonly called bronze - naped pigeon , is a pigeon subgenus comprising three species : the eastern bronze - naped pigeon , the western bronze - naped pigeon , and the São Tomé bronze - naped pigeon .
Componocancer roberti is an unusual species of fossil crab described in 2008 .
Pimenta pseudocaryophyllus , popularly known as cataia , craveiro or louro - cravo , is a species from the Myrtaceae family largely distributed in pantropical and subtropical regions ( Paula et al . , 2012 ) .
Laminacauda plagiata is a species of sheet weaver found in Argentina , Chile and the Falkland Islands .
Trochus radiatus , common name the radiate top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Aculus is a genus of mites , including the following species :
Yixianornis ( meaning `` Yixian Formation bird '' ) is a bird genus from the early Cretaceous period .
Crotalarieae is a tribe of flowering plants belonging to the bean family Fabaceae .
Bunocephalus coracoideus , the guitarrito , is a species of banjo catfish found in the Amazon River basin .
The Christmas thrush ( Turdus poliocephalus erythropleurus ) , ia a subspecies of the island thrush ( Turdus poliocephalus ) .
Plagiantha is a genus of Brazilian plants in the grass family .
Aleurodicus rugioperculatus ( known variously as the rugose spiraling whitefly , the gumbo limbo spiraling whitefly or just the spiraling whitefly ) is a species of whitefly found throughout the Florida Keys .
Keckiella is a genus of plants in the plantain family .
Ophiodermatidae are a family of brittle stars in the suborder Ophiurina .
Trithemis pluvialis , the river dropwing , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Leptoglanis xenognathus is a species of loach catfish found in the Congo River Basin in the countries of the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Locha hyalina is a moth species in the family Geometridae from Central and parts of Southern America .
Floscopa is a genus of plant in family Commelinaceae first described in 1790 .
Acmaeops pratensis is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long - horned beetle family .
Haplochromis nubilus , the Blue Victoria Mouthbrooder , is a species of cichlid found in several lakes and stream in eastern and central Africa .
Rubus spectabilis ( salmonberry ) is a species of brambles in the rose family , native to the west coast of North America from west central Alaska to California , inland as far as Idaho .
The order Ricinulei is a group of arachnids known as hooded tickspiders , though they are not true spiders .
Brasiliorchis gracilis ( syn . Maxillaria gracilis ) is a species of orchid ( family Orchidaceae ) native to eastern and southern Brazil .
Paracetopsis is a genus of whale catfishes found in tropical South America .
Ophiociliomyces is a genus of fungi within the Meliolaceae family .
Plantago maritima ( common names sea plantain , seaside plantain , goose tongue ) is a species of Plantago , family Plantaginaceae .
Spirometra is a genus of Pseudophyllid cestode that reproduces in canines and felines but which can cause pathology in humans .
Marcgravia evenia is a species of flowering vine in the family Marcgraviaceae .
Araneus mitificus , commonly known as the kidney garden spider or pale orb weaver , is a species of orb - weaver spider found in South , East , and Southeast Asia .
Comandra is a monotypic genus containing the single species Comandra umbellata .
Clostridium is a genus of Gram - positive bacteria , which includes several significant human pathogens , most notably the causative agent of botulism .
Laidleria is an extinct genus of unusual armored temnospondyl from Early Triassic of South Africa .
Paraptenodytes brodkorbi is a proposed , but possibly invalid , species of extinct penguin .
Festuca frederikseniae is a species of grass native to Greenland , Newfoundland , Labrador , and to a few islands in eastern Québec ( Mingan Archipelago and Anticosti Island ) .
Azorella macquariensis , also known as Macquarie Azorella or Macquarie Cushions , is a species of cushion plant endemic to Australia 's subantarctic Macquarie Island .
Dianchungosaurus is an extinct genus of mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorph from the Early Jurassic of China .
Semisulcospira libertina is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Semisulcospiridae .
Brachytarsomys is a genus of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Metallonupserha metallescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Metallonupserha .
Balanerpeton is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Visean stage of the Early Carboniferous period .
Oxyloma elegans is a species of small European land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk belonging to the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
In 1898 , Nocard and Roux were the first to isolate a mycoplasma species in culture from bovine , however it was n't until 1944 when Mycoplasma pneumoniae , known then as Eaton agent or Eaton 's agent , was isolated and described from a patient with primary atypical pneumonia .
Oxyopsis is a genus consisting of 11 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae .
Hydrellia geniculata is a species of fly in the family Ephydridae .
Acnodon is a genus of serrasalmids found in South America , with three recognized species :
Streptomyces cyaneofuscatus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Daghestan in Russia .
Celtedens is an extinct genus of albanerpetontid amphibian from the Late Cretaceous of Spain , Early Cretaceous of England , and the Late Jurassic of Portugal .
Raillardella scaposa is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name stem raillardella .
Epithelantha ( button cactus ) is a genus of cactus that is native to northeastern Mexico , and in an area from western Texas to Arizona .
Ptychomitrium is a widespread genus of mosses found in many parts of the world .
Solmissus is a genus of jellyfish , the dinner plate jellies .
The Menthidae are a small family of pseudoscorpions that are nevertheless spread around the world .
Eucomis pallidiflora ( giant pineapple lily ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae , native to South Africa .
Enyalioides binzayedi is a species of lizard in the genus Enyalioides known from only one location in the Cordillera Azul National Park in Peru .
Pseudeutropius is a genus of the family Horabagridae native to Asia .
Murdannia dimorphoides is a plant species endemic to Sri Lanka , known from only one location inside Wilpattu National Park .
Tragostomoides pretiosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Tragostomoides .
Nitrospira is a genus of bacteria in the phylum Nitrospirae .
Westringia is a genus of Australian shrubs .
Amorphoscelis pallida is a species of praying mantis found in Cameroon and Nigeria .
Anetia pantheratus is a species of butterfly in the Danaidae family .
Nisaetus is a genus of eagles found mainly in tropical Asia .
Calcancora is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Poland during the Triassic period , Germany during the upper Jurassic period , France , Brazil , and the United States during the Paleogene period , and Austria during the Tortonian period .
Eubranchus exiguus is a species of small sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae .
Pyrolirion , commonly known as fire lilies or flame lilies , is a small genus of herbaceous , bulb - forming South American plants in the Amaryllis family , native to Chile , Peru , and Bolivia .
Paraschistura lepidocaulis is a species of stone loach that is endemic to Pakistan .
Pseudostellaria oxyphylla , the robust starwort or Robinson 's starwort , is a rare plant species endemic to Idaho , known only from Kootenai and Shoshone Counties .
Condylactis gigantea is a tropical species of ball anemone that is found in shallow reefs and other shallow inshore areas in the Caribbean Sea -- more specifically the West Indies -- and the western Atlantic Ocean including southern Florida through the Florida Keys .
Penicillium sphaerum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from wood in Panama .
Galium tunetanum , the Tunisian Bedstraw , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Myctophum affine , the Metallic lanternfish , is a species of lanternfish native to the Atlantic Ocean .
Heliaea mirabilis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliaea of the family Tachinidae .
Colobothina perplexa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Colobothina .
Orthochromis polyacanthus is a species of cichlid native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia , where it is known from the lower Congo River rapids near Pool Malebo ( Stanley Pool ) and the upper Congo River basin from the Kisangani area to the Lake Mweru basin .
Paracyriothasastes marmoreus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paracyriothasastes .
The Balanomorpha are a suborder of barnacles , containing familiar acorn barnacles of the seashore .
Cerithiopsis dominguezi is a species of sea snail , a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae , which is known from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico .
Clanculus floridus , common name the florid clanculus , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Neocolobura alboplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neocolobura .
Arnica acaulis is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family , known by the common name Common leopardbane .
Castilleja pruinosa is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name frosted Indian paintbrush .
Blanfordia bensoni is a species of land snail which has an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae .
Aporrhais pespelecani , common name the `` pelican 's foot '' ( or more precisely `` common pelican 's foot '' to distinguish it from congeners ) , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aporrhaidae .
The genus comprises a single species , the type species , Guamatela tuerckheimii Donn . Sm . , an evergreen shrub with a prostrate habit that is native to Mexico , Guatemala , and Honduras .
Nylanderia vagabunda , is a species of Formicinae ant found in Sri Lanka .
Centaurea collina is a species of Centaurea found in Portugal .
Kibatalia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1826 .
Cephalotaxus wilsoniana is a species of coniferous tree in the plum yew family , Cephalotaxaceae .
Trypeta hysia is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae .
Physella wrighti , common name the hotwater physa , is a species of small air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae .
The Syngnathidae are a family of fish which includes the seahorses , the pipefishes , the pipehorses , and the leafy , ruby , and weedy seadragons .
Oxystele variegata , common name the variegated topshell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
It was described by Alberti in 1967 , and the type species is Crotalocephalides gaertneri , which the author had originally described under the genus Cheirurus in 1962 .
Gelidiella is a genus of red algae ( phylum Rhodophyta ) .
Luetkenotyphlus brasiliensis ( common name : Sao Paulo caecilian ) is a species of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family .
Fusigobius is a genus of coral reef inhabiting gobies found throughout the Indian and western Pacific Oceans .
Altingia is a genus of 11 species of flowering plants in the family Altingiaceae , formerly often treated in the related family Hamamelidaceae .
Chelonistele vermicularis is a species of orchid in the genus Chelonistele .
The Mexican agouti ( Dasyprocta mexicana ) , also known as the Mexican black agouti , is a species of rodent in the family Dasyproctidae .
Chelonoidis donfaustoi ( commonly known as the eastern Santa Cruz tortoise ) is a species of Galápagos tortoise living on Santa Cruz Island , within the Galápagos .
Ingentidens is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian ( upper Roadian age ) mudstone deposits of Dashankou locality , Xidagou Formation of China .
The Syndiniales are an order of dinoflagellates , found exclusively as endosymbionts of the tintinnid ciliates , crustaceans , fish , protozoa , algae , and other dinoflagellates .
Epipogiinae is an orchid subtribe in the tribe Nervilieae .
It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985 , and the type species is Courtessolium prepater , which was originally described under the genus Pateraspis by Courtessole and Pillet in 1975 , and was later renamed under the genus Pseudosphaerexochus .
Typhlops hypomethes , known commonly as the Coastal blindsnake , is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family .
Dolichoderus robustus is an extinct species of Eocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus .
Cunninghamella elegans is a species of fungus in the genus Cunninghamella found in soil .
Rhynia is a single - species genus of Devonian vascular plants .
Brachyspiraceae is a family of spirochaetes .
The single species that makes up the genus is Bognera recondita .
Bidens connata , the purplestem beggarticks or London bur - marigold , is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family .
Jensenobotrya lossowiana is the only species of genus Jensenobotrya , in the Aizoaceae family .
The Hanken 's shrub frog , Pseudophilautus hankeni , is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family , endemic to the Knuckles Mountain Range , Sri Lanka .
Collomia diversifolia is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name serpentine collomia .
Crepidodera aurea is a species of flea beetles from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in everywhere in Europe , except for Albania , Andorra , Finland , Ireland , Latvia , Moldova , Monaco , Norway , San Marino , Sweden , Vatican City , and various European islands .
Aconogonon phytolaccifolium is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Poke knotweed .
Angraecum aporoides is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Burundi , Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Nigeria , Rwanda and São Tomé and Principe .
Sinezona laqueus is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Scissurellidae , the little slit shells .
Eubrachiosaurus is an extinct genus of stahleckeriine stahleckeriid dicynodont known from the Late Triassic ( Norian stage ) of Wyoming , USA .
Jamesoniella colorata is a species of liverwort in the Jungermanniaceae family .
Alisea is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch .
Salix planifolia is a species of willow known by the common names planeleaf willow , diamondleaf willow , and tea - leafed willow .
Oliva hirasei , common name Hirase 's olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae , the olives .
It contains only one known species Holozonia filipes , which is known by the common name whitecrown .
Saltoblattella montistabularis is a species of jumping cockroach known only from Table Mountain near Cape Town , South Africa .
Elpistostegalia or Panderichthyida is an order of prehistoric lobe - finned fishes which lived during the Late Devonian period ( about 385 to 374 million years ago ) .
Megalocytivirus is the most recently added genus .
Parvanachis obesa , common name the fat dovesnail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae , the dove snails .
Streptomyces chattanoogensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Tennessee in the USA .
Ipomopsis polyantha is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Pagosa ipomopsis , Pagosa skyrocket and Archuleta County standing - cypress .
The Hesperocyoninae are a subfamily of extinct canids .
Eumorpha ( meaning `` well formed '' ) is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family .
The Torrey pine , Pinus torreyana , is a rare pine species in the United States , an endangered species growing only on the Torrey Pines State Natural Reserve , a bluff above the Pacific Ocean , and on one of the Channel Islands , endemic to the coastal sage and chaparral ecoregion in the U.S. state of California .
Ingerophrynus macrotis is a toad species of the family Bufonidae , which is found throughout most of monsoonal mainland Southeast Asia and in northeast India .
Coelopleurus is a genus of echinoids .
Manchurochelys is an extinct genus of turtle in the order Paracryptodira .
Beltanodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lobe - finned fish which lived during the Triassic period .
Cyprinion acinaces acinaces is a subspecies of Cyprinion acinaces .
Gentiana bavarica , common name Bavarian gentian , is a herbaceous perennial species of flowering plant in the Gentian family Gentianaceae .
The Weymouthiidae are an extinct family of eodiscinid agnostid trilobites .
The Tubariaceae is a family of basidiomycete fungi described by Alfredo Vizzini in 2008 .
Asartodes zapateri is a species of snout moth in the genus Asartodes .
Tegastidae is a family of copepods , which are characterised by having laterally compressed bodies ( resembling that of an amphipod ) , a claw - like mandible in the nauplius stage , and by a modified male genital complex .
Partula planilabrum as a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
The planarian Dugesia is a well - known representative of class Turbellaria .
Gastrochaenidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs in the unassigned Euheterodonta .
Kniphofia nana is a plant species in the genus Kniphofia .
Triprion spatulatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico .
Niphargobates is a genus of amphipod crustaceans containing two species from European caves .
Diospyros is a genus of over 700 species of deciduous and evergreen trees , shrubs and small bushes .
Tropidosuchus is an extinct genus of carnivorous archosauriform from the Middle Triassic period ( Anisian to Ladinian stage ) .
Adeorbis elegans is a species of very small sea snail with a translucent shell , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tornidae .
Tetraneuris ivesiana is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family , known by the common name Ives ' fournerved daisy .
Carabus monticola is a species of beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in France , Italy , and Switzerland .
Rhomboteuthis lehmani is an extinct species of squid , currently the only described member of its genus .
Surcossus perlaris is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Surcossus .
Pelagophyceae is a class of heterokont algae .
†Omalaxidae is an extinct family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Penicillium cavernicola is a psychrotolerant fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which is found in cool caves .
Rhinotitan ( Giant Snout ) is an extinct genus of brontothere from the Eocene of China .
Barnardichthys fulvomarginata is a species of sole endemic to the coasts of South Africa .
Rhododendron thomsonii ( 半圆叶杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to northern India , Bhutan , Nepal , Sikkim , and southern Xizang in China , where it grows at altitudes of 3000 - -4000 meters .
Eimeriidae is a family of Apicomplexa .
Coelopoeta is a genus of small moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea .
Leptynia attenuata is a species of stick insect from Heteronemiidae family which is endemic to Portugal .
Gigantorhynchus is a genus of parasitic worm , from the family Gigantorhynchida .
Hybognathus nuchalis , the Mississippi silvery minnow is a species of fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Carcineretidae is a prehistoric family of heterotrematan crustaceans .
Myopopone castanea is a species of ant in the genus Myopopone .
Chlorophthalmus is a genus of greeneyes
Fritillaria taipaiensis is a Chinese plant species of the lily family .
Cardiopteridaceae is a eudicot family of flowering plants .
Sapheneutis camerata is a bagworm species in the genus Sapheneutis .
Saitoella complicata is a rare fungus that is one of the nearest relatives of S. pombe , a widely used model species .
Archocentrus is a genus of cichlid fishes from Central America .
The genus Aptenodytes ( from the Ancient Greek a/α ' without ' pteno-/πτηνο- `` feather '' or `` wing '' and dytes/δυτης `` diver '' ) contains two extant species of penguins collectively known as `` the great penguins '' .
The European spadefoot toads are a family of frogs , the Pelobatidae , with only one extant genus Pelobates , containing four species .
Xylococcus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the heath family which contains the single species Xylococcus bicolor , the mission manzanita .
Alaba martensi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Litiopidae .
Psydrax odorata , known as alaheʻe in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering shrub or small tree in the coffee family , Rubiaceae .
The Orussidae or the parasitic wood wasps represent a small family of sawflies ( `` Symphyta '' ) .
Ophiclinops hutchinsi , the Earspot snakeblenny , is a species of clinid native to reefs with seagrass or weed growth at depths of from 13 to 15 metres ( 43 to 49 ft ) along the coast of southern Australia .
The Trefle Gros , ( Tadehagi triquetrum ) , is a species of flowering plant in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Turbinella angulata , common name the West Indian chank shell or Lamp Shell , is a species of very large tropical sea snail with a gill and an operculum , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae .
Crataegus fluviatilis is a species of hawthorn similar to C. flabellata and to C. macrosperma .
Tagetes microglossa is a Mesoamerican species of marigolds in the sunflower family .
Synodontis macrophthalmus is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Ghana where it occurs in the Volta River basin .
Calamagrostis breweri is a species of grass known by the common name shorthair reedgrass .
The Caliciaceae are a family of mostly lichen - forming fungi belonging to the class Lecanoromycetes in the division Ascomycota .
Odontoglossum blandum , the Charming Odontoglossum , is a species of orchid found from Ecuador to Peru .
Meek 's pygmy parrot ( Micropsitta meeki ) , also known as the yellow - breasted pigmy parrot , is a species of small parrot in the Psittacidae family .
Heliamphora elongata ( Latin : elongare = elongated ) is a species of marsh pitcher plant endemic to the Ilu--
Pseudaelara sellaemontis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pseudaelara .
Millettia stuhlmannii , commonly known as panga panga , is a well - known species of timber tree that is native to the southeastern Afrotropics .
Cyathea elongata is a species of tree fern native to Venezuela and Colombia , where it grows in montane areas at an altitude of 2000 - 3000 m. The trunk is erect and up to 11 m tall .
Palaeolagus ( ' ancient hare ' ) is an extinct genus of lagomorph .
Burkholderia tuberum is a species of bacteria that is capable of symbiotic nitrogen fixation with the legume Aspalathus carnosa .
Cyathea glaberrima is a species of tree fern endemic to the D'Entrecasteaux Islands , specifically Fergusson Island and Goodenough Island , where it grows in mossy forest at an altitude of 900 - -1,400 m ( 3,000 - -4,600 ft ) .
Scolopendra abnormis ( Serpent Island centipede ) is a species of centipede in the family Scolopendridae that is endemic to Mauritius .
Carpilius corallinus or Batwing Coral Crab is a species of crab .
Penicillium pimiteouiense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from sandy beach soil from the Penang Island in Peninsular Malaysia .
Spirostreptida is an order of long , cylindrical millipedes .
Hyperolius atrigularis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family .
Zygopetalum crinitum is a species of orchid native to southeastern and southern Brazil and grows at elevations of 600 to 1200 meters .
Gymnopilus abramsii is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae .
Chorizanthe howellii is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names Mendocino spineflower and Howell 's spineflower .
Paraschistura is a genus of stone loaches most of which occur in Central , South and Western Asia .
Michelia punduana is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family .
Agelenopsis is a genus of spiders , known as American grass spiders .
Ammi visnaga is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by many common names , including toothpick - plant , toothpickweed , bisnaga , and khella .
Adenophyllum wrightii is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names San Felipe dogweed , San Felipe dyssodia and Wright 's dogweed .
Ammodytes is a genus of sand lances native to the northern oceans .
Papilio antonio is a member of the fuscus species - group .
Peperomia rubella is a plant species in the Piperaceae family , endemic to Jamaica .
Micrurus browni , commonly known as Brown 's coral snake , is a species of venomous elapid snake native to southwestern Mexico and Guatemala .
Callicarpa mollis is a species of beautyberry that is cultivated and grown in gardens and parks as ornamental plant .
Zephyranthes refugiensis , the Refugio zephyrlily , is a rare plant species known from only two counties in southern Texas ( Goliad and Refugio ) .
Pseudacanthicus fordii is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname where it occurs in the coastal river drainages .
Acropora awi is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Wallace and Wolstenholme in 1998 .
Symplocos is a genus of flowering plants in the order Ericales .
Trigodon gaudryi is an extinct species of the family Toxodontidae , a large bodied notoungulate which inhabited South America during the Miocene living from 11.61 - -7.25 Ma and existed for approximately 4.36 million years .
Parhippopsis columbiana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parhippopsis .
Xanthophyllum sulphureum is a species of plant in the family Polygalaceae .
Holdenius is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm fish which lived during the Late Devonian period .
The Kashmir gray langur ( Semnopithecus ajax ) is an Old World monkey , one of the species of langurs .
Austrolittorina cincta is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles , found in New Zealand .
Callimantis is a genus of mantis of the family Mantidae consisting of only one species , Callimantis antillarum .
Partulina crassa was a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae .
Kalyptatherina helodes , the marine sailfin silverside is a species of sailfin silverside endemic to Indonesia , where it is only known from mangrove swamps around Misool and Batanta Islands .
Agyneta pseudorurestris is a species of sheet weaver found in Portugal , Spain , Cyprus , Sardinia , Algeria , Tunisia and Israel .
Zonitoides excavatus is a European species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Gastrodontidae .
Saxifraga paniculata ( also known by the English common names alpine saxifrage , encrusted saxifrage , lifelong saxifrage , lime - encrusted saxifrage , livelong saxifrage , White Mountain saxifrage , and silver saxifrage ) is a species of saxifrage native to the United States , Europe and Asia .
The Indochinese box turtle , Vietnamese box turtle , or flowerback box turtle ( Cuora galbinifrons ) is a species of Asian box turtles from China ( Hainan and Guangxi ) , northern and central Vietnam , Laos , and possibly northeastern Cambodia .
Scartella caboverdiana is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic ocean , around Cape Verde .
The Sumba green pigeon ( Treron teysmannii ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Qianosuchus is an extinct genus of aquatic archosaur from the middle Triassic ( Anisian ) Guanling Formation of Pan County , China .
Gyalopion canum , commonly known as the Western hooknose snake , is a species of small colubrid snake endemic to the United States and Mexico .
Atheris squamigera , common names green bush viper , variable bush viper , leaf viper , and others , is a venomous viper species endemic to west and central Africa .
The Actinidiaceae are a small family , the Chinese gooseberry family , of plants .
Burkholderia terricola is a species of bacteria in the phylum Proteobacteria .
Abaraeus cuneatus is a species beetle in Cerabycidae family which can be found in Grand Batanga , Cameroon .
Caecorhamdella brasiliensis is a species of fish in the Pimelodidae family .
Archachatina knorri is a species of large air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae .
Eimeria is a genus of apicomplexan parasites that includes various species capable of causing the disease coccidiosis in cattle and poultry , among other animals .
Chaetomitrium elegans is a moss species in the genus Chaetomitrium .
Ramphotyphlops exocoeti ( also known as Christmas Island blind snake ) is a blind snake species endemic to Christmas Island .
Vappodes is a genus of orchids from Indonesia , New Guinea and Australia .
Vulpia myuros , the annual fescue , or rat's - tail fescue , is an annual grass species of the genus Vulpia .
Juraphyllitidae is a family of Lower Triassic phylloceratin ammonites from Europe , North Africa , and Asia characterized by narrow , evolutely coiled shells , usually with coarse ventral ribbing on the body chamber .
Eriogonum gracilipes is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name White Mountains buckwheat .
Triodopsis tridentata , common name the northern three - tooth or northern threetooth , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae .
Adenaria is a monotypic genus of plants in the family Lythraceae containing the single species Adenaria floribunda .
Pteridophyllum racemosum is a species of flowering plant endemic to Japan .
Parancistrus is a small genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America .
Sphaerocarpales is an order of plants within the liverworts .
Euchorthippus declivus , the `` sharp - tailed grasshopper , '' is a species of short - horned grasshoppers belonging to the family Acrididae , subfamily Gomphocerinae .
Eurymorion is a genus of sheet weavers .
In taxonomy , Tetrabaena is a genus of green algae , specifically of the Tetrabaenaceae .
Serapias is a genus of terrestrial orchids that can be found all over southern Europe to Asia Minor .
Crenicichla strigata is a species of cichlid native to the southern tributaries of the Amazon River basin in Brazil and Guyana .
Hulsea vestita is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pumice alpinegold .
Agyneta pseudosaxatilis is a species of sheet weaver found in Russia and Kazakhstan .
Fucus gardneri is a species of seaweed , a brown alga living on the littoral shore of the Pacific coasts of North America .
Samolus repens is a species of water pimpernel native to Australia , New Zealand and near - by Pacific islands , and South America ( South Chile ) , where it is common in temperate and subtropic coastlines .
Solidago decurrens is an Asian species of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Pterynotus tripterus , common name : the three - winged murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Streptomyces harbinensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from roots of the soybean Glycine max in Harbin in the Heilongjiang province in China .
Rhinotyphlops boylei , commonly known as Boyle 's beaked blind snake , is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family .
Obliquogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Indian Ocean and the northwestern Pacific Ocean .
Polystichum imbricans is a species of fern known by the common names narrowleaf swordfern and imbricate sword fern .
Mermithidae is a family of nematode worms that are endoparasites in arthropods .
Lupinus truncatus is a species of lupine known by the common name collared annual lupine .
Caulkicephalus is a genus of pterosaur , belonging to the Pterodactyloidea , from the Isle of Wight off the coast of England .
Pelobacter venetianus is a species of bacteria that degrades polyethylene glycol .
Caloplaca obamae is a species of lichen in the fungus genus Caloplaca .
Diadophis punctatus regalis , commonly known as the regal ringneck snake , is a subspecies of ringneck snake endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
Guaiacum sanctum , commonly known as Holywood or Holywood Lignum - vitae , is a species of flowering plant in the creosote bush family , Zygophyllaceae .
Atrophaneura sycorax is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found from South Burma to Peninsular Malaysia , and in Sumatra and West Java .
Brachyelytrum is a genus of North American and East Asian plants in the grass family , classified in its own tribe Brachyelytreae .
Hippomane spinosa is a plant species in the Euphorbiaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753 .
The Sri Lanka bush warbler is a skulky species which can very difficult to see .
Tabanus darimonti is a Mediterranean species of biting horse - fly .
It is the only described member of the genus Mysanthus , though there is a report of an undescribed species .
Apatemyidae is an extinct family of placental mammals that took part in the first placental evolutionary radiation together with other early mammals such as the leptictids .
Appalachia arcana is a species of grasshopper in the family Acrididae .
Stachys byzantina ( syn . S. lanata ; lamb's - ear or woolly hedgenettle ) is a species of Stachys , native to Turkey , Armenia , and Iran .
Locustellidae is a newly recognized family of small insectivorous songbirds ( `` warblers '' ) , formerly placed in the Old World warbler `` wastebin '' family .
Oroya is a genus of cacti ( family Cactaceae ) , originating from Peru .
Spoonwings or Nemopteridae are a family of neuropteran insects .
Sinopterus ( meaning `` Chinese wing '' ) was a genus of tapejarid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Aptian - age Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Chaoyang , Liaoning , China .
Laytonia is an extinct genus of prehistoric halosaur that lived in deep water off the North American Pacific Coast from the Zemorrian Epoch ( comprising either the latest Oligocene or lower Miocene ) until during the Upper Miocene subepoch , when tectonic uplift effectively destroyed the genus ' habitat by making the deep water too shallow .
Tillandsia bulbosa , the bulbous airplant , is a species in the genus Tillandsia .
Micrixalus kodayari , also known as the kodayar dancing frog , is a newly described species of frog in the Micrixalidae family .
Coupatezia is a prehistoric genus of ray whose fossils are found in strata dating from the Maastrichtian stage until the last species ' extinction during the Middle Eocene .
Gloxinia perennis is a species of tropical rhizomatous herbaceous flowering plant belonging to the family Gesneriaceae .
Milacidae is a family of air - breathing , keeled , land slugs .
Drakaea gracilis , commonly known as slender hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south -- west of Western Australia .
Mimothelais fruhstorferi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimothelais .
Osteopelta ceticola is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Osteopeltidae .
Anacamptis laxiflora ( lax - flowered orchid , loose - flowered orchid , or green - winged meadow orchid ) is a species of orchid .
Pachyagrotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidea family .
Haplosyllis spongicola , the sponge worm , is a species of polychaete worm in the family Syllidae .
Europelta is an extinct genus of struthiosaurine nodosaurid dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous ( early Albian stage ) lower Escucha Formation of Teruel Province , northeastern Spain .
Astragalus australis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Indian milkvetch .
Hemilampra is a genus of hoverflies
Richardsonichthys leucogaster , the Whiteface waspfish , is a species of waspfish native to reefs of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Bonapartia pedaliota , the Longray Fangjaw , is a species of bristlemouth found in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans .
Eimeria tenella is a species of Eimeria that causes hemorrhagic cecal coccidiosis in young poultry .
Rubus curtipes , the shortstalk dewberry , is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Aeolidioidea is a superfamily of sea slugs , the aeolid nudibranchs .
Algeripithecus is an extinct genus of early fossil primate , weighing approximately 65 to 85 grams ( 2.3 to 3.0 oz ) .
The Cordycipitaceae are a family of parasitic fungi in the Ascomycota , class Sordariomycetes .
Euroschinus falcatus ( sometimes spelled Euroschinus falcata ) is a species of tree in the Anacardiaceae family .
Sturisomatichthys citurensis is a species of armored catfish of the family Loricariidae endemic to Panama where it occurs in the Tuira and Bayano River basins .
Capperia browni is a species of moth in the genus Capperia , known from Mexico .
Tabanus sudeticus also known as the dark giant horsefly is a species of biting horse - fly .
Pentaedrusaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Early Triassic of China .
Cryptochloa is a genus of Neotropical plants in the grass family , widespread across much of Mexico , Central America , and South America .
Carya texana is an endangered species in southwestern Indiana .
The Amoebidae are a family of Amoebozoa , including naked amoebae that produce multiple pseudopodia of indeterminate length .
Guaiacum officinale , commonly known as roughbark lignum - vitae , guaiacwood or gaïacwood , is a species of tree in the caltrop family , Zygophyllaceae , that is native to the Caribbean and the northern coast of South America .
The common torrent hawk , ( Epophthalmia vittata ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Macromiidae .
Omoglymmius regius is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae .
Yucca baileyi is a relatively small species , usually acaulescent but sometimes with a short leafy stem .
Afrocarpus falcatus ( syn . Podocarpus falcatus ) is a species of tree in the family Podocarpaceae .
Panzerina is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae first described in 1982 .
Mystacoleucus is a genus of cyprinid fishes that are found in Southeast Asia .
Pseudocuma longicorne is a marine species of cumacean in the family Pseudocumatidae .
Metoecis carnifex is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Metoecis .
Pollenia rudis , the common cluster fly , is a species of fly in the family Calliphoridae .
Anomia trigonopsis , also known as the New Zealand jingle , is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Anomiidae , the anomiids .
Doronicum plantagineum , the plantain - leaved leopard's - bane or plantain false leopardbane , is a European plant species in the sunflower family .
Bignonia binata is a flowering plant species in the genus Bignonia .
Monardella douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Douglas ' monardella .
Aloe affinis is a species of aloe plant , endemic to Limpopo , Gauteng , and Mpumalanga , of South Africa .
Maniltoa grandiflora is a species of plant in the legume family ( Fabaceae ) .
Chamonixia pachydermis , is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family , found in New Zealand .
Cryptocheilus elegans is a spider wasp species in the genus Cryptocheilus found in Europe .
Heterotaxis is a genus of orchids native to Latin America from central Mexico to Bolivia , and also to parts of the West Indies .
Orthocarpus imbricatus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name mountain owl's - clover .
Diaporthe is a genus of endophytic filamentous fungus plant pathogens .
Lyginopteris is a genus of Late Carboniferous seed fern that was sometimes parasitized .
Erosaria helvola , common name : the honey cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
The Day 's Cymbidium ( Cymbidium dayanum ) is a species of orchid , also known as the Phoenix Orchid or Tree Orchid .
Alcithoe knoxi is a species of deepwater sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Qingxiusaurus is a genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Guangxi , China .
Orthotylus divisus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that can be found in Greece , Spain , and on islands such as Sardinia , Sicily , and Canary Islands .
Tristachya ( common name Trident grasses ) is a genus of African and Latin American plants in tribe Tristachyideae within the grass family .
It contains only one species , Apsidophora purpurorbis , which is found in Thailand , the Malay Peninsula , Sumatra and New Guinea .
Conus tessulatus , common name the tessellated cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Berryteuthis anonychus , also known as the minimal armhook squid or smallfin gonate squid , is a species of squid in the family Gonatidae .
It contains only one species , Mersa metochia , which is found on Seram .
Isocoma humilis , common names Zion goldenbush or Zion jimmyweed , is a rare North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Hyloxalus idiomelus ( Rivero 's rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
Houlletia odoratissima is a species of orchid that occurs in the Andes from Panama to Bolivia .
Amblycheila cylindriformis is a species of flightless tiger beetle .
Eucalyptus × tetragona is a hybrid species in the genus Eucalyptus .
Tachypeles rossii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Paussinae in the genus Tachypeles .
Aulactinia verrucosa , the gem anemone , is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae .
Melica macra is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Argentina , Brazil , and Uruguay .
Paleopanax is an extinct genus of flowering plant in the Ginseng family , Araliaceae , containing the single species Paleopanax oregonensis .
Chelodina insculpta is an extinct species of snake - necked turtle that was described in 1897 from material gathered in Darling Downs , Queensland , Australia , restricted .
Yingshanosaurus ( meaning `` Yingshan or Golden Hills reptile '' ) is a genus of quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur from the Late Jurassic , around 155 million years ago .
Tentaculita is an extinct class of uncertain placement ranging from the Early Ordovician to the Middle Jurassic .
Guancha camura is a species of calcareous sponge from Norway .
Xylotoles costatus , the Pitt Island longhorn beetle , is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae .
Protepicyon contains one species :
Guancha pulcherrima is a species of calcareous sponge from Australia
Bosellia mimetica is a species of sea slug , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Boselliidae .
Dictyna civica is spider species found in Europe , North Africa , Turkey and North America .
Oncocnemis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered a synonym of Sympistis
Conus purpurascens , common name the purple cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Ziziphus mauritiana , also known as Chinese date , ber , Chinee apple , jujube , Indian plum , Regi pandu , Indian jujube and masau , is a tropical fruit tree species belonging to the family Rhamnaceae .
Luciliocline is a genus of flowering plants in the pussy's - toes tribe with the daisy family .
Dawsonicyon is an extinct genus of basal carnivoramorphan which existed in Wyoming , USA , during the middle Eocene .
Rhagadiolus is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family , native to the Mediterranean region of southern Europe , northern Africa , and the Middle East .
Appendicula calcarata is a species of orchid that can be found on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia and Malaysia , from elevations of 700 - -1,300 m. It can be found in lower riverine montane forests , and it flowers from July--
Anomaloglossus shrevei ( common name : Shreve 's rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Theretairus is a Late Jurassic genus of sphenodont reptile from the Morrison Formation of western North America , present in stratigraphic zones 5 and 6 .
Brunneria gracilis is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina , Brazil , Paraguay , Uruguay , and Venezuela .
Amorphoscelis austrogermanica is a species of praying mantis found in Namibia , KwaZulu - Natal , Transvaal , and East Africa .
Solenogyne is a genus of Australian plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family .
Ventrifossa is a genus of rattails in the family Macrouridae .
Monodactylidae is a family of perciform bony fish commonly referred to as monos , moonyfishes or fingerfishes .
It belongs to the advanced harpaline assemblage , and if these are circumscribed sensu lato as a single subfamily , Pterostichinae are downranked to a tribe Pterostichini .
Woodwardia areolata ( netted chain fern ) is a species of fern native to eastern North America .
Ilex tarapotina is a species of holly used in northern Peru to make a special type of maté known as `` té o '' maté '' which is said to produce unknown effects .
Rondonacara hoehnei is a species of cichlid fish of the subfamily Cichlinae .
Lirularia succincta , common name the tucked lirularia , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Nanohaloarchaea is a class of archaea .
Evodianthus is a genus of plants first described as a genus in 1857 .
Amblyodipsas teitana , or the Teitana purple - glossed snake , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family .
Hypericum hartwegii is a species of shrub in the family Hypericaceae .
Saranthe is a genus of plants native to Brazil and Paraguay , described as a genus in 1861 .
Salea horsfieldii , commonly known as Horsfield 's spiny lizard or the Nilgiri salea , is a species of agamid , which is endemic to the Nilgiri Hills of India .
Pontosmilus is a genus of machairodontine saber - toothed cats .
Tityus pococki is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae .
Nepagyrtes piriana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Nepagyrtes .
Bothrops jararacussu , commonly known in English as the jararacussu , is a venomous pit viper species endemic to South America .
Deinandra palmeri is a rare North American species of plants in the tarweed tribe within the ( sunflower family ) .
Drosophila sechellia is a species of fruit fly , used in lab studies of speciation because can mate with Drosophila simulans .
Verbascum bugulifolium is a species of Verbascum native to Bulgaria and western Turkey .
Kenneth 's white - toothed rat ( Berylmys mackenziei ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Boiga dightoni , commonly known as the Pirmad cat snake or the Travancore cat snake , is a species of rear - fanged colubrid endemic to the Western Ghats of India .
Erigeron religiosus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Clear Creek fleabane .
Trifolium beckwithii is a species of clover known by the common name Beckwith 's clover .
Sinotyrannus ( meaning `` Chinese tyrant '' ) is a genus of large basal proceratosaurid dinosaur , a relative of tyrannosaurids which flourished in North America and Asia during the Jurassic and early Cretaceous periods .
Horkelia sericata is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names silky horkelia and Howell 's horkelia .
The genus Nelepsittacus consists of four extinct parrot species and is closely related to the genus Nestor .
Selineae is the Angelica or Arracacia clade or tribe of the family Apiaceae .
Chromolaena geraniifolia ( geraniumleaf thoroughwort ) , is a West Indian species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family .
Psaltoda flavescens , commonly known as the golden knight , is a species of cicada native to Queensland in eastern Australia .
Bartonella japonica is a species of proteobacteria in the genus Bartonella .
Cetopsidium pemon is a species of whale catfish found in the Caroni River and the Caura River basins , southern tributaries of the Orinoco in eastern Venezuela , the Meta River basin of the western portions of the Orinoco system in eastern Colombia , and the upper portions of the Branco River in northern Brazil .
The Glossosomatidae are a family of the class Insecta and order Trichoptera . The family contains 23 genera in three subfamilies .
Phippsia is a genus of Arctic and alpine plants in the grass family .
Mormodes atropurpurea is a species of orchid native to Panama , Venezuela , and Brazil .
Erquitaia is a poorly known genus of prehistoric galeomorph shark whose fossils are found in rocks dating from the Maastrichtian stage .
Kiwa puravida is a species of deep - sea dwelling decapod , a member of the genus Kiwa , a genus of animals sometimes informally known as `` yeti crabs '' .
Rahiolisaurus is a genus of abelisaurid theropod dinosaur which existed in India during the Late Cretaceous period .
Inape circumsetae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Colombia .
Paramischocyttarus is a small afrotropical and palearctic Zethus - like genus of potter wasps .
Oeceoclades pandurata is a terrestrial and epiphytic orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is native to eastern Zimbabwe and Madagascar .
Clinus robustus , the Robust klipfish , is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean around South Africa where it can be found in the subtidal zone in areas with plentiful seaweed growth .
Algia is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae found in southeast Asia . The genus ranges from Burma to New Guinea .
Eusparassus dufouri is a species of huntsman spider found in the Western Mediterranean Basin , Portugal and Spain .
Dysoneuridae is an extinct family of insect in the order Trichoptera .
Xyris difformis , the bog yelloweyed grass , is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow - eyed - grass family .
Harpa costata , common name the ribbed harp , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae , the harp snails .
Takakia lepidozioides is a species of moss in the Takakiaceae family , one of two species of Takakia .
The Hymenophyllaceae ( filmy ferns and bristle ferns ) is a family of two or more genera and over 600 species of ferns , with a subcosmopolitan distribution , but generally restricted to very damp places or to locations where they are wetted by spray from waterfalls or springs .
Hazardia detonsa is a rare species of shrub in the daisy family known by the common name island bristleweed .
Impatiens meruensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae .
Athericidae is a small family of flies known as water snipe flies or ibis flies .
Kronosaurus ( /ˌkrɒnoʊˈsɔrəs/ KRON - o - SAWR - əs ; meaning `` lizard of Kronos '' ) is an extinct genus of short - necked pliosaur .
Carlephyton glaucophyllum is a species of arum endemic to Madagascar .
Helicostyla smargadina is a species of small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae .
Even though the Siberian chipmunk normally grows to 50 - -150 grams , this species is relatively small compared to other Sciuridae , such as the Red Squirrel .
Gyraulus crista , commonly called the Nautilus ramshorn , is a minute species of freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Stachyridopsis is a genus of bird in the Timaliidae family .
Clara 's echymipera ( Echymipera clara ) , or Clara 's spiny bandicoot or white - lipped bandicoot , is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae .
Ancistrus temminckii is a species of armoured suckermouth catfish in the family Loricariidae of order Siluriformes .
Antirrhinum subbaeticum is a species of plant in the Plantaginaceae family .
Liuixalus ocellatus ( common names ocellated bubble - nest frog and ocellated small treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Podoserpula pusio , commonly known as the pagoda fungus , is a species of fungus in the family Amylocorticiaceae .
Leptachatina lepida is a species of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae .
Babesiosoma is a genus of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexia .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Scepastocarpus peritheciiformis .
Westringia eremicola , commonly known as slender westringia or slender western rosemary , is a flowering plant species that is endemic to south - eastern Australia It is a slender shrub growing to 1.5 metres high .
Crataegus nigra , the Hungarian thorn or Hungarian hawthorn , is a black - fruited species of hawthorn native to Czechoslovakia , Hungary , Albania and Yugoslavia .
Sason colemani is a species of barychelid trapdoor spiders that has only been found in a natural swamp in the Botanical Gardens in Cairns , Queensland .
Grant 's bushbaby ( Galagoides granti ) , also known as Grant 's lesser bushbaby or the Mozambique lesser bushbaby is a species of primate in the family Galagidae .
Calathea warscewiczii is a species of evergreen , perennial , herbaceous plant in the Marantaceae family , endemic to Costa Rica and Nicaragua .
Rhododendron bureavii is a rhododendron species native to western Sichuan and northern Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 2800 - -4500 meters .
Achatina reticulata is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae , the giant African snails .
Caenagnathus ( ' recent jaw ' ) is a genus of caenagnathid oviraptorosaurian dinosaur from the late Cretaceous ( Campanian ; ~75 million years ago ) .
Megalochelys is an extinct genus of cryptodiran turtle which lived from the Miocene to Pleistocene , across Asia and possibly East Europe .
Argyrodes lepidus is a species of tangle web spider in the genus Argyrodes
Odorrana hainanensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that might be endemic to Hainan Island , China ; there is one record from Guangxi .
Berberis andrieuxii is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1838 .
Colus hirudinosus is a species of stinkhorn fungus found in Asia , Australia , northern Africa , and southern Europe .
Drosera intermedia , commonly known as the oblong - leaved sundew , spoonleaf sundew , or spatulate leaved sundew , is an insectivorous plant species belonging to the sundew genus .
Asplenium virens is a species of fern in the family Aspleniaceae .
Sporobolus airoides is a species of grass known by the common name alkali sacaton .
The Pavoraja nitida ( Peacock skate ) is a species of fish in Rajidae family .
Taxus wallichiana , the Himalayan yew , is a species of yew , native to the Himalaya and parts of south - east Asia .
Vagaceratops ( meaning `` wandering ( vagus , Latin ) horned face '' , in reference to its close relationship with Kosmoceratops from Utah ) is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur .
Agyneta kopetdaghensis is a species of sheet weaver found in Iran and Turkmenistan .
Pterolepis glomerata , the false meadowbeauty , is a plant species in the family Melastomataceae .
Carex mckittrickensis , the Guadalupe Mountain sedge , is a species of sedge endemic to Guadalupe Mountains National Park in western Texas .
Callionymus draconis is a species of dragonet native to temperate regions of the Indian and Pacific oceans around Japan and western Australia where it occurs at depths of around 138 metres ( 453 ft ) .
Acanthemblemaria harpeza is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Navassa Island , in the western central Atlantic ocean .
The type species is Nasutoceratops titusi .
Lycodon tiwarii , commonly known as the Andaman wolf snake , is a species of colubrid snake found in the Andaman Islands of India .
Erigone aletris is a spider species found in the USA , Canada , Scotland and Italy .
Lanistes bicarinatus is a species of large freshwater snail in the family Ampullariidae , the apple snails .
Procaris is a genus of shrimp in the family Procarididae .
Potamocypris variegata is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae , subfamily Cypridopsinae .
The Tortricinae are the nominate subfamily of tortrix moths .
Acanthoceratidae is an extinct family of acanthoceratoid cephalopods in the order Ammonitida , known from the Upper Cretaceous .
Ventricolaria rugatina , or the queen venus clam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae .
The Chitonophilidae are a family of parasitic copepods , with these genera :
Cochylis pallidana has a wingspan of 11 - -14 mm . This species is very similar to Cochylis nana .
Vibrio vulnificus is a species of Gram - negative , motile , curved , rod - shaped ( Bacillus ) , Pathogenic bacteria of the genus Vibrio .
Solidago brachyphylla is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Dixie goldenrod .
Leptomyrmex ramorniensis is a species of ant in the genus Leptomyrmex .
Myristica is a genus of trees in the family Myristicaceae .
Gyronchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Jurassic .
Dichromanthus michuacanus , the Michuacan lady orchid , is a terrestrial species of orchid .
Sicyopterus lagocephalus , the red - tailed goby or blue stream goby , is a species of goby native to islands of the Indian Ocean from the Comoros to the Mascarene Islands to the Pacific Ocean where it reaches French Polynesia and can be found as far north as Japan .
Schefflera multinervia is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family .
Lycopus asper is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name rough bugleweed .
Piezodorus is a genus of Pentatomidae , a family of shield bugs .
Arrhopalites is a genus of springtails in the family Sminthuridae .
Oneida luniferella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oneida .
Idiosepius notoides , also known as the Southern Pygmy Squid , is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean , off southern and eastern Australia .
Astragalus oophorus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name egg milkvetch .
Magnolia globosa ( commonly known as Globe magnolia or Hen magnolia ) is a species of Magnolia native to Bhutan , southwestern China ( Sichuan , Xizang , Yunnan ) , northeastern India ( Assam , Sikkim ) , northern Myanmar - Burma , and eastern Nepal .
Sebastes ventricosus is a species of fish in the rockfish family found in the Northwest Pacific
Yanoconodon is a monotypic genus of extinct early mammal whose representative species Yanoconodon allini lived during the Mesozoic in what is now China .
Naucleopsis glabra is a South American plant species in the family Moraceae .
Panulirus echinatus , the brown spiny lobster , is a species of spiny lobster that lives on rocky reefs in the tropical western Atlantic Ocean and central Atlantic Islands .
Silene rupestris or rock campion is a plant species of the genus Silene .
Nessia burtonii , commonly known as Burton 's nessia , the three - toed snake skink , or Gray 's snake skink , is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka .
Synodontis matthesi is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Tanzania where it occurs in the Rufiji River basin .
Zombia antillarum , commonly known as the zombie palm , is a species of palm tree and the only member of the genus Zombia .
Erica capensis ( or the Cape Heath ) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town , South Africa .
Coregonus gutturosus , the Lake Constance whitefish , is an extinct species of whitefish in the salmon family Salmonidae .
Callobius severus is a species of spider found in parts of North America .
The Ranellidae , common name the triton shells or tritons , are a taxonomic family of small to very large predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Planocraniidae is an extinct family of basal crocodylian that existed during the Eocene in Asia , Europe and North America .
Penicillium cyaneum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from a oil - field .
Eurycotis is a genus of cockroaches .
Pelobates fuscus is a species of toad in the family Pelobatidae , native to an area extending from Central Europe to Western Asia .
Oxymeris senegalensis , common name : the Faval Auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
†Angrobia dulvertonensis was a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
The genus is monotypic containing the single species Ianusanta ianusi from Peru .
Leptotyphlops maximus , or the Giant blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
The sage - grouse are the two species in the bird genus Centrocercus .
Aphomia argentia is a species of snout moth in the genus Aphomia .
Eucalyptus bicostata , commonly known as southern blue gum , Victorian blue gum or eurabbie , is a eucalypt species native to Victoria and eastern New South Wales , Australia .
Neomyxine biniplicata also known as the slender hagfish is a species of hagfish endemic to New Zealand .
The Bongolava mouse lemur ( Microcebus bongolavensis ) is a species of mouse lemur endemic to Madagascar .
Henosepilachna vigintioctopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Coccinellidae .
Laminacauda newtoni is a species of sheet weaver found in Chile and Argentina .
Melindea nigrita is a species of leaf beetle native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo , observed by Jacoby in 1901 .
Cydalima perspectalis or the box tree moth is a species of moth of the family Crambidae .
Opsilia coerulescens is a gray coloured species of a beetle from family longhorn beetle , subfamily Lamiinae .
Trichomanes angustatum is a species of fern in the Hymenophyllaceae family .
Bambusa multiplex is a species of bamboo native to China ( provinces of Guangdong , Guangxi , Hainan , Hunan , Jiangxi , Sichuan , Yunnan ) , Nepal , Bhutan , Assam , Sri Lanka , Taiwan , and northern Indochina .
Eledone nigra is a little - known species of octopus described from one male and six females which were taken in Luderitz Bay , Namibia and has only been recorded subsequently in 1941 .
Acalypta hellenica is a species of bugs from Tingidae family , and Tinginae subfamily that can be found in Bosnia , Bulgaria , Canary Islands , Croatia , France , Denmark , Greece , Italy , Spain , and Ukraine .
Muzimes collaris is a species of blister beetles belonging to the family Meloidae .
Neoraimondia is a genus of medium to large cacti from Peru .
Barsine pallinflexa is a species of lichen - moths of the Erebidae family , Arctiinae subfamily .
Chloridops is an extinct genus of birds .
Beaufortia decussata was first species of Beaufortia to be described .
Myriophyllum hippuroides is a species of water milfoil known by the common name western watermilfoil .
Stenomorda fasciata is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , which is in the genus Stenomorda .
Solidago rupestris , the rock goldenrod or riverbank goldenrod , is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Ernobius abietis is a species of beetles in the genus Ernobius of the family Anobiidae .
Strategus aloeus , the ox beetle , is a species of rhinoceros beetle .
Acrosticta foveolata is a species of ulidiidae or picture - winged fly in the genus Acrosticta of the family Ulidiidae .
Triplophysa hutjertjuensis is a species of stone loach found in Mongolia and China .
Juncus nodosus is a species of rush known by the common name knotted rush .
Cyrtophora parangexanthematica is a species of tent spider found in the Philippines .
Tetragondacnus spilotus is a species of pearlfish found in the Pacific waters off of Sumatra where it has been recovered at a depth of just over 500 metres ( 1,600 ft ) .
Cercocarpus traskiae , known by the common names Santa Catalina Island mountain - mahogany and Catalina mahogany , is a rare species of plant in the rose family .
Potamonautes raybouldi is a species of freshwater crab .
Promyopias is an Afrotropical genus of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae containing the single species Promyopias silvestrii .
Rana weiningensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to China .
Catharsius gorilla is a species of African dung beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family .
Calystegia purpurata is a species of morning glory known by the common name Pacific false bindweed .
Thorius macdougalli ( common name MacDougall 's pigmy salamander ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Adetomeris is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family .
Eriophyoidea are a superfamily of herbivorous mites .
Pyrola rotundifolia or round - leaved wintergreen is a plant species of the genus Pyrola .
Erythrina burttii is a flowering plant species in the genus of Erythrina found in Kenya and Ethiopia .
Solidago petiolaris is a North American species of goldenrod commonly called the downy ragged goldenrod .
Agonum extensicolle is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Arizona , United States and Canada .
Cinetorhynchus reticulatus is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Rhynchocinetidae , known by the common name green - eye dancing shrimp or reticulated hinge - beak shrimp .
Coccocarpia is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Coccocarpiaceae family .
Diodora aspera , common name the rough keyhole limpet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets .
Penicillium coprophilum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces roquefortine C , griseofulvin and oxaline .
Taraxacum centrasiaticum is a rare and little - known species of dandelion known only from alpine meadows at an elevation of 3,400 - -3,500 m ( 11,200 - -11,500 ft ) in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of western China .
Sagartia troglodytes is a species of sea anemone in the family Sagartiidae , also known as the mud sagartia or the cave - dwelling anemone .
Ehrlichia is a genus of rickettsiales bacteria that is transmitted to vertebrates by ticks .
Berberis ( /ˈbɜːrbərɪs/ ) is a large genus of deciduous and evergreen shrubs from 1 - -5 m ( 3.3 - -16.4 ft ) tall found throughout the temperate and subtropical regions of the world ( apart from Australia ) .
Parafreoides ghanaensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parafreoides .
Drosera silvicola is a species of pygmy sundew from Western Australia .
The Holectypoida are an order of sea urchins related to the sand dollars .
Corydoras garbei is a species of catfish in the family Callichthyidae endemic to Brazil where it is found in the São Francisco River basin .
Corylus johnsonii is an extinct species of hazel known from fossil fruits found in the Klondike Mountain Formation deposits of Northern Washington State , dated to the early Eocene Ypresian stage ( 56 to 48 million years ago ) .
Amyris polymorpha is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family , Rutaceae , that is endemic to Cuba .
Hypericum crux - andreae , commonly called St. Peter's - wort , is a species of flowering plant in the Hypericaceae ( St. John 's wort ) family .
Dugesia japonica is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits the freshwater bodies of East Asia .
Micraira is the only genus of tribe Micraireae in the grass family , native to Australia .
Childrena childreni , the large silverstripe , is a species nymphalid butterfly was first described by Gray in 1831 .
Sphenotitan is an extinct genus of basal opisthodontian sphenodontian reptile known from the Late Triassic Quebrada del Barro Formation of northwestern Argentina .
Neotysonia is a genus of Australian plants in pussy's - toes tribe within the daisy family .
Erigeron watsonii is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Watson 's fleabane .
Stokesia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Stokesia laevis .
Erica cerinthoides is a species of heath native to South Africa ( the Cape Provinces , the Free State , KwaZulu - Natal , the Northern Provinces ) , Lesotho and Swaziland .
Helianthella uniflora , oneflower helianthella , is a North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Fritzolenellus is an extinct genus from a well - known class of fossil marine arthropods , the trilobites , with three known species .
The genus consists of the single species Xenoposeidon proneneukos .
Echinostelium is a genus of slime mould , and the only genus in the family Echinosteliaceae , or Echinosteliidae .
The Carrot - tail Viper Gecko ( Teratolepis fasciata ) is a species of gecko found in India and Pakistan .
Acanthognathus stipulosus is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthognathus genus .
Phidippus zethus is a species of jumping spider ( Salticidae ) native to Mexico .
Haplochromis eduardianus is a species of cichlid endemic to Uganda where it is found in Lake George , Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel .
Ericameria laricifolia is a North American species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name turpentine bush , or turpentine - brush .
Heterodontosuchus is a dubious genus of extinct phytosaur .
Microlophus peruvianus , the Peru Pacific iguana , is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Ecuador , Peru , and Chile .
Cassia aubrevillei is a legume species in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae .
Cynegetis impunctata is a species of Ladybird native to continental Europe .
The Pteromalidae are a very large family of parasitoid wasps , with some 3,450 described species in about 640 genera ( the number was greater , but many species and genera have been reduced to synonymy in recent years ) .
Anabarilius brevianalis is a species of cyprinid fish from the Jinsha River basin in China .
Amphorosteus is a dubious genus of mosasaur from the Late Cretaceous of North America .
Pusia voncoseli is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae .
Antirrhinum multiflorum ( syn . Sairocarpus multiflorus ) is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name Sierra snapdragon .
Bituminaria is small genus of perennial herbs in the bean family .
Sinezona rimuloides is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Scissurellidae , the little slit snails .
Nesodactylus was a genus of `` rhamphorhynchoid '' pterosaur from the middle - late Oxfordian age Upper Jurassic Jagua Formation of Pinar del Río , western Cuba .
The Congo serpent eagle ( Dryotriorchis spectabilis ) is a species of bird of prey in the family Accipitridae , and is placed in the monotypic genus Dryotriorchis .
Leathesia difformis , the sea potato , is a species of littoral brown algae in the class Phaeophyceae and the order Ectocarpales which is commonly attached to other seaweeds and sometimes rocks .
Aplysiopsis sinusmensalis , the Table Bay nudibranch , is a species of sacoglossan sea slug , a shell - less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hermaeidae .
It was described by Rothschild in 1916 , and contains the single species Anaphleps angustipennis , which is found on Volcan Island .
Osedax japonicus is a species of bathypelagic polychaete tube worm that lives at great depths on the seabed and is able to sustain itself on the bones of a dead whale .
Saltoposuchus is an extinct genus of small ( 1 - 1.5 m and 10 - 15 kg ) , long - tailed crocodylomorph reptile ( Sphenosuchia ) , from the Norian ( Late Triassic ) of Europe .
Pristimantis citriogaster , sometimes known as the throated robber frog , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
The primary species , Viridomys orbatus , is known from fossils found in Campanian ( Upper Cretaceous)-aged strata of the Upper Milk River Formation in Alberta , Canada .
Aethes argentilimitana , the silver - bordered aethes , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Tenuivirus is a plant virus genus , of which the type member is Rice stripe virus .
Tudorella sulcata is a species of land snail which has an operculum , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae .
Sophora chrysophylla , known as Māmane in Hawaiian , is a species of flowering plant in the pea and bean family , Fabaceae , that is endemic to Hawaii .
Penicillium glandicola is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces penitrem A , patulin , 2,4,6-trichloroanisole and roquefortine C
Senecio crassissimus is a species of the genus Senecio , family Asteraceae and endemic to Madagascar .
Yantaromyrmex is an extinct genus of ants first described in 2013 .
Hectopsyllidae is a small family of fleas , containing only the chigoe fleas and the sticktight fleas .
Acca lanuginosa is a species of shrub in the Myrtaceae family , related to feijoa .
Acetes is a genus of small , krill - like prawns .
Lomatium dissectum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name fernleaf biscuitroot .
Crepis vesicaria is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family with the common name beaked hawk's - beard .
Cystiscidae is a taxonomic family of minute sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks .
Melapedalion breve , the Philippine snubnose halfbeak , is a species of halfbeak .
The Anchariidae are a family of catfishes containing two genera , Ancharius and Gogo with 6 species .
Gibbaeum heathii is a species of succulent plant in the Gibbaeum genus , endemic to South Africa .
Caymanabyssiidae is a family of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Lorius is a genus of lorikeet in the parrot family Psittaculidae .
Allium geyeri is a North American species of onion widespread in the western United States and in western Canada .
Hydrostachys imbricata is a species of aquatic flowering plant in the genus Hydrostachys .
Trillium gracile , common names Sabine River wakerobin , slender trillium or graceful trillium , is a plant species native to the region along the Sabine River in western Louisiana and eastern Texas .
Rhacophorus dorsoviridis ( green - back treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family that is found in northern Vietnam and southern China ( Yunnan ) .
Schiedea lydgatei is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Kamalo Gulch schiedea and Pacific schiedea .
Diguetia canities , commonly called the desert bush spider is a species of coneweb spider found in desert and semidesert habitats in the United States from California eastward to Oklahoma and Texas .
Brochiloricaria chauliodon is a species of armored catfish endemic to Argentina where it is found in the Rio de la Plata Basin .
Kabirmys is an extinct genus of anomaluroid ( scaly - tailed flying squirrel ) rodent from the earliest late Eocene of the Birket Qarun Formation from northern Egypt .
Masracetus ( from Arabic Masr , `` Egypt '' , and Greek ketos , `` whale '' ) is an extinct genus of basilosaurid ancient whale known from the Late Eocene ( Priabonian , 37.2 to 33.9 million years ago ) of Egypt .
Loxa is an insect genus in the large family of shield bugs .
Imperator luteocupreus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to southern Europe , where it is found under chestnut ( Castanea ) .
Rhacophorus yinggelingensis ( Yinggeling treefrog ) is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae endemic to Hainan Island , China .
Colymbiculus is an extinct genus of loon found in Eocene Novopskov , Ukraine .
Ctenisolabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Brachylabinae .
Ichthyophis pseudangularis is a species of caecilian endemic to Sri Lanka .
Olyra latifolia , carrycillo , is a grass species in the Poaceae family .
Sida fallax , known as yellow ' ilima , or in Hawaiian , ʻilima , is a species of herbaceous flowering plant in the Hibiscus family , Malvaceae , that occurs on some Pacific Islands .
Phascolosomatidea is a class of peanut worms containing two orders :
Lathyrus biflorus is a rare species of wild pea known by the common name twoflower pea .
Lithodora oleifolia , the olive - leaved gromwell ( syn . Lithospermum oleifolium ) , is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae .
Pleodendron macranthum ( chupacallos ) is a rare species of tree in the Canellaceae family .
Cerapachys elegans is an ant species in the genus Cerapachys found in Australia .
Palythoa is a genus of anthozoans in the order Zoantharia .
Mendoncia mollis is a plant species in the family Acanthaceae ( or according to some specialists in the family Mendonciaceae ) .
Eucrypta is a genus of flowering plants containing only two species .
Drymophila cyanocarpa , also known as Turquoise Berry or Native Solomon 's Seal , is a species of flowering plant in the family Alstroemeriaceae .
Curculigo orchioides ( commonly called golden eye - grass , xian mao , weevil - wort , black musli , Kali musli , or Kali Musali ) is a flowering plant species in the genus Curculigo .
Pachylaena is a genus of South American flowering plants in the gerbera tribe within the daisy family .
Banksia blechnifolia is a species of prostrate shrub in the plant genus Banksia .
Oceanosuchus is a genus of pholidosaurid mesoeucrocodylian , a type of marine crocodylomorph .
Gymnodoris ceylonica is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Gymnodorididae .
Dendrobium infundibulum , the Small - funnel - lipped Dendrobium , is a species of orchid .
Sagittaria australis , the Appalachian Arrowhead or longbeak arrowhead , is a plant species native to much of the eastern part of the United States , from Louisiana to Iowa to New York State to Florida , mostly between New Jersey and Mississippi with scattered locations elsewhere in the range .
Anisus vortex is a species of small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Baroa is a genus of oriental noctuoid moths in the Erebidae family , Arctiinae subfamily .
Pellasimnia brunneiterma is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae .
Grylloblatta barberi is a species of insect in the genus Grylloblatta .
Riccia atlantica is a species of liverwort in the Ricciaceae family .
Prunus nigra , the Canada plum , Canadian plum or black plum , is a species of Prunus , native to eastern North America from Nova Scotia west to Minnesota and southeastern Manitoba , and south as far as Connecticut , Illinois , and Iowa .
Nebria peristerica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae family that can be found in Greece and Republic of Macedonia .
Architectonica perspectiva , common name the clear or perspective sundial shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Architectonicidae , which are known as the staircase shells or sundials .
The family contains the single genus Mycogelidium , which in turn contains the single species Mycogelidium sinense , found in China .
Imantodes gemmistratus is a snake species in the colubrid family , found from Mexico , through Central America and Colombia .
Sannantha similis is a flowering shrub or small tree species in the myrtle family , Myrtaceae .
Dicromantispa moronei is an extinct species of mantidfly in the neuropteran family Mantispidae known from a fossil found in the Caribbean .
Adesmiella cordipicta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Adesmiella .
Schumacheria alnifolia is a species of plant in the Dilleniaceae family .
Theocolax elegans is a parasitic wasp species in the genus Theocolax .
Plectranthus , with some 350 species , is a genus of warm - climate plants occurring largely in the southern hemisphere , in sub - Saharan Africa , Madagascar , India and the Indonesian archipelago down to Australia and some Pacific Islands .
Fissurellidae , common name the keyhole limpets and slit limpets , is a taxonomic family of limpet - like sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Vetigastropoda .
Xoes egeria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Xoes .
Clevosaurus ( CLEE - vo - SORE - us ) ( Gloucester lizard ) is an extinct genus of sphenodontian reptile from the Triassic and the Jurassic periods of Nova Scotia , Great Britain , ( C. bairdi ) and Yunnan ( C. mcgilli ) .
Patellidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails or true limpets , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Patellogastropoda .
Bifrenaria harrisoniae is a species of orchid native to Brazil .
Chabanaudia is a genus of central African lizard in the family Scincidae commonly known as skinks .
†Naricopsinidae was an extinct family of fossil operculate gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa .
The sole species is Haplocoelopsis africana .
Lecythium is a genus of testate amoebae within the Chlamydophryidae .
Himeroconcha quadrasi is a species of gastropod in the Charopidae family .
In comparing Europasaurus with Brachiosaurus , the former genus differs from the latter by having a shorter muzzle , a quadratojugal which makes contact with the squamosal , and an anteromedially flattened humerus possessing unaligned proximal and distal epiphyses .
Chicoreus brevifrons , common name the West Indian murex , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails .
Dexteria floridana was a species of fairy shrimp in the family Chirocephalidae , the only species in the genus Dexteria .
Brookesia ambreensis , also commonly known as the Amber Mountain leaf chameleon , is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar .
Cladanthus is a genus of plants in the family sunflower family , native to the Mediterranean region .
Templetonia stenophylla , commonly known as leafy templetonia , is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae .
Brodiaea filifolia , known by the common name threadleaf brodiaea , is a rare species of flowering plant in the cluster - lily genus .
Systomus jayarami is a species of cyprinid fish native to Manipur , India .
Wislizenia is a genus of flowering plants containing three recognized species native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico .
Gracilinanus is a genus of opossum in the family Didelphidae .
Russula paludosa is an edible species of mushroom within the large Russula genus .
Protocreopsis is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes .
Menoponidae is a monophyletic family of lice in the suborder / order of chewing lice , Mallophaga , often referred to as the chicken body louse family .
Menegazzia megalospora is a species of lichen from South America .
Salvia pratensis ( meadow clary or meadow sage ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae , native to Europe , western Asia and northern Africa .
Hyperolius montanus ( common name : mountain reed frog or montane reed frog ) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family .
Nogodinidae is a family of planthoppers .
Pterocalla guttulata is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Ulidiidae .
Launaea sarmentosa is a perennial herb species in the family Asteraceae .
A monotypic genus , it contains the single species Lineostroma banksiae .
Populus balsamifera , commonly called balsam poplar , bam , bamtree , eastern balsam - poplar , hackmatack , tacamahac poplar , tacamahaca , is a tree species in the balsam poplar species group in the poplar genus , Populus .
Spathopsis wissmanni is a species of bivalve in the Mutelidae family .
Adilophontes is an extinct genus of large , mostly carnivorous bone - crushing mammals known as bear dogs , of the family Amphicyonidae , endemic to North America during the Oligocene to Miocene , living from 24.8 - -20.6 Ma and existed for approximately 4.2 million years .
Tenagodus cumingii is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Siliquariidae .
Dalbergia odorifera , or fragrant rosewood ( Chinese : 降香黄檀 ; pinyin : jiàngxiāng huángtán ; literally : `` drooping fragrant dalbergia '' ) , is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Kosmoclymenia is a genus in the ammonoid order Clymeniida , in the family Kosmoclymeniidae .
Syrrhaptes is a genus of birds in the sandgrouse family .
Rhizocyon was similar to a contemporary species , Archaeocyon leptodus , from the Great Plains , but it shows a few subtle differences in the structure of the skull and dentition that indicate that Rhizocyon may be close to the ancestry of later borophagines .
Spirogyra ( common names include water silk , mermaid 's tressses , and blanket weed ) is a genus of filamentous charophyte green algae of the order Zygnematales , named for the helical or spiral arrangement of the chloroplasts that is diagnostic of the genus .
Serratia symbiotica is a species of bacteria that lives as a symbiont of aphids .
Nebria acuta is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Canada and United States , in states like Alaska , California , Oregon , and Washington .
Crellidae is a family of marine demosponges in the order Poecilosclerida .
Buddleja ramboi is a very rare Brazilian species found only infrequently in the shrubby or grassy fields of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul .
Blue Mist , ( Memecylon angustifolium ) , is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family .
The Galápagos land iguanas comprise the genus Conolophus of the Galápagos Islands .
Gulella taitensis is a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
Neopaschia flavociliata is a species of snout moth in the genus Neopaschia .
Ambrosia tomentosa , the skeletonleaf bur ragweed , silverleaf povertyweed , or skeleton - leaf bursage , is a North American species of perennial plants in the ( aster family ) .
Chilobrachys guangxiensis ( known as the `` Chinese fawn tarantula '' ) is a species of tarantula native to Southern China , in Hainan .
Phyllocephalum is a genus of Asian flowering plants in the evil tribe within the sunflower family .
Bhutanitis thaidina , commonly known as the Chinese Three - tailed Swallowtail , is a rare species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae .
Juglans venezuelensis , or Nogal de Caracas , is a species of black walnut endemic to Venezuela .
Menon 's caecilian , Uraeotyphlus menoni , is a species of caecilian found in the Western Ghats of India .
Belonogaster juncea juncea is a subspecies of Belonogaster juncea and is classified as a primitively eusocial wasp , meaning that the species is social while exhibiting a morphology that is indistinguishable from that of other castes .
Omnivoropteryx ( meaning `` omnivorous wing '' ) is a genus of primitive flying bird from the early Cretaceous Upper Jiufotang Formation of China .
Pseudochazara turkestana ( Grum - Grshimailo , 1893 ) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
The Sichuan deer ( Cervus canadensis macneilli ) also known as MacNeill 's deer is a subspecies of Wapiti native to Western China .
Tubeufia is a genus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi .
It contains a single species , Kazaklambia convincens .
Descolea is a genus of fungi in the family Bolbitiaceae .
Basiphyllaea corallicola is a species of orchid native to Florida , Bahamas , Cuba , Hispaniola , and Puerto Rico .
Artemisia carruthii , common name Carruth 's sagewort or Carruth wormwood , is a North American species of shrubs in the daisy family native to much of south - central and southwestern United States ( Nevada , Arizona , New Mexico , Utah , Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma , northern + western Texas ) .
Felimida marislae is a species of colorful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae .
Dioryctria disclusa , the webbing coneworm or rusty pine cone moth , is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae .
Exyrias akihito is a species of marine goby .
The Atlantic cod is one of three cod species in the genus Gadus along with Pacific cod and Greenland cod . A variety of fish species are colloquially known as cod though they are not strictly classified within the Gadus genus , though some are in the Atlantic cod family , Gadidae .
Guavina is a genus of sleeper gobies native to fresh , marine , and brackish waters of the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas .
Bullockia maldonadoi is a species of catfish ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Trichomycteridae , and the only species of the genus Bullockia .
Ambedus is an extinct genus of diadectid reptiliomorph .
Acanthocephala declivis is a species of North American true bugs with a range from the southern United States to Guatemala and some Caribbean islands .
Idiosepius picteti is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo - Pacific waters off eastern Indonesia .
Erika Köth ( September 15 , 1925 , Darmstadt - February 21 , 1989 , Speyer ) was a German operatic high coloratura soprano , particularly associated with the roles of Zerbinetta and Zerlina .
Judith Bettina is an American soprano particularly noted for her performances of contemporary classical music .
Janice Felty is an American operatic mezzo - soprano .
Pietro Ballo ( born October 2 , 1952 in Palermo ) , is an Italian operatic tenor singer .
Dame Eva Turner DBE ( 10 March 1892 - 16 June 1990 ) was an English dramatic soprano with an international reputation .
Geeta Novotny ( born Geeta Bhatnagar ) is an American mezzo - soprano , actor , published writer and columnist .
Stafford Dean ( born 20 June 1937 ) is a British bass opera singer .
Renato Capecchi ( born Cairo , November 6 , 1923 ; died Milan , June 30 , 1998 ) was an Italian baritone , actor , and opera director .
Irena Troupová ( Irena Troupova - Wilke ) is a Czech soprano and early music specialist .
Alaine Rodin is an American operatic soprano who has sung leading roles both in the United States and internationally .
Gunthild Weber ( 1909 -- ? ) is a German soprano , a concert singer who recorded Bach cantatas and his Mass in B minor with Fritz Lehmann .
Marie Wilt ( also Maria Vilda and Marie Liebenthaler ) ( 30 January 1833 -- 24 September 1891 ) was an Austrian dramatic coloratura soprano .
Giorgio Zancanaro ( born 9 May 1939 ) is an Italian baritone , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , especially Verdi .
Lucia Elizabeth Vestris ( January 1797 -- 8 August 1856 ) was an English actress and a contralto opera singer , appearing in works by Mozart and Rossini .
Jeanne Gerville - Réache ( 26 March 1882 -- 5 January 1915 ) was a French operatic contralto from the Belle Époque .
Marco Lazzara ( born 1962 ) is an Italian countertenor who sings a wide - ranging repertoire from baroque composers to those of the 20th century and has performed in a number of notable premieres and revivals of rarely performed operas .
Isabel Rey ( born in Valencia ) is a Spanish operatic soprano who has performed leading roles in the opera houses of Europe and appears on many recordings .
Edita Adlerová ( born 27 August 1971 ) is a Czech classical mezzo - soprano who has been active in operas , concerts , and recitals since the early 1990s .
Carlos Mena ( born 1971 , Vitoria - Gasteiz ) is a Spanish countertenor .
Deborah Riedel ( 31 July 1958 -- 8 January 2009 ) was an Australian operatic soprano .
Jami Rogers - Anderson ( born September 2 , 1970 ) is an American soprano opera singer .
Robert Rounseville ( 25 March 1914 -- 6 August 1974 ) was an American tenor , who appeared in opera , operetta , and Broadway musicals .
Natalia Rom , soprano , was born in Kazan , in the Soviet Union ( also the city of Feodor Chaliapin 's birth ) , on May 14 , 1950 , and graduated ( as a conductor ) from the Leningrad Conservatory .
Maria Callas , Commendatore OMRI ( Greek : Μαρία Κάλλας ; December 2 , 1923 -- September 16 , 1977 ) , was a Greek - American soprano , and one of the most renowned and influential opera singers of the 20th century .
Gustave Garcia ( February 1 , 1837 -- June 12 , 1925 ) was an Italian baritone opera singer and singing teacher .
Peter Hofmann ( 22 August 1944 -- 30 November 2010 ) was a German tenor who had a successful performance career within the fields of opera , rock , pop , and musical theatre .
Antonietta Marini - Rainieri was an Italian operatic soprano active during the first half of the 19th century .
Alan Opie OBE ( born 22 March 1945 , Redruth ) is a Cornish baritone , primarily known as an opera singer .
Barry Morell ( March 30 , 1927 -- December 4 , 2003 ) was an American operatic tenor , particularly associated with the Italian and French repertoire .
