Titus Andronicus is a tragedy by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written between 1588 and 1593 , probably in collaboration with George Peele .
Sultaan is a 2000 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by T L V Prasad and produced by Sangeetha Pictures , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Suvarna Mathew , Jack Gaud , Mukesh Rishi and Dharmendra in a special appearance .
Welcome , Mr. Washington is a 1944 British drama film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Barbara Mullen , Donald Stewart and Peggy Cummins .
Lucero ( Mark Anthony Fernandez ) , Vergel 's close friend and later enemy , becomes another half - snake half - human and becomes Kamandag 's mortal enemy , who names himself as Talim .
True True Lie stars Jaime King as Nathalie , Lydia Leonard as Dana and Annabelle Wallis as Paige .
Bharatha Vilas is a 1973 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan and K. R. Vijaya in the lead .
Nishkarsha ( Kannada : ನಿಷ್ಕರ್ಷ ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada language heist thriller directed by Sunil Kumar Desai , starring Vishnuvardhan , Anant Nag and B. C. Patil .
Stable Companions is a 1922 British silent sports film directed by Albert Ward and starring Clive Brook , Lillian Hall - Davis and Robert English .
Twisted Nerve is a 1968 British - American psychological thriller film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Hywel Bennett , Hayley Mills , Billie Whitelaw and Frank Finlay .
Three Nights of Love ( Italian : Tre notti d'amore ) is a 1964 drama film directed by Renato Castellani , Luigi Comencini and Franco Rossi and starring Adolfo Celi , Enrico Maria Salerno and Catherine Spaak .
Hotel for Women is a 1939 American drama film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Ann Sothern , Linda Darnell and James Ellison .
He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin ' is a 1983 documentary film directed by Emile Ardolino about Jacques d'Amboise , a noted former American ballet star who had dancing roles in such films as Seven Brides for Seven Brothers and Carousel , and who later became a New York dancing instructor .
Roseanne ( Roseanne Barr ) is a line worker at Wellman Plastics , along with her sister Jackie ( Laurie Metcalf ) and friend Crystal ( Natalie West ) .
See You Tomorrow , Everyone , in Japanese Mina - san , sayonara ( みなさん、さようなら ) is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Yoshihiro Nakamura starring Gaku Hamada .
What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice ? is a 1969 American thriller film directed by Lee H. Katzin with Bernard Girard ( uncredited ) , and starring Geraldine Page , Ruth Gordon , Rosemary Forsyth , Robert Fuller and Mildred Dunnock .
The Married Virgin ( also known as Frivolous Wives ) is a 1918 American silent drama film starring Vera Sisson , Kathleen Kirkham and Rudolph Valentino ( credited as Rodolfo di Valentini ) .
Moe Howard had fond memories of filming A Pain in the Pullman .
New Orleans Uncensored is a 1955 American crime film directed by William Castle starring Arthur Franz and Beverly Garland .
WALL - E ' ​s director Andrew Stanton acted as co - writer and executive producer on BURN - E. BURN - E was produced at the same time as WALL - E and was directed by the feature film 's lead animator , Angus MacLane .
The Love Match is a 1955 British black and white comedy film directed by David Paltenghi and starring Arthur Askey , Glenn Melvyn , Thora Hird and Shirley Eaton .
Man on High Heels ( Hangul : 하이힐 ; RR : Hai hil ; lit . `` High Heel '' ) is a 2014 South Korean noir film written and directed by Jang Jin , starring Cha Seung - won as a transgender homicide detective .
It 's a Date is a 1940 American musical film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin , Kay Francis , and Walter Pidgeon .
Figures of the Night ( German : Nachtgestalten ) is a 1920 German silent horror film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Paul Wegener , Reinhold Schünzel and Erna Morena .
Monster Dog , also known as Leviatán , The Bite and Los Perros de la Muerte , is a 1984 Italian horror film written and directed by Claudio Fragasso and starring Alice Cooper and Victoria Vera .
A Letter to Freddy Buache ( French : Lettre à Freddy Buache ) is a 1982 French short documentary film directed by Jean - Luc Godard and addressed to the Swiss film critic Freddy Buache .
St. Val 's Mystery ( original : French : Le Mystère de Saint - Val ) is a 1945 black and white French comedy film starring Fernandel directed by René Le Hénaff , Shot during the winter of 1944 - 1945 in the studios of Boulogne , this was the Fernandel 's first film following the liberation of Paris .
No te engañes corazón ( released in English as Do n't Fool Yourself Dear ) is the first full - feature film of Cantinflas after becoming a star of the carpa circuit ( folk theater ) .
Money Is n't Everything is a 1925 British silent romance film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Olive Sloane , Lewis Gilbert and Gladys Hamer .
Neenyare ? is a 2008 Kannada language film directed by Sindesh and produced by Varada Reddy T its stars Suraj lokre and Ramya Barna in the lead roles .
Romancing in Thin Air ( 高海拔之戀 II ; lit . `` High - Altitude Romance II '' ) is a 2012 Hong Kong - Chinese contemporary romantic drama film directed by Johnnie To , and starring Louis Koo and Sammi Cheng .
Red Skies of Montana is a 1952 adventure drama in which Richard Widmark stars as a smokejumper who attempts to save his crew while being overrun by a forest fire , not only to preserve their lives , but to redeem himself after being the only survivor of a previous disaster .
Johnny Get Your Hair Cut is a 1927 American comedy film directed by B. Reeves Eason and featuring Harry Carey .
Going My Way is a 1944 American musical comedy - drama film directed by Leo McCarey and starring Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald .
The Way of a Maid is a surviving 1921 American silent comedy - drama film produced by Selznick Pictures and starring Elaine Hammerstein .
Hanuman.com is a Bengali film shot in Iceland , starring Prosenjit Chatterjee .
La Vie Sur Terre ( Life on Earth ) is a 1998 Malian comedy / drama film written and directed by , and starring Abderrahmane Sissako .
The Last Thakur is a 2008 British western film directed by Sadik Ahmed , written by Sadik Ahmed and Heather Taylor , and stars Ahmed Rubel , Tariq Anam Khan and Tanveer Hassan .
The Bobo is a 1967 British comedy film starring Peter Sellers and co - starring his then - wife Britt Ekland .
Closed for Winter is a 2009 Australian drama film starring Natalie Imbruglia .
Tintin and the Blue Oranges ( originally Tintin et les Oranges bleues ) is a 1964 French film directed by Philippe Condroyer and starring Jean - Pierre Talbot as Tintin .
Demonte Colony is a 2015 Indian Tamil horror film written and directed by Ajay Gnanamuthu , featuring Arulnithi in the lead role .
A Girl at My Door ( Hangul : 도희야 ; RR : Dohui - ya ) is a 2014 South Korean drama film directed by July Jung and stars Bae Doona as a policewoman who takes in an abused girl played by Kim Sae - ron .
A Shot at Glory is a film by Michael Corrente produced in 1999 and released in 2002 , starring Robert Duvall and the Scottish football player Ally McCoist .
Lowered Sails ( Italian : Vele ammainate ) is a 1931 Italian drama film directed by Anton Giulio Bragaglia and starring Dria Paola , Carlo Fontana and Umberto Guarracino .
Making Mr. Right is a 1987 science fiction / comedy film , directed by Susan Seidelman ; starring John Malkovich as Jeff Peters / Ulysses and Ann Magnuson as Frankie Stone .
Robot Overlords ( originally titled Our Robot Overlords ) is a 2014 British independent science fiction film , starring Callan McAuliffe , Ben Kingsley and Gillian Anderson .
Dwaar stars Kapil Bora and Zerifa Wahid in the lead roles .
Adventure in Diamonds is a 1940 American crime film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring George Brent , Isa Miranda , John Loder and Nigel Bruce .
16 to Life is a comedy film directed by Becky Smith and stars Hallee Hirsh as Kate , a bookish teen about to turn 16 who plays match - maker for her friends .
Gracie 's Choice is a 2004 television movie that premiered on Lifetime , written by Joyce Eliason and directed by Peter Werner , and starring Kristen Bell , Anne Heche , Diane Ladd , and Kristin Fairlie .
The Caretakers , released in the UK as Borderlines , is a 1963 American drama film starring Robert Stack , Polly Bergen , Diane McBain , Joan Crawford and Janis Paige in a story about a mental hospital .
Dr. Monica is a 1934 American pre - Code romantic melodrama film starring Kay Francis , Warren William and Jean Muir .
His Best Student ( Spanish : Su mejor alumno ) is a 1944 Argentine biographical drama film directed by Lucas Demare and starring Enrique Muiño and Ángel Magaña .
Yavanika ( Malayalam : യവനിക , English : When the Curtain Falls ) is a 1982 Indian Malayalam mystery thriller film co - written and directed by K. G. George and starring Bharath Gopi , Mammootty and Jalaja .
The Senator Was Indiscreet is a 1947 comedy film starring William Powell as a dim - witted U.S. senator who decides to run for president , with Ella Raines as a reporter interested in the detailed diary he has kept about all the political misdeeds of his colleagues .
Sentimental Tommy ( 1921 ) is an American silent film directed by John S. Robertson which has Mary Astor in one of her earliest roles , although her scenes were deleted before release .
Kamikaze Girls centers on two students , Momoko Ryugasaki ( Kyoko Fukada ) and Ichigo `` Ichiko '' Shirayuri ( Anna Tsuchiya ) , who are from completely different backgrounds : one is a Lolita girl , the other , her antithesis , a Yankī .
The Cavalier from Kruja ( Italian : Il cavaliere di Kruja ) is a 1940 Italian war film directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Doris Duranti , Antonio Centa and Leda Gloria .
Paradise , Hawaiian Style is a 1966 musical comedy film starring Elvis Presley .
Sachché Ká Bol - Bálá is an Indian film from 1989 directed by Dev Anand .
Death Takes a Holiday is a 1934 American Pre - Code romantic drama starring Fredric March , Evelyn Venable and Guy Standing , based on the Italian play La Morte in Vacanza by Alberto Casella .
The Golden Lady is a 1979 British thriller film directed by José Ramón Larraz and starring Christina World , June Chadwick , Suzanne Danielle and Desmond Llewelyn .
B - Girl is a 2009 dance film written and directed by Emily Dell and starring Julie Urich , Missy Yager , Wesley Jonathan , Drew Sidora , Aimee Garcia , James Martinez and based on director Emily Dell 's 2004 short film of the same name .
Crown Prince Rudolph 's Last Love ( German : Kronprinz Rudolfs letzte Liebe ) is a 1955 Austrian historical drama film directed by Rudolf Jugert and starring Rudolf Prack , Christiane Hörbiger and Winnie Markus .
Il clan dei due Borsalini ( Italian for `` The clan of the two Borsalinos '' ) is a 1971 comedy film directed by Giuseppe Orlandini and starring the comedy duo formed by Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia .
Bhayaanak is a Hindi horror film released in 1979 , with Mithun Chakraborty in the lead role .
Encounters of the Spooky Kind II is a 1990 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy horror film written , choreographed , starring Sammo Hung .
Arike ( English : So Close ) is a 2012 Malayalam romantic comedy film by Shyamaprasad , starring Dileep , Samvrutha Sunil and Mamta Mohandas .
The film features Fernando Ramos da Silva ( who was killed at the age of 19 by Brazilian police in São Paulo ) as Pixote and Marília Pêra as Sueli .
The Restless Spirit is a 1913 American silent short drama film written and directed by Allan Dwan , featuring J. Warren Kerrigan and Pauline Bush .
Aagadu features Mahesh Babu and Tamannaah in the lead roles and Rajendra Prasad , Sonu Sood , Brahmanandam , and M. S. Narayana in supporting roles .
Anything to Declare ? is a 1938 British crime thriller film directed by Redd Davis and starring John Loder , Noel Madison and Belle Chrystall .
In a Corner of Spain ( Spanish : En un rincón de España ) is a 1949 Spanish drama film directed by Jerónimo Mihura and starring Carlos Agostí , Juan de Landa and Blanca de Silos .
Three Veils is a 2011 film written and directed by Rolla Selbak starring Sheetal Sheth , Angela Zahra and Mercedes Masöhn .
Shunyo ( Bengali : শূণ্য ; English : Zero ) is an upcoming Bengali film directed by Rudranil Ghosh , produced by Workshop Productions Pvt . Ltd. and starring Anjan Dutt .
The Crimson Code , also known as Red Team , is a 1999 crime thriller film starring Patrick Muldoon , C. Thomas Howell , Cathy Moriarty , Tim Thomerson and Fred Ward .
Dark Corners is a 2006 horror - thriller film directed by Ray Gower and starring Thora Birch .
Sunday in New York , filmed in Metrocolor , is a 1963 American romantic comedy film directed by Peter Tewksbury and starring Jane Fonda , Rod Taylor and Cliff Robertson .
The Seventh Victim is a 1943 horror and film noir starring Tom Conway , Jean Brooks , Isabel Jewell , Kim Hunter ( in her first film ) , and Hugh Beaumont , directed by Mark Robson , and produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures .
Kele Handa is a 1953 Sri Lankan romantic musical starring Rukmani Devi , Stanley Perera , Eddie Jayamanne , Rita Ratnayake and Mabel Blythe .
Hoppy Serves a Writ is a 1943 Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring William Boyd as Hopalong Cassidy .
Smilin ' Guns is a 1929 American silent Western film , directed by Henry MacRae and starring Hoot Gibson .
Battle Planet is a 2008 low - budget science fiction film starring Zack Ward and Monica May , featuring Brea Grant .
Pirates of the Plain is a 1999 independent family adventure film , directed and written by John R. Cherry III , and starring Tim Curry and Seth Adkins .
Rajasekhar as Seshu Kaveri as Abitha Jyoti Lakshmi Ganesh Nassar as Seshu 's brother Sriman Mohini Patel Mohan Vaidya
Saadaram ( also spelled as Sadaram ) is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Jose Thomas and stars Suresh Gopi , Lalu Alex , Geetha , Suvarna Mathew , Chithra , Sreenath , Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Sukumari main roles .
Oram Po ( Tamil : ஓரம் போ ; English : Move Aside ) , previously titled Auto , is a Tamil comedy film starring Arya and Pooja .
Hotel by the Hour ( German title : Das Stundenhotel von St. Pauli ) is a 1970 West German crime film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Curd Jürgens , Andrea Rau and Corny Collins .
Flying Pat is a 1920 American silent comedy film starring Dorothy Gish and her then husband James Rennie that was directed by F. Richard Jones .
The show starred Terence Longdon as airman Garry Halliday .
Tarzan 's New York Adventure ( aka Tarzan Against the World ) is a 1942 film , the sixth Tarzan film to feature actors Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan .
Doctor in Love is a 1960 British comedy film , the fourth of the seven films in the Doctor series , starring James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt and Michael Craig as Dr Richard Hare .
Blonde Venus is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film starring Marlene Dietrich , Herbert Marshall , and Cary Grant .
The Grass Is Greener is a 1960 comedy film directed by Stanley Donen and starring Cary Grant , Deborah Kerr , Robert Mitchum , and Jean Simmons .
Last Platoon ( Italian : Angel Hill : l'ultima missione ) is a 1988 Italian - American Vietnam war film directed by Ignazio Dolce ( credited as Paul D. Robinson ) and starring Richard Hatch .
Short Orders is a 1923 film starring Stan Laurel .
By Berwin Banks is a 1920 British silent romance film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Langhorn Burton , Eileen Magrath and J. Denton - Thompson .
The Fastest Guitar Alive is a 1967 MGM motion picture starring singer Roy Orbison in his only starring role as an actor .
Pride of the Marines is a 1945 American biographical war film starring John Garfield and Eleanor Parker .
Andy Hardy Comes Home is a 1958 film , the 16th and final film in the Andy Hardy series , with Mickey Rooney reprising his signature role .
Gone in the Night is a 1996 American television movie about the Jaclyn Dowaliby murder case , with Shannen Doherty and Kevin Dillon as Cynthia and David Dowaliby .
Maavidaakulu ( English : Our Divorce or Mango Leaves ) is a 1998 Telugu drama film produced by J. Bhagawan & D. V. V. Danayya on Sri Balaji Art Creations banner , directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana and starring Jagapati Babu , Rachana Banerjee in the lead roles with music composed by Koti .
Escarpment Blues is a Canadian concert and documentary film starring singer - songwriter Sarah Harmer .
Vedha is a Tamil movie starring Arun Vijay and Sheela released in 2008 .
The Wonder Kid is a 1952 British film starring Bobby Henrey , in his second and last film since `` The Fallen Idol '' .
Sinners ' Holiday is a 1930 all - talking Pre - code crime drama film starring Grant Withers , Evalyn Knapp and featuring James Cagney ( in his film debut ) , Lucille La Verne , and Joan Blondell .
Cotton Mary is a 1999 film directed by Ismail Merchant , best known as the producer half of Merchant Ivory and Madhur Jaffrey , actress and author of cookery books .
Allá en el Rancho Grande ( English : Out On The Great Ranch ) is a 1936 Mexican romantic drama film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring Tito Guízar and Esther Fernández .
Thovalapookkal is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Suresh Unnithan , starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Urvashi in the lead roles .
William Shatner 's Gonzo Ballet is a feature - length documentary film about a ballet by Margo Sappington called `` Common People '' , which was set to the music of William Shatner and Ben Folds from their album Has Been .
The Ballad of Josie is a 1967 Technicolor American comedy western film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen and starring Doris Day , Peter Graves and George Kennedy .
Cantonen Iron Kung Fu is a 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Lee Chiu and starring Bryan Leung as historical figure Leung Kwan , who was one of the Ten Tigers of Canton .
Young Ideas is a 1943 American romantic comedy film directed by Jules Dassin and starring Susan Peters , Herbert Marshall and Mary Astor .
Wang 's fourth feature film , Weaving Girl stars Wang 's frequent collaborator and former partner , actress Yu Nan .
Die Jungfrau auf dem Dach ( English translation : `` The Virgin on the Roof '' ) is a 1953 American comedy film produced and directed by Otto Preminger .
Matti Manushulu is a 1990 Telugu drama film written and directed by B. Narsing Rao starring Archana .
Sully Boyar , Jill Eikenberry , Walter McGinn , Andrew Duggan , Paul D'Amato and Mason Adams also appeared on The Deadliest Season .
Best of the Best 2 is a 1993 martial arts film directed by Robert Radler , and starring Eric Roberts and Phillip Rhee .
Goto , Island of Love ( French : Goto , l'île d'amour ) is a 1968 French drama film directed by Walerian Borowczyk and starring Pierre Brasseur .
Burn ! ( Italian : Queimada ) is a 1969 Italian - French war drama film directed by Gillo Pontecorvo and starring Marlon Brando , Evaristo Márquez and Renato Salvatori .
The Five Pennies is a semi - biographical 1959 film starring Danny Kaye as cornet player and bandleader Loring Red Nichols .
Girls ' Generation 's Himnaera Him ! ( Hangul : 소녀시대의 힘내라 힘 ! ; lit . Girls ' Generation 's Cheer Up ! ) , is a South Korean television reality show starring the South Korean girl group Girls ' Generation .
The Wild Wild West is set in the 1870s and deals with the exploits of James West ( played by Robert Conrad ) and Artemus Gordon ( Ross Martin ) , two agents of the United States Secret Service who work directly under the command of then - President Ulysses S. Grant .
Megham ( Malayalam : മേഘം , English : The Cloud ) is a 1999 Malayalam musical comedy film directed by Priyadarshan , starring Mammootty , Priya Gill , Dileep , K. P. A. C. Lalitha , Pooja Batra , Sreenivasan , Nedumudi Venu , Captain Raju , and Cochin Haneefa .
Savage Weekend is a 1979 American horror film directed by David Paulsen and starring Christopher Allport , David Gale , William Sanderson , and Caitlin O'Heaney .
The Great Caruso is a 1951 biographical film made by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer and starring Mario Lanza as Enrico Caruso .
Lindsay Lohan , who had made her motion picture debut in Meyers ' remake of The Parent Trap ( 1998 ) , and James Franco , a friend of Meyers , make uncredited appearances in the trailer of the fictional movie Deception , which Amanda and her team finish at the beginning of The Holiday .
The Railway Station Man is a 1992 British drama film directed by Michael Whyte , and starring Julie Christie , Donald Sutherland and John Lynch .
Kaakki is a 2007 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Bibin Prabhakar , starring Mukesh and Prithviraj in the lead roles .
Gata Velha Ainda Mia ( English : Never Too Old to Meow ) is a 2013 Brazilian drama thriller film written and directed by Rafael Primot and starring Regina Duarte , Bárbara Paz and Gilda Nomacce .
Darsheel Safary as Kunal / Zokkomon Manjari Phadnis as Kittu Anupam Kher as Deshraj ( Kunal 's uncle ) / Dr Vivek Roy
December Pookal ( English : December flowers ) is a 1986 Tamil language film starring Mohan in the lead role of the protagonist , Revathi , Nalini , Nizhalgal Ravi , Goundamani and Senthil .
High Kick Girl ! ( ハイキック・ガール ! ) is a 2009 martial arts film starring Rina Takeda .
I Love Me is a 2012 Malayalam thriller film directed by B. Unnikrishnan , starring Unni Mukundan , Asif Ali , Isha Talwar .
The Tingler is a 1959 horror - thriller film by American producer / director William Castle .
The cartoon involves Hard Luck Duck ( Russi Taylor ) , after venturing away from Crocodile Harley ( Brad Garrett ) 's watch , is a hungry fox ( Jim Cummings ) 's target to be cooked .
This Property Is Condemned is a 1966 American drama film starring Natalie Wood , Robert Redford , Kate Reid , Charles Bronson and Mary Badham and directed by Sydney Pollack .
I Killed the Count is a 1939 British , black - and - white , comedy , crime , mystery film , directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Ronald Shiner as Mullet , Ben Lyon , Syd Walker , Terence De Marney , Barbara Blair and Athole Stewart .
Namkeen ( Devanāgarī : नमकीन , English : Salty ) , 1982 Hindi film , directed by Gulzar , with Sharmila Tagore , Sanjeev Kumar , Shabana Azmi and Waheeda Rehman as leads .
Haldane of the Secret Service is a 1923 American adventure silent film directed by Harry Houdini .
Mrs. Fitzherbert ( AKA Princess Fitz and A Court Secret ) , is a rarely seen 1947 British historical drama film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Peter Graves , Joyce Howard and Leslie Banks .
Ottran ( English : A Spy ) is a 2003 Tamil film starring Arjun , Simran , Manorama , Vadivelu , Tejashree , Sarath Babu and directed by Ilankannan .
Around the World Under the Sea is a 1966 science fiction film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Lloyd Bridges , with Marshall Thompson , Shirley Eaton , Gary Merrill , and David McCallum .
City Heat is a 1984 American crime film starring Clint Eastwood and Burt Reynolds , and directed by Richard Benjamin .
King of the Hotel ( French : Le roi des palaces ) is a 1932 British - French comedy film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Jules Berry , Betty Stockfeld and Armand Dranem .
Hay Foot is a 1942 American military comedy , the second of five World War II - themed Hal Roach 's Streamliners starring William Tracy and Joe Sawyer ( three additional entries in the series were produced after the war ) .
Meu Passado Me Condena is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film directed by Julia Rezende , and starring Fábio Porchat and Mia Mello .
The Compleat Al is a mockumentary about the life of `` Weird Al '' Yankovic , from his birth in 1959 , to 1985 .
Shot in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , Speedy Delivery is a character study of Newell , examining his mission to help save `` The Neighborhood '' following the passing of his close friend Fred Rogers .
Human Desire is a 1954 black - and - white film noir directed by Fritz Lang , starring Glenn Ford .
Ayalvasi Oru Daridravasi ( Malayalam : അയല്‍വാസി ഒരു ദരിദ്രവാസി , English : My Neighbor is a Hobo ) is a 1986 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Priyadarshan , starring Prem Nazir , Nedumudi Venu , Shankar , Sukumari , Seema , Innocent , Mukesh , Menaka , Maniyanpilla Raju , Kuthiravattam Pappu , Ramu and Lizy .
Her Greatest Love is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards , starring Theda Bara , and based on the 1880 novel Moths by Ouida .
Jaan - E - Mann ( translation : Sweetheart or Darling or Beloved ) is a 2006 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film starring Salman Khan , Akshay Kumar and Preity Zinta in the lead roles .
The Two Waters ( Spanish : A dos aguas ) is a 1988 Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Olguin - Trelawny , his opera prima , and written Martha Gavensky starring Miguel Ángel Solá and Bárbara Mújica .
Pawan Kalyan played the lead role as Gudumba Shankar while Meera Jasmine , Ashish Vidyarthi , and Sayaji Shinde played other vital roles .
Angels Crest is a 2011 American - Canadian independent drama film directed by Gaby Dellal and starring Thomas Dekker and Mira Sorvino .
The Birdcage is a 1996 American comedy film , directed by Mike Nichols and stars Robin Williams , Gene Hackman , Nathan Lane , and Dianne Wiest .
Costa Rican Summer is a 2010 American comedy film starring Peter Dante , Brock Kelly , Susan Ward , Julianna Guill and Pamela Anderson , & Model George Hudson .
Hughie Green - Midshipman Easy Margaret Lockwood - Donna Agnes Harry Tate - Mr Biggs Robert Adams - Mesty Roger Livesey - Captain Wilson Dennis Wyndham - Don Silvio Lewis Casson - Mr Easy Tom Gill - Gascoine Frederick Burtwell - Mr. Easthupp Desmond Tester - Gossett Dorothy Holmes - Gore - Mrs Easy
Solla Thudikuthu Manasu is a 1988 Indian Tamil film , directed by B. Lenin , starring Karthik and newcomer Priyasri in lead roles .
Les Pas perdus ( English title : The Last Steps ) is a 1964 French drama film directed by Jacques Robin who co - wrote screenplay with René Fallet , based on novel by René Fallet .
Liza , the Fox - Fairy ( Hungarian : Liza , a rókatündér ) is a 2015 Hungarian black comedy film directed by Károly Ujj Mészáros , starring Mónika Balsai , Szabolcs Bede - Fazekas and David Sakurai .
Domestic Disturbance is a 2001 American psychological thriller film directed by Harold Becker ( his last film to date ) and stars John Travolta and Vince Vaughn .
Rehmat Ali is a 2010 Bengal - language Indian feature film directed by Partho Ghosh for producers Raj Behl and Geeta Behl , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Rituparna Sengupta and Rupa Ganguly in lead roles .
Radhachakram is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P Jaisingh , starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Abhilasha in the lead roles .
Ee Thirakkinidayil ( Malayalam : ഈ തിരക്കിനിടയിൽ ) is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Anil Kaarakkulam , starring Vinu Mohan and Muktha in the lead roles .
The Fly II is a 1989 science fiction horror film starring Eric Stoltz and Daphne Zuniga .
The Drover 's Sweetheart is a 1911 film from the team of Agnes and John Gavin .
UFOria is a science fiction / comedy movie starring Fred Ward , Harry Dean Stanton , Harry Carey , Jr. and Cindy Williams .
Convention Girl is a 1935 film starring Rose Hobart and featuring Shemp Howard of the Three Stooges .
Aankhon Ke Saamne is a 1981 Bollywood film directed by D.S.Azad for producer B.S.Suri , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Vijayendra Ghatge
How She Triumphed was a 1911 American short silent romantic drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet .
The Maiden Heist is a 2009 comedy film directed by Peter Hewitt and starring Morgan Freeman , Christopher Walken , William H. Macy and Marcia Gay Harden .
The Elusive Corporal ( French : Le Caporal épinglé ) is a 1962 French comedy film directed by Jean Renoir and starring Jean - Pierre Cassel .
Khiladi 420 ( English : Con Player ) is an Indian Hindi action film directed by Neeraj Vora and starring Akshay Kumar and Mahima Chaudhry .
Be - Shaque is a 1981 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Kannada Actor -Director Kashinath , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Yogeeta Bali , Amrish Puri and Jalal Agha .
Dead Bang is a 1989 action film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Don Johnson .
Getting Gertie 's Garter is a 1945 American slapstick comedy film written and directed by Allan Dwan , and starring Dennis O'Keefe , Marie McDonald , and Barry Sullivan .
At the Death House Door is a 2008 documentary film about Carroll Pickett , who served as the death house chaplain to the infamous `` Walls '' prison unit in Huntsville , Texas .
Sorority Party Massacre is a 2012 horror film written and directed by Chris W. Freeman , co - directed by Justin Jones and starring Eve Mauro and Ed O'Ross .
The Broken Oath is a 1910 silent short film starring Florence Lawrence , directed by Harry Solter , and produced by Carl Laemmle .
Chatur Singh Two Star is a 2011 Bollywood action comedy film , directed by Ajay Chandhok , starring Sanjay Dutt , Ameesha Patel and Suresh Menon in the lead roles .
Four Hours to Kill ! is a 1935 American drama film directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Richard Barthelmess .
Echchil Iravugal is a 1982 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Prof . A.S.Pragasam , starring Roopa , Prathap Pothan , Raveendran and Vanitha Krishnachandran in lead roles .
Katharine Hepburn as Lady Cynthia Darrington Colin Clive as Sir Christopher Strong Billie Burke as Lady Strong Helen Chandler as Monica Ralph Forbes as Harry Rawlinson Irene Browne as Carrie Valentine Jack La Rue as Carlo Desmond Roberts as Bryce Mercer Agostino Borgato as Fortune teller
The Kid from Left Field is a 1953 baseball film starring Dan Dailey , Anne Bancroft , Lloyd Bridges , and Billy Chapin .
Featuring the voice talents of Reba McEntire and Patrick Swayze , The Fox and the Hound 2 was the last direct - to - video film released by Disney before Disney started releasing its films on the Blu - ray Disc format and the last Disney film to use the classic castle logo .
Come On George ! is a 1939 British comedy film by Anthony Kimmins and starring George Formby , Patricia Kirkwood and Joss Ambler .
Vi har det jo dejligt is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Dirch Passer .
Attack on the Iron Coast is a 1967 Anglo - American Oakmont Productions international co - production war film directed by Paul Wendkos in the first of his five picture contract with Mirisch Productions , and starring Lloyd Bridges , Andrew Keir , Sue Lloyd , Mark Eden and Maurice Denham .
Mattoral ( Malayalam : മറ്റൊരാള്‍ ) is a 1988 Malayalam family drama film directed by K. G. George , and starring Mammootty , Karamana Janardanan Nair and Seema .
Shaft in Africa , is a 1973 film directed by John Guillermin and is the third film in the blaxploitation trilogy of films starring Richard Roundtree as John Shaft .
Jump for Glory is a 1937 British romantic drama film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. , Valerie Hobson and Alan Hale .
Mr. Deng Goes to Washington is a 2015 Chinese historical documentary film written and directed by Fu Hongxing , starring Deng Xiaoping , Jimmy Carter , Henry Kissinger , Zbigniew Brzezinski , Rina Sa , and Chan Tin - suen .
Three Wise Guys is a 2005 American television movie directed by Robert Iscove and starring Eddie McClintock , Jodi Lyn O'Keefe , Judd Nelson , Nicholas Turturro , Roddy Piper , Tom Arnold and Katey Sagal .
Send for Paul Temple is a 1946 British crime film directed by John Argyle and starring Anthony Hulme , Joy Shelton and Tamara Desni .
Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains is a 1982 film about three teenage girls , played by Diane Lane , Laura Dern and Marin Kanter , who start a punk band .
Asian Treasures is an action - adventure Philippine drama aired and produced by GMA Network starred by Angel Locsin and Robin Padilla , and was directed by Eric Quizon .
Gudtaym stars Vhong Navarro and Toni Gonzaga .
Naughty Professor is a 2012 Malayalam comedy film written by Baburaj and directed by Hari Narayanan .
Tarzan 's Revenge is a 1938 American adventure film starring Glenn Morris in his only outing as Tarzan .
Vuelve el ojo de vidrio ( English : The Glass Eye Returns ) is a 1970 Mexican revolution - epic film directed by René Cardona Jr. , starring Antonio Aguilar , Flor Silvestre , Manuel Capetillo , Eleazar García , Alejandro Reyna , and Guillermo Rivas .
The Oil Prince ( German : Der Ölprinz ) is a 1965 West German - Yugoslav Western film starring Stewart Granger .
Race the Sun is a 1996 comedy - drama movie starring Halle Berry and James Belushi .
Slightly Dangerous is a 1943 American romantic comedy film starring Lana Turner and Robert Young .
Wicked , Wicked is a 1973 horror - thriller feature film starring David Bailey , Tiffany Bolling and Randolph Roberts that was presented in `` Duo - Vision , '' a gimmick more commonly known as split - screen .
Shudharil Shudhan is a 2009 Malayalam film by debutant director Jayaraj Vijay , starring Mukesh , Kalabhavan Mani and Indrans .
The film stars Jean Arthur , Fred MacMurray and Melvyn Douglas , and is based on the 1919 play Home and Beauty by W. Somerset Maugham , which was retitled to Too Many Husbands when it came to New York .
Kappal Muthalaali(English translation : The Ship Owner ) is a 2009 Malayalam film by Thaha starring a popular TV presenter and comedy artist Ramesh Pisharody in title role and new face Sarayu as lead actress .
Tender Fictions is a 1996 autobiographical documentary film directed by American experimental filmmaker Barbara Hammer .
The Constable is a 2013 Hong Kong action drama film written , produced and directed by Dennis Law and starring Simon Yam .
There 's Gon na Be a God Damn Riot in Here is a film documenting the last live poetry reading given outside the US by Charles Bukowski , even though he lived and wrote for another 14 years .
It Happened Only Once ( German : Das gab 's nur einmal ) is a 1958 West German drama film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Hans Albers , Helga Martin and Stanislav Ledinek .
She Learned About Sailors is a 1934 drama film starring Alice Faye , and Lew Ayres .
Spicy Chile ( Spanish : Chile picante ) is a 1983 Mexican comedy film directed by René Cardona Jr. and starring Andrés García , Angélica Chain and Alberto Rojas .
The events were the subject of two acclaimed works , both titled Murder in Coweta County : a 1976 book by Margaret Anne Barnes and a 1983 television movie on CBS starring Johnny Cash and Andy Griffith .
Bound on the Wheel is a 1915 American short silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney .
Make Me an Offer is a 1954 British comedy film directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Peter Finch as an antique dealer .
Maurice de Féraudy as Jérôme Crainquebille Félix Oudart as L'agent 64 Jean Forest as La Souris Marguerite Carré as Mme Laure Jeanne Cheirel as Mme Bayard René Worms as M. Lemerle Charles Mosnier Armand Numès Françoise Rosay
Follow a Star is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Robert Asher and starring Norman Wisdom .
Flight into Danger is a 1956 Canadian television film starring James Doohan , Corinne Conley , Kate Reid , Zachary Scott and Philip Gilbert .
Never Weaken is a 1921 silent comedy film starring Harold Lloyd and directed by Fred Newmeyer .
Inspired by Bach , a part of Sony Classical celebrates Bach series , presents contemporary cellist Yo - Yo Ma performing the six Suites for Unaccompanied Cello by Johann Sebastian Bach in collaboration with artists from different disciplines , in a set of six films , respectively .
Maleyali Jotheyali ( Kannada : ಮಳೆಯಲಿ ಜೊತೆಯಲಿ ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada - language film that stars Ganesh , Anjana Sukhani and Yuvika Chaudhary .
Hundertwasser 's Rainy Day ( German : Hundertwassers Regentag ) is a 1972 West German short documentary film about artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser rebuilding an old wooden ship called Regentag ( Rainy Day ) .
The Red Dragon is a 1946 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan , who has to sift through a host of suspects for three murders .
Apenas o Fim is a 2008 Brazilian comedy - romance film directed by Matheus Souza , his directorial debut , and starring Gregório Duvivier , Érika Mader , Nathalia Dill and Marcelo Adnet .
Nertsery Rhymes is a 1933 American Pre - Code short film starring `` Ted Healy and His Stooges '' , a musical comedy released by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
Cries from the Deep ( French : Les pièges de la mer ) is a 1981 documentary directed by Jacques Gagné about Jacques Cousteau 's exploration of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland .
Trouble for Nothing is a 1916 British silent comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Guy Newall , Hayford Hobbs and Jeff Barlow .
Chandra Mukhi , along with Chaand Kaa Tukdaa , created huge expectation as , Salman Khan and Sridevi paired together .
S.O.S. Perils of the Sea is a 1925 American silent film featuring Elaine Hammerstein , directed by James P. Hogan and released through Columbia Pictures .
Elizabeth Daily as Beary Barrington ( singing voice ) Diedrich Bader as Ted Bedderhead , the lead vocals and guitar player of The Country Bears and Fred 's older brother .
Kaaval Geetham is a 1992 film starring Vikram and Sithara in the lead roles .
Le bourreau des cœurs is a 1983 French comedy film written and directed by Christian Gion and starring Aldo Maccione .
Oomappenninu Uriyadappayyan is a 2002 Malayalam romantic drama film directed by Vinayan starring Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles .
Det støver stadig is a 1962 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Helle Virkner .
Tragedy in the House of Habsburg ( German : Tragödie i m Hause Habsburg ) is a 1924 German silent historical film directed by Alexander Korda and starring María Corda , Kálmán Zátony and Emil Fenyvessy .
The Final Countdown Tour 1986 is a concert video released by the Swedish hard rock band Europe .
Madhuraiyai Meetta Sundharapandiyan ( Tamil : மதுரையை மீட்ட சுந்தரபாண்டியன் English : Sundharapandiyan Who Redeemed Madurai ) , is a 1978 Indian Tamil directed by M. G. Ramachandran , starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role , with M. N. Nambiar , P. S. Veerappa , Latha and Padmapriya .
The 15 Year Old Girl ( French : La Fille de 15 ans ) is a 1989 French drama film directed by Jacques Doillon .
Lonesome Luke , Circus King is a 1916 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd .
Because of That War ( Hebrew : בגלל המלחמה ההיא‎ , Biglal Hamilkhama Hahi ) is a feature - length 1988 Hebrew - language documentary about Yehuda Poliker and Ya'akov Gilad , two children of Holocaust survivors .
Forever Fabulous is a 1999 comedy starring Jean Smart , Jennifer Elise Cox , Robert Wagner , Emily Proctor and Jorja Fox , which was written and directed by Werner Molinsky and initially screened at the under the title Tiara Tango at the 1999 Austin Film Festival .
Busting is a 1974 film directed by Peter Hyams , starring Elliott Gould and Robert Blake as Los Angeles police detectives .
The Man from Elysian Fields is a 2001 drama film directed by George Hickenlooper , and starring Andy Garcia , Mick Jagger , Olivia Williams , Julianna Margulies , and James Coburn .
The series starred John Thaw as barrister James Kavanagh QC who comes from a working - class upbringing in Bolton , Greater Manchester .
Riefenstahl co - starred with Gustav Diessl and Ernst Udet in the German version S.O.S. Eisberg , and with Gibson Gowland and Rod La Rocque in the English version S.O.S. Iceberg .
My Big Love is a 2008 romantic comedy film from Star Cinema starring Sam Milby , Kristine Hermosa and Toni Gonzaga .
Athisaya Piravi is a 1990 Indian Tamil fantasy - comedy film starring Rajinikanth , Kanaka , Nagesh and Sheeba Akashdeep .
The American Ruling Class is a 2005 dramatic documentary film written by Lewis H. Lapham and directed by John Kirby that `` explores our country 's most taboo topic : class , power and privilege in our nominally democratic republic . ''
Mar Mitenge is an action drama , featuring Jeetendra and Mithun Chakraborty , well supported by Madhavi , Bhanupriya , Shakti Kapoor , Amrish Puri and Kader Khan .
Jodi Hakki ( Kannada : ಜೋಡಿ ಹಕ್ಕಿ ) is a 1997 Indian Kannada film directed , written and scripted by D. Rajendra Babu starring Shiva Rajkumar , Charulatha and Vijayalakshmi in the lead roles .
Devathayai Kanden ( Tamil : தேவதையை கண்டேன் ; English : I Saw an Angel ) is a 2005 Indian Tamil film starring Dhanush and Sridevi Vijaykumar .
A Perfect Murder is a 1998 American crime thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Michael Douglas , Gwyneth Paltrow , and Viggo Mortensen .
The Smell of Success is an Initiate Productions film directed by Michael Polish , starring Billy Bob Thornton , Téa Leoni , Kyle MacLachlan , and Ed Helms .
The Bitter Tea of General Yen is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Frank Capra , and starring Barbara Stanwyck , and featuring Nils Asther and Walter Connolly .
Land of the Pharaohs is a 1955 American epic film in Cinemascope , directed and produced by Howard Hawks and starring the two British actors Jack Hawkins and Joan Collins as Pharaoh Khufu ( also known as Cheops ) and his second wife Nellifer , in fictional account of the building of the Great Pyramid .
Rove McManus also appears in the film as himself , promoting The Wannabes on his TV show Rove Live .
Doing His Bit is a 1917 British silent comedy film directed by Edwin J. Collins and starring George Robey and Marjorie Hume and Howard Boddey .
Sands of Oblivion is a 2007 Sci - Fi Channel original movie starring Morena Baccarin , Adam Baldwin , Victor Webster , George Kennedy , Richard Kind and Dan Castellaneta .
Wicked Little Things ( also known as Zombies ) is a 2006 zombie horror film directed by J. S. Cardone and stars Lori Heuring , Scout Taylor - Compton and Chloë Grace Moretz .
Blind Hearts is a 1921 American silent drama film produced by Hobart Bosworth who stars along with Madge Bellamy and Raymond McKee .
Awwal Number is a 1990 film directed by Dev Anand .
Ave Caesar ! is a 1919 Hungarian drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Oscar Beregi Sr . , María Corda and Gábor Rajnay .
Three Days of the Condor ( stylized on the poster art as 3 Days of the Condor ) is a 1975 American Technicolor political thriller Panavision film directed by Sydney Pollack and starring Robert Redford , Faye Dunaway , Cliff Robertson , and Max von Sydow .
100 % Arabica ( 1997 ) is a French comedy movie , directed by Mahmoud Zemmouri , starring Khaled , and Cheb Mami .
The Squall is a 1929 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Richard Tucker , Alice Joyce and Loretta Young , and based on the 1926 play The Squall by Jean Bart .
Shoebite is the story of a man in his early 60s played by Amitabh Bachchan .
Come on Danger ! is a 1932 Pre - Code Western film , and the first film Tom Keene would make at RKO Studios .
Kevin Costner as Roy `` Tin Cup '' McAvoy Rene Russo as Dr. Molly Griswold Don Johnson as David Simms Cheech Marin as Romeo Posar Linda Hart as Doreen
Vigneshwar is a 1991 Indian Tamil film , directed by R. Raghu , starring Karthik , Kushboo and Radha Ravi in lead roles .
For You I Die is a 1947 American film noir directed by John Reinhardt and featuring Cathy Downs , Paul Langton , Mischa Auer and Roman Bohnen .
The Adventure of Iron Pussy ( Thai : หัวใจทรนง or Hua jai tor ra nong ) is a 2003 Thai musical - action - comedy film written and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul and Michael Shaowanasai and starring Shaowanasai .
Livin ' with Lucy is an Irish television programme presented by Lucy Kennedy .
Mud and Sand is a silent film starring Stan Laurel , that was filmed in 1922 .
We Married Margo is a 2000 American independent comedy film directed by J. David Shapiro and co - written by Shapiro and William Dozier .
Kabita is a 1977 Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Bharat Shamsher starring Mala Sinha in the lead role .
The nun with her back to him is the beautiful young Sister Therese ( `` Sea Wife '' ) ( Joan Collins ) .
Mickey 's Mechanical Man is a 1933 animated short cartoon created by Walt Disney .
Shadow of Egypt is a 1924 British silent adventure film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Carlyle Blackwell , Alma Taylor and Milton Rosmer .
School of Life is a 2005 made - for - television comedy - drama film starring Ryan Reynolds about a teacher who moves to a town and shakes the old school ways up a bit .
Fighting Caravans is a 1931 American Pre - Code Western film directed by Otto Brower and David Burton and starring Gary Cooper , Lili Damita , and Ernest Torrence .
Teen Devian ( English : Three Goddesses ) is a 1965 Bollywood film directed by Amarjeet starring Dev Anand .
Made in Paris is a 1966 American romantic comedy film starring Louis Jourdan , Ann - Margret , Richard Crenna , Edie Adams and Chad Everett .
Swamp Water is a 1941 film directed by Jean Renoir , starring Walter Brennan and Walter Huston , produced at 20th Century Fox , and based on the novel by Vereen Bell .
Scandal in Bad Ischl ( German : Skandal in Ischl ) is a 1957 Austrian historical comedy film directed by Rolf Thiele and starring O.W. Fischer , Elisabeth Müller and Ivan Desny .
Taffin is a 1988 Irish thriller film directed by Francis Megahy and starring Pierce Brosnan in the title role of Mark Taffin .
Kalaavida ( Kannada : ಕಲಾವಿದ ) is a 1949 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by B. Sohanlal .
Miss Tulip Stays the Night is a 1955 British comedy crime film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Diana Dors , Patrick Holt , Jack Hulbert and Cicely Courtneidge .
Satan 's Sadists ( also known as Nightmare Bloodbath ) is a 1969 biker film directed by Al Adamson and starring Russ Tamblyn .
Con Express is a 2002 direct - to - video action film with a political edge , starring by Arnold Vosloo , Sean Patrick Flanery , and Tim Thomerson .
The Boy Who Cried Bitch is a 1991 American independent drama film directed by Juan Jose Campanella and starring Harley Cross , Karen Young , Jason Biggs ( in his first speaking role ) , Jesse Bradford and Adrien Brody .
The Lion Has Wings is recounted in various `` chapters '' with a linking story revolving around a senior Royal Air Force ( RAF ) officer , played by Ralph Richardson , his wife and his family .
The Mad Miss Manton is a 1938 American screwball comedy and mystery film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Barbara Stanwyck as fun - loving socialite Melsa Manton and Henry Fonda as newspaper editor Peter Ames .
Mazha ( Malayalam : മഴ , English : The Rain ) is a 2000 Malayalam film directed by Lenin Rajendran starring Biju Menon , Samyuktha Varma and Lal .
Do Bigha Zamin ( Hindi : दो बीघा ज़मीन , translation `` two - thirds of an acre of land '' ) is a 1953 Hindi film , directed by Bengali film director Bimal Roy and starring Balraj Sahni and Nirupa Roy in lead roles .
Želary is a 2003 Czech / Slovak film directed by Ondřej Trojan , starring Anna Geislerová .
The Fanimatrix ( full title The Fanimatrix : Run Program ) is a science fiction / action fan film based on The Matrix , released on the Internet on 27 September 2003 , written and directed by Steven A. Davis and Rajneel Singh .
Condemned to Live is a 1935 American horror film starring Ralph Morgan and Maxine Doyle , and directed by Frank R. Strayer .
Long Fliv the King is a 1926 comedy film starring Charley Chase and featuring Oliver Hardy and Max Davidson in supporting roles .
Canone inverso - Making Love , also known as The Inverse Canon , is a 2000 Italian drama film directed by Ricky Tognazzi .
Find a Place to Die ( 1968 ) ( aka Joe ... cercati un posto per morire ! ) is a spaghetti western starring Jeffrey Hunter and Pascale Petit .
Rajakumaari is a Tamil language film , starring M. G. Ramachandran and K. Malathi in the lead role .
Billy West as The Hobo Oliver Hardy as Harold ( as Babe Hardy ) Leo White as Mr. Fox Bud Ross Virginia Clark as Dolly
Bastard , Go and Kill ( Italian : Bastardo ... vamos a matar ! ) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Gino Mangini and starring George Eastman .
Her Awakening is a 1911 American short silent drama film starring Mabel Normand and directed by D. W. Griffith .
Soraya García García ( Miren Ibarguren ) - Aída 's oldest daughter .
Palooka from Paducah is a 1935 American short comedy film featuring Buster Keaton .
Alien Thunder ( also known as Dan Candy 's Law ) is a 1974 Canadian western film directed by Claude Fournier and starring Donald Sutherland .
Body of Proof is an American medical drama television series that ran on ABC from March 29 , 2011 , to May 28 , 2013 , and starred Dana Delany as medical examiner Dr. Megan Hunt .
How the Garcia Girls Spent Their Summer is a 2005 American comedy film starring America Ferrera .
Shaky Ground is a TV sitcom created by Bob Keyes , Chip Keyes & Doug Keyes , which starred Matt Frewer as Bob Moody , a hapless , but supportive and caring father .
Bramman is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Socrates , starring M. Sasikumar and Lavanya Tripathi in the lead roles .
Alvarez Kelly is a 1966 Pathécolor war film set in the American Civil War starring William Holden and Richard Widmark .
The Darling of Paris is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara and Glen White .
Santa Fe Pete is a 1925 silent film starring Pete Morrison .
Soldaterkammerater på bjørnetjeneste is a 1968 Danish comedy film directed by Carl Ottosen and starring Preben Kaas .
Spymate is a 2006 Canadian adventure comedy film starring Chris Potter .
The Fortune is a 1975 American comedy film starring Jack Nicholson and Warren Beatty , and directed by Mike Nichols .
There is a 5-month gap between Anna Choy being replaced by James Tobin as The Big Arvo was off air during this time , replaced by Girl TV .
Bhram ( English : The illusion ) is a 2008 Hindi film starring Dino Morea , Milind Soman and Sheetal Menon .
Ed Begley Jr. , William Daniels , Stephen Furst and Eric Laneuville reunited to appear in a season - one episode of Scrubs ; the episode saw the actors not reprising their St. Elsewhere characters but rather guest as a quartet of doctors that fell sick at a medical convention .
Hits Out of Hell is a 1984 compilation album by Meat Loaf .
Afra Tafri is an upcoming Bollywood film starring Govinda , Sunil Shetty , Yuvika Chaudhary and Arya Babbar directed by Haadi Abrar .
Through the Back Door ( 1921 ) is a silent film directed by Alfred E. Green and Jack Pickford , and starring Mary Pickford .
Follow That Woman is a 1945 crime film starring William Gargan , Nancy Kelly , and Regis Toomey .
Dirty Little Billy is a 1972 American western film the directorial debut of Stan Dragoti , and stars Michael J. Pollard as Billy the Kid .
Double Alibi is a 1937 British crime film directed by David MacDonald and starring Ernest Sefton , John Warwick and Linden Travers .
Third Watch 's original ensemble cast in the series ' first season consisted of Michael Beach , Coby Bell , Bobby Cannavale , Eddie Cibrian , Molly Price , Kim Raver , Anthony Ruivivar , Skipp Sudduth , and Jason Wiles .
Marx Reloaded features interviews with several well - known philosophers , among them those often associated with Marxism and Communist ideas , including John Gray , Michael Hardt , Antonio Negri , Nina Power , Jacques Rancière , Peter Sloterdijk , Alberto Toscano and Slavoj Žižek .
Mysterious Mr. Moto , produced in 1938 by Twentieth Century Fox , is the fifth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto .
Dilip Kumar as Anand / Devendra Vyjayanthimala as Madhumati / Madhavi / Radha Johnny Walker as Charandas Pran as Raja Ugra Narayan Jayant as Pawan Raja Ramayan Tiwari as Bir Singh Ranjit Sood Shivji Bhai Tarun Bose as Devendra 's colleague
Island of Greed is a 1997 Hong Kong action crime thriller film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau and Tony Leung Ka - fai .
Laadam is a Tamil ( Tamil : லாடம் ) film starring Charmy Kaur and debutant Aravindhan , directed by Prabu Solomon .
Singakutty ( English : Baby Lion ) is a drama Tamil film starring Shivaji Dev , Gauri Munjal and Malavika , released in 2008.stunt master Anal arasu was acting as a negative role named as Muthu pandi . The film did average business in box office .
The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry is a 1945 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak , starring George Sanders as an aging bachelor who looks after his two sisters , one of whom tries to sabotage his romance with his co - worker .
The Wheeler Dealers ( released as Separate Beds in the UK ) is a 1963 romantic comedy film starring James Garner and Lee Remick and featuring Chill Wills and Jim Backus .
The cast of Incident at Raven 's Gate included long - term Australian stage and screen actor Max Cullen , as a policeman , and Terry Camilleri as an astrophysicist attached to Special Branch , investigating unexplained radar signals in a remote South Australian country town .
Nottam is a 2006 Malayalam film starring Ajir Shujahi , Arun , Nedumudi Venu , Jagathi Sreekumar and Samvrutha Sunil in the lead roles .
The Mysterious X ( Danish : Det hemmelighedsfulde X ) is a 1914 Danish silent drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen .
Bhau ( Gulshan Grover ) , Ram Jaane 's rival and Technicolour ( Pankaj Kapur ) , Ram Jaane 's former partner in crime hatch a plot to kill Ram Jaane -- when he hears of their plan , he kills them both and then rushes to Apna Ghar to stop their henchmen from killing anyone .
Major Saab is a 1998 Hindi film starring Amitabh Bachchan , Ajay Devgan , Sonali Bendre and Ashish Vidhyarthi .
That Mitchell and Webb Look is a British television sketch show starring David Mitchell and Robert Webb .
Written by George Layton , Executive Stress stars Penelope Keith as Caroline Fairchild , a middle - aged woman who decides to go back to work .
The Woman in Room 13 is a lost 1920 silent film mystery drama directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Pauline Frederick .
I Learned It from Father ( German : Das hab ich von Papa gelernt ) is a 1964 German comedy film directed by Axel von Ambesser and starring Willy Fritsch , Thomas Fritsch and Gertraud Jesserer .
Arizona Manhunt is a 1951 American western film directed by Fred C. Brannon and starring Michael Chapin , Eilene Janssen and James Bell .
Rough Play ( Hangul : 배우는 배우다 ; RR : Baeuneun Baeuda ; lit . `` An Actor Is an Actor '' ) is a 2013 South Korean film about an actor ( played by Lee Joon ) who becomes a superstar overnight then hits rock bottom .
The Leader , His Driver and the Driver 's Wife is a 1991 British feature - length documentary film set during the final days of the apartheid regime in South Africa , particularly centring on Eugène Terre'Blanche , founder and leader of the far - right Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging .
Overheard 3 ( Chinese : 竊聽風雲3 ) is a 2014 Hong Kong - Chinese crime - thriller film written and directed by Alan Mak and Felix Chong and starring Sean Lau , Louis Koo , Daniel Wu , Zhou Xun and Michelle Ye .
With the capture of Herat the Kartid kingdom surrendered and became vassals of Timur , but would later be annexed in 1389 by Timur 's son Miran Shah .
Rateče ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːtɛtʃɛ ) ; Italian : Racchia , German : Ratschach ) is a village in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora , in the far northwest corner of Slovenia .
Bernard LeBlanc ( born 1949 ) is a politician in the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Satire on False Perspective is the title of an engraving produced by William Hogarth in 1754 for his friend Joshua Kirby 's pamphlet on linear perspective .
Jeremiah Markland ( October 18 ( or 29 ) 1693 -- July 7 , 1776 ) was an English classical scholar .
Peter Lever ( born 17 September 1940 , Todmorden , Yorkshire , England ) is a former English cricketer , who played in seventeen Tests and ten ODIs for England from 1970 to 1975 .
Rashid Johnson ( born 1977 ) is an African - American socio - political photographer who produces conceptual post - black art . Johnson first received critical attention when examples of his work were included in the exhibition `` Freestyle , '' curated by Thelma Golden at the Studio Museum in Harlem in 2001 - -when he was 24 .
Cheryl Murray ( born 13 July 1952 in Liverpool , Lancashire ) is an English actress , best known for her role as Suzie Birchall on the soap opera Coronation Street , which she played from 1977 to 1979 and again in 1983 .
Sir Anthony Cleasby ( 27 August 1804 -- 6 October 1879 ) was a British judge .
Olivia DeJonge ( born 30 April 1998 ) is an Australian actress , known for playing Tara Swift / Shaneen Quigg in the series Hiding and Becca in the film The Visit .
Pierre Dieudonné ( born 24 March 1947 in Brussels ) is a Belgian auto racing driver and motoring journalist .
Troy Costa ( born 1975 ) is an Indian fashion designer based in Mumbai , who owns the Troy Costa menswear label .
Jozef Hrdlička ( born 29 July 1977 ) is a Slovak politician , leader of the Communist Party of Slovakia ( KSS ) and former Member of National Council .
Hasan Javed Akhtar ( born 19 March 1990 ) is a Pakistani cricketer who played two first - class matches for Lahore Ravi during the 2009 - -10 season of the Quaid - i - Azam Trophy .
Peter Drinkwater ( 1750 -- 15 November 1801 ) was an English cotton manufacturer and merchant .
Silvio de Lellis , recorded as Sylvio de Lellis in Canadian sources ( born in 1923 in Rome , Italy - died in 1998 in Rome ) was an Italian luthier .
Darragh Mortell ( born 23 June 1989 ) is a Welsh actor who is best known for his role as Crash in The Story of Tracy Beaker and his major role as Jack in the second series of BAFTA nominated television sitcom , Dani 's House .
Halil Altıntop ( Turkish pronunciation : ( häˈlil äɫˈtɯnto̞p ) , born 8 December 1982 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for FC Augsburg .
André du Pisani ( born 15 January 1949 , in Windhoek ) is a Namibian political scientist .
Ivo Šlaus ( BSc , PhD , FCA , FWA , MAE , born 26 September 1931 in Split ) is a nuclear and particle physicist and Distinguished Fellow of New Westminster College .
Steve Dick Tennyson Matenje ( born 17 February 1956 in Zomba ) is a Malawian civil servant and permanent representative .
George Raper ( 19 September 1769 -- 29 September 1796 or 1797 ) was a naval officer and illustrator .
Klaus Meine ( born 25 May 1948 ) is a German vocalist , best known as the lead singer of the hard rock band Scorpions .
Jonathan Bowers Winn ( 24 August 1811 -- 12 December 1873 ) was a school teacher , currier , business owner , banker , and benefactor .
Paul Meldrum ( born 13 September 1960 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1980s .
Michael Trulsen ( born 28 December 1989 ) is a Norwegian footballer who is playing as a forward for Lisleby .
Jonathan Pugh ( born 1962 ) is an English cartoonist who has contributed to many United Kingdom national newspapers and magazines .
Daniella Wang ( Chinese : 王李丹妮 ; pinyin : Wánglǐ Dānní ; born 6 August 1989 ) , born Wang Lidan ( Chinese : 王李丹 ; pinyin : Wáng Lǐdān ) , is a Chinese actress and fashion model of Mongolian ethnicity .
Mária Wittner ( Gazdagh - Wittner ; born 9 June 1937 ) is a Hungarian revolutionist and politician , who participated in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 .
Laurence Shorter ( born 1970 ) is an author and comedian who lives in London .
Gavro Vuković ( Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic : Гавро Вуковић ) , also known as Vojvoda Gavro ( Војвода Гавро ; 1852 - -1928 ) , was a senator of the Principality of Montenegro , a military commander , Yugoslav politician and writer .
Besim Dina ( born 6 July 1971 ) is an Albanian comedian , actor , writer , producer and television host .
Veronica Dillon , born in 1949 , is an American attorney and lawyer .
Diadumenian was born on 14 September 208 or , according to Historia Augusta , on September 19 because he shared the same birthday with the Emperor Antoninus Pius .
Anderson Correia de Barros ( born 6 May 1991 ) is a Brazilian professional football player who currently plays for Boavista in Portugal .
Tappan Wright King ( born 1950 ) is an American editor and author in the field of fantasy fiction , best known for editing The Twilight Zone Magazine and its companion publication Night Cry in the late 1980s .
Roberto Mangabeira Unger ( born 24 March 1947 ) is a philosopher and politician .
Fred von Bernewitz ( born 1938 , Washington , D.C. ) is a film editor , currently with HBO .
Adriano Louzada e Silva , simply known as Adriano ( born 16 February 1994 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a winger .
Davy Knowles ( born 1987 ) is a Manx blues guitarist and singer .
Diana Bang ( Hangul : 다이야나방 ; hanja : 方戴安娜 ; born 1981 ) is a Canadian actress , writer , and producer .
Patsy Rodenburg , OBE ( born 1953 ) is a British voice coach , author , and theatre director .
Peter Eugene Ball ( 19 March 1943 ) is an English sculptor .
Mike Church ( born 1962 ) is a radio talk show host , and singer / songwriter .
Hamuchtar ( Hebrew : המוכתר ) , Gilad Philip Ben - David , b. 1971 , is a singer and cabaret artist who began his career in Tel Aviv in the late 1980s .
Sarah Koenig ( /ˈkeɪnɪɡ/ ; born July 1969 ) is an American journalist , public radio personality , staff producer of the television and radio program This American Life , and the host and executive producer of the acclaimed podcast Serial .
Selina Trieff ( born in Brooklyn , 1934-January 14 , 2015 ) was an American artist who painted and exhibited for over fifty years .
Johann Helton ( born 1953 ) is a guitarist , bassist , teacher and sound engineer currently residing in Boise , Idaho .
Dyab Abou Jahjah ( Arabic : دياب أبو جهجه‎ , born 24 June 1971 in Hanin , Lebanon ) is an Arab political activist and writer who was active in Europe between 2001 and 2007 .
Lun Gywe ( Burmese : လွန်းကြွယ် , pronounced : ( lʊ́ɴ dʑwɛ̀ ) ; born 24 October 1930 ) is a Burmese painter who works in oil and watercolor .
Jean - Bryan Boukaka ( born 13 March 1992 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Romanian club Rapid București .
Hajnalka Futaki ( born 9 June 1990 in Gyula ) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE and the Hungarian junior national team .
Josias Shute ( also Josiah ) ( 1588 - -1643 ) was an English churchman , for many years rector of St Mary Woolnoth in London , archdeacon of Colchester , and elected a member of the Westminster Assembly .
Oluremi Tinubu ( born 21 September 1960 ) is the former first Lady and currently a Senator of Lagos State .
Divara van Haarlem also spelled Dieuwertje Brouwersdr . , ( 1511 in Haarlem -- July 7 , 1535 in Münster ) was a Dutch Anabaptist , married to Jan van Leiden and by him proclaimed Queen of the Anabaptist regime in Münster .
Nouha Dicko ( born 14 May 1992 ) is a professional footballer who plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers , as a winger and striker .
Lisa S. Neubauer ( born July 21 , 1957 ) is an American jurist and the chief judge of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals .
Jörg Friess ( born 27 October 1968 ) is a retired East German triple jumper , who finished fourth at the 1990 European Championships with a career best jump of 17.01 metres .
Lodario Ramón Ramón ( born 1954 ) is a weightlifter and powerlifting coach from Spain .
Sally Johnston Reid ( born 1948 ) is an American music educator and composer .
Elizabeth Price Foley ( born 1965 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American legal theorist who writes and comments in the fields of constitutional law , bioethics , and health care law .
Ruth Metzler - Arnold ( born 23 May 1964 ) is a Swiss politician and former member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1999 - -2003 ) .
Ya'acov Yakir Lusky ( Hebrew : יעקוב יקיר לוסקי‎ ; born 18 March 1986 ) , commonly referred to as Yakir Lusky , is an Israeli footballer .
Djavan da Silva Ferreira ( born 31 December 1987 ) , known simply as Djavan , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as full back for Portuguese club Braga .
Oets Kolk Bouwsma ( 1898 - -1978 ) was an American philosopher born of Dutch - American parents in Muskegon , Michigan .
Carmen Gloria Quintana Arancibia ( born c. 1968 ) is a Chilean woman who suffered severe burns in an incident where she and other young people were detained by an army patrol during a street demonstration against the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet .
Liliana Herrero is an Argentine musician born in 1948 in Villaguay , Entre Ríos .
Ante Mrmić ( born 6 August 1992 ) is a Croatian football Goalkeeper who plays for Inter Zaprešić in the Prva HNL .
Al Minns ( 1 January 1920 -- 24 April 1985 ) , was a prominent American Lindy Hop and jazz dancer .
Nicholas Monro ( born London , 1936 ) is an English pop art sculptor , print - maker and art teacher .
Niklas Stråhlén ( born 4 September 1987 ) was born and raised in Gothenburg , Sweden , and has competed in windsurfing on a professional level since 2006 .
Birgitte Reimer ( 8 February 1926 ) is a Danish film actress .
Jeremy Purvis , Baron Purvis of Tweed ( born 15 January 1974 ) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician , and was MSP for Tweeddale , Ettrick and Lauderdale from 2003 to 2011 .
Robert Fudali ( born 13 December 1969 ) better known as Rob Darken , is a Polish musician and singer , best known for being the frontman for black metal band Graveland .
Rob Voerman ( born 6 May 1966 , Deventer ) is a Dutch graphic artist , sculptor and installation artist .
Ayumi Hagiwara ( born 1 June 1992 ) is a Japanese athlete specialising in the long - distance events .
Tatyana Jakovlevna Zakharenkova ( Russian : Татьяна Яковлевна Захаренкова , born 14 . May 1958 in Bograd , former Soviet Republic of Khakassia ) is a Russian politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Saint Petersburg ( parliamentary group `` United Russia '' ) .
Sir Ronald Mourad Cohen ( born 1 August 1945 ) is an Egyptian - born British businessman and political figure .
Admitted to the Conseil d'État in 1929 , Pierre Laroque ( 1907 - -1997 ) , in 1931 , he entered the Cabinet of Adolphe Landry , Minister of Work and Social Care , to become a specialist in social insurance .
Paul E. Ceruzzi ( born 1949 ) is curator of Aerospace Electronics and Computing at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum in Washington , D.C.
Farid - ud - Din Qadri ( 1918 , in Jhang -- November 2 , 1974 in Jhang ) was the father of Islamic Scholar Muhammad Tahir - ul - Qadri .
Iryna Butar ( Belarusian : Ірына Бутар ; born 26 February 1980 ) is a Belarusian heptathlete .
Julia Butschkow ( born 21 December 1978 ) Danish writer , playwright and poet , educated at Forfatterskolen 2001 .
Soufian El Hassnaoui ( born 28 October 1989 ) is a Dutch - Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side Heart of Midlothian , as a striker .
Paresh Mokashi ( born 6 February 1969 ) is an Indian filmmaker , producer , actor and Theatre director - producer ; working predominantly in Marathi cinema and Marathi theatre .
Lim Giong ( Chinese : 林強 ; pinyin : Lín Qiáng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Lîm Kiông ; also known as Lin Chiang , born 7 June 1964 in Changhua , Taiwan ) is a musician , artist , DJ , composer , songwriter , music producer , music director and also an actor .
Michael Stensgaard ( born 1 September 1974 ) is a Danish former footballer and business conflict mediator .
Sara Jovanović ( Serbian : Сара Јовановић ; born 29 October 1993 ) , also known as Sara Jo , is an Italian - born Serbian singer .
The Bramantino of Vasari , if he existed at all , worked for Pope Nicholas V between 1450 and 1455 .
Paul Doornbusch ( born 1959 , Melbourne ) is an Australian composer and musician .
Michael Wainwright , born 4 November 1980 in England , is a rugby league player for the Dewsbury Rams .
Ali İhsan Varol ( born 28 June 1976 , Istanbul ) is a Turkish TV show presenter and producer .
Geir Skirbekk ( born 13 June 1962 ) is a Norwegian sport shooter , World Champion ( team ) and Olympic competitor .
Luigi Stoisa , ( Selvaggio di Giaveno , Turin , 1958 ) is an Italian painter and sculptor .
Gu Wengen ( Chinese : 顾文根 ; born November 1946 ) is a retired vice - admiral ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN ) of China .
André Müller ( born 15 November 1970 in Bergen auf Rügen ) is a retired East German long jumper .
Grand Ayatollah Javad Gharavi Aliari(born in 1935 ) is an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja .
David Whitton ( born 22 April 1952 ) is a Scottish journalist , Labour party politician and former MSP .
Elmurat Tasmuradov ( born 12 December 1991 , in Tashkent Province ) is an Uzbekistani Greco - Roman wrestler .
Kristi Funk ( born September 22 , 1969 ) is an American breast cancer surgeon notable for her surgical treatment of celebrities Angelina Jolie and Sheryl Crow .
Per Svedberg ( born 1965 ) is a Swedish social democratic politician , member of the Riksdag since the Swedish general election , 2006 .
Charles Sheehan - Miles ( b. Atlanta , Georgia , United States , 1971 ) is an American writer and veterans ' advocate .
Nuño Alfonso ( 1112 - -1136 ) was a medieval Galician bishop .
William Hogsflesh ( 1744 - -1818 ) was an English cricketer who played for the Hambledon Club in its great days during the 1760s and 1770s .
Teddy Sagi ( born 1972 ) is a London - based Israeli billionaire businessman .
John Harvey Butchart ( 1907 -- May 29 , 2002 ) was a mathematics professor who was well known for his hiking exploits in and around the Grand Canyon .
Elton da Costa Jr. ( born 15 February 1979 ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for German amateur club 1 .
Barbara Stauffacher Solomon ( born 1928 ) is a landscape architect and graphic designer well known for the large scale interior Supergraphics and exterior signage at Sea Ranch in Sonoma County , California .
Admiral Henry Wolsey Bayfield ( 21 January 1795 -- 10 February 1885 ) was a British naval officer and surveyor .
Chitrapu Narayana Rao ( born Chithrapu Narayana Murthy 1913 ) was an Indian film director and producer known for his works in Telugu and Tamil cinema .
Robert J. Hirsch ( born 1949 ) is an American artist , curator , educator , historian , and author .
Stephanie Murray Smith Waltrip ( born August 1987 ) is a beauty pageant titleholder from the United States who was crowned Miss South Carolina USA and placed in the Top 10 at Miss USA .
Carlos de Campos ( ˈkaɾlus dʒi ˈkɐ̃pus ) ( 6 August 1866 -- 27 April 1927 ) was a Brazilian politician , and president of the state of São Paulo for several months in 1924 .
Dmytro Yarosh ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Ярош ; born 30 September 1971 ) is a Ukrainian activist and politician .
Margot Wells ( born 10 October 1952 ) was a successful sprinter and Scottish 100/100 hurdles champion .
Gary Rosenberg ( born New Rochelle , New York , 16 October 1959 ) is an American malacologist .
Dr. Mahmoud El Manhaly ( born 1 January 1942 ) is an Egyptian Sugaring plants scientist .
Aparna Dixit ( born 20 November 1991 ) is an Indian television actress , best known for her roles of Devika Deol in Kalash - Ek Vishwaas and Mansi Shashkant Kamble in Pavitra Rishta She made her debut in 2013 with Star Plus 's mythological soap opera Mahabharat as Ambika . She pursued her B.A. Physics(Hons . )
Miško Mirković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мишко Мирковић ; Turkish : Mert Meriç ) ( born 7 July 1966 ) is a former Serbian international footballer .
K. A. P. Viswanatham Pillai ( 10 November 1899 -- 19 December 1994 ) was a Tamil scholar , orator and social activist .
Ron Mathewson ( born 19 February 1944 ) is a Scottish jazz double bassist and bass guitarist born in Lerwick , Shetland Isles , Scotland .
Shehzad Ahmed ( born 5 July 1991 ) is a Danish cricketer playing for the Danish national team and the 2008 and 2011 Danish champions Glostrup CC .
Sir David Robert Ford KBE , LVO ( Chinese : 霍德爵士 ) ( born 22 February 1935 ) , was the fifth and the last non - Chinese Chief Secretary of Hong Kong .
Edward Lee Glover ( born 24 April 1970 ) is an English - born Scottish former footballer and football manager .
Hal Geer ( born September 13 , 1916 ) is an American producer and filmmaker , noteworthy for his association with the Looney Tunes franchise .
Bradley Gray ( born 5 July 1990 ) is an English semi - professional footballer who plays for Hungerford Town .
Kevin Nowlan ( born 1958 ) is an American comic - book artist who works as penciler , inker , colorist and letterer .
Donald Cowart ( born 24 October 1985 ) is an American steeplechase runner .
Moshe Karadi ( Hebrew : משה קראדי‎ ; born 1960 ) is a former Israeli police officer and general commissioner of the Israel Police between 2004 and May 1 , 2007 .
Casey - Lee Jolleys ( born 1974 ) is a British actress , dancer and performer .
Jiang Jiemin ( Chinese : 蒋洁敏 ; pinyin : Jiǎng Jiémǐn ; born October 1954 ) is a former Chinese oil executive and senior Communist Party and economic official .
Siegfried Wiessner ( born 26 February 1953 in Germany ) is a Professor of Law and the Founder and Director of St. Thomas University 's Graduate Program in Intercultural Human Rights in Miami , Florida .
Saskia Melchers ( born 11 October 1962 ) is a former Dutch international cricketer who played five One Day International ( ODI ) matches for the Dutch national side , all of which came at the 1993 World Cup .
David Dei ( born 20 January 1974 ) is an Italian association footballer .
John Harry Grainger ( 30 November 1854 - 15 April 1917 ) was an English - born architect and civil engineer who emigrated to Australia in 1877 , and the father of musician Percy Grainger .
Benoît - Louis Prévost ( Paris , 1735 or 1747 -- 1804 ) was a French engraver .
Emmanuel Schelstrate ( 1649 -- 6 April 1692 ) was a Catholic theologian born at Antwerp in 1649 .
Jean - Baptiste Forqueray ( 3 April 1699 -- August 1782 ) , the son of Antoine Forqueray , was a player of the viol and a composer .
Heinz - Otto Peitgen ( born April 30 , 1945 in Bruch , Nümbrecht near Cologne ) is a German mathematician and was President of Jacobs University from January 1 , 2013 to December 31 , 2013 .
Alexander Hugh Macmillan ( June 2 , 1877 - -August 26 , 1966 ) , also referred to as A. H. Macmillan , was an important member of the Bible Students , and later , of Jehovah 's Witnesses .
Henry Sears ( 1913 - -1982 ) was an American commander and a commodore of the New York Yacht Club who competed in the America 's Cup and discovered multiple species of marine fish .
Samir Sahiti(born 15 August 1988 in Gushac , Mitrovicë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for KF Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga .
Carl Hart ( born 1966 ) is a professor of psychology and psychiatry at Columbia University .
Allister Gall ( born 3 April 1980 in Plymouth , England ) is a filmmaker - artist , musician and educator in Plymouth , UK .
Robert Longhurst is an American sculptor who was born in Schenectady , New York in 1949 .
Leo Turley ( born 7 December 1966 ) is a former Gaelic footballer from County Laois .
Matthew McCaslin ( born 1957 in Bay Shore , New York ) is an American artist living and working in Brooklyn , New York .
Ruggero Marino ( born 4 March 1940 in Verbania Intra ) is a retired journalist , writer and poet who was special envoy and chief editor of Il Tempo ( a major newspaper in Rome ) , and worked under the direction of Gianni Letta .
Engin Oeztuerk also known as Engin Seyrl ( born 1973 in Bremerhaven ) is a Berlin based German--
Raffi Ahmad ( born 17 February 1987 ) is an Indonesian presenter , actor , and singer .
Ji Xiao'an ( Chinese : 吉小安 ; born August 1957 ) is the chairman of the board of the Beijing Hualian Group .
Sunzamul Islam ( born 17 January 1990 ) is a Bangladeshi First class and List A cricketer . He was born Rajshahi .
Jeffrey Wernick ( 1953 -- September 2 , 2009 ) was an American animation executive and sports agent .
Walter Oswald ( born 8 October 1955 ) is a retired Austrian - born German footballer .
Lara Hedberg Deam ( born 1967 ) is the founder of architecture and design magazine Dwell and chair of the Dwell , LLC board .
Alfie Deyes ( born 17 September 1993 ) is an English YouTuber and author who runs the YouTube channels PointlessBlog , PointlessBlogVlogs ( previously PointlessBlogTv ) and PointlessBlogGames ( previously AlfieGames ) .
Eszter Tóth ( born 27 October 1992 in Győr ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC on loan from Győri Audi ETO KC .
Kazimieras Steponas Šaulys ( Lithuanian pronunciation : ( kɐzʲɪˈmʲierɐs ˈstʲæːpɒnɐs ʂauˈlʲîːs ) ( ) ; 1872 -- May 9 , 1964 ) was a Lithuanian Roman Catholic priest , theologian , and one of the twenty signatories to the Act of Independence of Lithuania .
Henri Françillon ( born 26 May 1946 ) was a Haitian international footballer who was part of the Haitian squad at the World Cup in Germany in 1974 where he played in all three group matches .
Rafael Corrales Valverde ( born 1957 ) is a Spanish anarcho - syndicalist .
Juliet E. McKenna ( born 1965 ) is a British fantasy author .
Franco Fabbri ( born 1949 ) is a Brazilian - born Italian musician , musicologist and broadcaster .
Konstantine Darsania ( Georgian : მიხეილ აშვეთია ; born 29 May 1984 ) is a Georgian footballer who currently is a free agent .
Janice Riggle Huie ( born 15 December 1946 ) is a bishop of the United Methodist Church , elected in 1996 by the South Central Jurisdictional Conference .
Józef Adam Lasocki ( 1861 - 1931 ) was an officer in Austro - Hungarian Army and from December 1918 a general in Polish Army .
Richard Vyškovský ( born 13 July 1929 ) is a Czech architect and author of paper models .
Teige - an - Duna MacCarthy ( Irish : Tadhg an Duna Mac Carthaigh ) ( 1584 -- 24 May 1649 ) , Lord of Glean - na - Chroim , was the last hereditary Prince of the Dunmanway branch of the MacCarthy Reagh dynasty of Carbery `` who exercised the rights of his position . ''
Yu Pun Hoi ( Chinese : 于品海 , born 1958 in Hong Kong ) and commonly known as P. H. Yu , is an entrepreneur in the information technology , cinema , culture and media industries in China .
Giacinto Marras ( 1810 at Naples -- 1883 ) was a singer and musical composer .
Willie Lyon ( 7 March 1912 -- 5 December 1962 ) was a professional footballer , who played for Celtic and Queens Park .
Karol Pavelka ( born 31 July 1983 ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for Zlaté Moravce .
Donald Ramsamooj ( born 5 July 1932 , San Fernando , Trinidad , died 23 May 1993 , Toronto , Canada ) was a professional cricketer who spent his career between Trinidad and Northamptonshire .
Mike Starrs ( born 10 November 1947 , Edinburgh ) is a vocalist of Scottish origin .
Ofelia Cano ( born 1959 as Ofelia Gamboa Noriega in San Ignacio , Sinaloa ) is a Mexican actress .
Vernon Richards ( 19 July 1915 -- 10 December 2001 ) was an Anglo - Italian anarchist , editor , author and companion of Marie - Louise Berneri .
Byron Schammer ( born 21 June 1985 ) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing with the Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Tahir Rashid ( December 1985 ) British born poet , manager and entrepreneur in the Islamic media and Nasheed industry .
Veronika Makai ( born 10 September 1994 in Orosháza ) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper who plays for Debreceni VSC in the Hungarian championship .
Robert Brian Havelock ( born 9 May 1942 in Yarm , Yorkshire ) is a former motorcycle speedway rider is the currently the promoter of the Redcar Bears who compete in the Premier League .
Jefferson Madeira da Silva , or simply Jefferson Madeira ( born 15 February 1988 ) is a Brazilian football forward playing with Sport Recife .
Nuno Miguel Soares Pereira Ribeiro , OIH ( born 5 July 1976 ) , known as Nuno Gomes , is a former Portuguese professional footballer who played as a striker .
Len Wincott ( 1907 - -1983 ) was an English sailor , mutineer and communist activist who later defected to the Soviet Union .
Theodor Albrecht Edwin Klebs ( 6 February 1834 -- 23 October 1913 ) was a German - Swiss pathologist .
Warren W. Tichenor ( born in Harlingen , Texas in 1960 ) served as the 17th United States Ambassador to the United Nations and other international organizations in Geneva .
Luke Zimmerman ( 35 born c. 1980 ) is an American actor who is best known for his role as Tom Bowman on ABC Family 's The Secret Life of the American Teenager .
Adelaide Pereira da Silva ( born 1928 ) is a Brazilian painter and composer .
Santa Montefiore , born Santa Palmer - Tomkinson ( born 2 February 1970 ) , is a British author .
Matthew Wyldbore was born circa 1716 , the son of John Wyldbore of Peterborough and Elizabeth Neale , daughter of Noah Neale of Stamford Baron .
Ylli Asllani ( born 24 March 1959 in Gjirokastra ) is adviser to President Nishani , for Local Government issues , from September 2013 and provides expertise in the field of local government , decentralization and regional development .
David L. Hoof ( born 2 December 1945 in Washington , DC ) is an American fiction novelist .
Jonathan LeVine ( born 1968 ) is a New York City art dealer .
Tom Harrington ( 13 September 1908 -- 29 November 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Araceli Torres Flores ( b. 17 October 1960 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Labor Party .
Fahri Beqiri ( Serbian : Фахри Бећири , Fahri Bećiri ) ( born 1936 ) is Albanian composer and former professor at the University of Prishtina Department of Music .
Count Fabio Asquini ( 1726 - -1818 ) was an Italian rural economist and agronomist who did much to promote silk culture in Italy .
Manasi Moghe ( born 29 August 1991 ) is an Indian actress , engineer , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Diva 2013 and represented India at Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow , Russia on 9 November 2013 .
Jorge Ortiz de Pinedo Pallás ( born 26 March 1948 ) is a Mexican comedian , actor , film director , screenwriter , television producer and host .
Aspasia Annia Regilla , full name Appia Annia Regilla Atilia Caucidia Tertulla ( Greek:Ἀσπασία Ἄννια Ῥήγιλλα , 125 - 160 ) , was a wealthy , aristocratic and influential Roman woman , who was a distant relative of several Roman emperors and empresses .
Isaäc J. H. Isbrücker ( born 1944 ) is a retired Dutch ichthyologist who specialised in the scientific classification of South American catfish ( Loricarioidea ) .
Khan Mohammed Mustapha Khalid Palash ( Bengali : মুস্তাফা খালীদ পলাশ ) ( born 1963 ) popularly known as Palash , is a Bangladeshi architect .
Charlotte Metcalf ( born 1958 ) is a British documentary film director and producer .
Thornhagh Gurdon , F.S.A. ( 1663 -- November 1733 ) was an English antiquarian .
Beate Zschäpe ( 2 January 1975 ) is a German right - wing extremist and an alleged member of the Neo - Nazi terror group National Socialist Underground ( NSU ) .
John Andrew Morrow ( born 1971 ) is a Métis Canadian professor , author , and research scholar from Québec who specializes in Hispanic , Native , and Islamic Studies .
Dr. Agnes Murgoci ( 1875 - 1929 ) , née Kelly , was an English zoologist and folklorist .
Jeet Thayil ( born 13 October 1959 ) is an Indian poet , novelist , librettist and musician .
José Borges ( 1882 -- after 1909 ) was a Cuban baseball pitcher and second baseman in the Cuban League and Negro League .
Jacques Drouin ( born 1943 ) is a Canadian animator and director most known for his pinscreen animation .
Anselm Adornes ( Bruges , 8 December 1424 - Scotland , 1483 ) was a merchant , patron , politician and diplomat , who belonged to the fifth generation of the Adornes family to live in Bruges .
Sir Paul Pechell , 1st Baronet ( 12 November 1724 -- 13 January 1800 ) , army officer , was a descendant of minor Huguenot nobility of Languedoc ( originally de Péchels ) .
Monsignor Matthew O'Donnell MA , BD , DPh was an Irish priest and educator who served as the 26th president of St. Patrick 's College , Maynooth Matt was born in Mungret , Co Limerick , in 1932 .
Nicole Shortland ( born 5 March 1996 ) , better known by her stage name Little Nikki , is a singer - songwriter from London .
Abraham Lempel ( Hebrew : אברהם למפל‎ , born 10 February 1936 ) is an Israeli computer scientist and one of the fathers of the LZ family of lossless data compression algorithms .
Marc Martí Moreno ( born 1 March 1966 ) is a Spanish rally co - driver .
Harold Dorschug ( 1913 -- September 13 , 1999 ) was one of the master control engineers during The Mercury Theatre on the Air broadcast of H. G. Wells ' The War of the Worlds on CBS radio in October 1938 .
Pádraic Mannion ( born 6 March 1993 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a left corner back for the Galway senior team .
Meliton Ademar Benítez Barbosa , known as Ademar Benítez , ( born 21 May 1956 ) is a Uruguayan former football striker .
Enrico Clerici ( 15 October 1862 -- 26 August 1938 ) was an Italian mineralogist and geologist .
Edmée Pardo Murray ( born 5 July 1965 ) is a Mexican writer and narrator .
Pini Shomer ( Hebrew : פיני שומר‎ , born 19 October 1951 ) is an Israeli former politician , who briefly served as a member of the Knesset in 1996 .
Tetuzi Akiyama ( Akiyama Tetsuji ) ( born 13 April 1964 ) is a Japanese guitarist , violinist , and instrument - maker .
Andy Smallman ( Andrew William Smallman ; born 24 May 1963 ) is the founder and director of Puget Sound Community School in Seattle , Wash.
Robert E. Wade ( born c. 1933 ) served as mayor of Hamilton , Ontario from 2000 to 2003 .
Michael Eaton ( born 1954 ) is an English playwright and scriptwriter .
Alexandre - Jean Dubois - Drahonet , a French portrait painter , was born in Paris in 1791 .
Dean Francis Alfar ( born 1969 ) , is a Filipino playwright , novelist and writer of speculative fiction .
Irma Capece Minutolo ( born 6 August 1935 ) is an Italian former opera singer who was one of the last companions of King Farouk I of Egypt .
Adrian Kunz ( born 7 July 1967 ) is a former Swiss association footballer and an ex - manager of several Swiss clubs , most recently Swiss Challenge League side FC Wohlen in 2011 - -12 .
Johann Weißheimer II was born on 25 October 1797 in Osthofen as the eldest son of John I and Margaret Weißheimer , née Dechen , in his father 's estate , the stone mill in Osthofen .
Young - ja Lee ( born 4 June 1931 ) is a South Korean music educator and composer .
Anna Jesień , née Olichwierczuk ( born 10 December 1978 in Kostki near Sokołów Podlaski ) is a Polish former hurdler .
Emanuele Foà ( 16 August 1892 -- 9 October 1949 ) was an Italian engineer and engineering physicist , known for his contribution to mathematical fluid dynamics .
Marzena Cieślik ( born 21 August 1981 ) is a Polish model who was crowned Miss Polonia 2006 .
Dorando Pietri , often wrongly spelt Petri ( Italian pronunciation : ( doˈrando ˈpjɛtri ) ; 16 October 1885 -- 7 February 1942 ) was an Italian long - distance runner .
Antonino Asta ( born 17 November 1970 ) is an Italian football manager and former football player who was most recently the manager of Lecce ; he played as a right winger during his career , although he was a versatile player capable of playing anywhere in midfield .
Margaret Ashton ( 19 January 1856 -- 15 October 1937 ) was an English suffragist , local politician , pacifist and philanthropist , and the first woman City Councillor for Manchester .
Nicholas McLeod ( fl . 1868 - -1889 ) , in some accounts called Norman McLeod , was a native of the Isle of Skye , Scotland known for his theory that the Japanese people descended from the Lost Tribes of Israel .
Garry William Beers ( born 22 June 1957 , Sydney ) , known as Garry Gary Beers , is an Australian musician and was the bass guitarist for the new wave rock group INXS .
Andrzej Smolik ( born 10 February 1970 in Swinoujscie ) is a Polish musician , composer , music producer , and multi - instrumentalist .
Li Shulei ( Chinese : 李书磊 ; born 21 January 1964 ) is a Chinese politician , currently serving as a the Secretary of Discipline Inspection Commission of Beijing , and a member of the municipal Party Standing Committee .
Dr. Peddada Jagadeeswara Rao , known as Dr. P J Rao or Dr. P. Jagadeeswara Rao ( born 24 June 1962 ) is an Indian hydro - geologist .
Angelina Fares ( Arabic : انجلينا فارس‎ , Hebrew : אנג'לינה פארס‎ ; born Doaa Fares on 24 March 1989 ) is an Israeli beauty pageant contestant .
Petteri Lampinen ( born 5 February 1975 ) is a Finnish bandy player who plays for Russian side Rodina .
Didier Timothée Mbai ( born 11 August 1985 ) is a former Chadian professional football player .
Serhiy Dikhtiar ( Ukrainian : Сергій Дихтяр ' , Russian : Серге́й Дихтяр ; transliterated also as Serhij Dychtjar or Sergej Dichtiar ; born 26 August 1975 ) is an Ukrainian football player who spent all of his professional career playing in Germany .
William S. Rukeyser ( born 1939 ) is an American journalist who was the founding managing editor of Money magazine and managing editor of Fortune .
Colonel Robert Kyd ( 1746 -- 27 May 1793 ) was a British army officer stationed in India .
Jordan Holt ( born 4 May 1994 ) is a Welsh footballer .
Laurie Rosenwald ( born 1955 ) is an American illustrator , author , artist , and designer .
Danny Makkelie ( born 28 January 1983 ) is a Dutch international referee who took charge of the final of the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship Makkelie became a FIFA referee in 2011 .
Ezra Holmes ( 1882 -- after 1907 ) was an English professional footballer who scored 12 goals in 43 appearances in the Football League playing for Gainsborough Trinity and Birmingham .
Cangapol was a Tehuelche cacique born in the area of Huilin , on the Negro River in today 's Argentina from 1735 to 1752 .
Enrico Pace ( born 1967 ) is an Italian pianist of international renown .
Željko Buvač ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жељко Бувач ; born 13 September 1961 ) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player .
Heather Mercer ( born 1977 ) is an American aid worker .
Tang Haochen ( Chinese : 唐好辰 ; pinyin : Táng Hǎochén ; born 21 February 1994 ) is a Chinese tennis player .
Helge Rykkja ( born 27 August 1943 ) is a Norwegian author , poet , teacher and politician .
Karl Probst ( 20 October 1883 -- 25 August 1963 ) was an American freelance engineer and automotive pioneer , credited with the design of the Jeep in 1940 .
Thomas Vikström ( born 21 January 1969 ) is a Swedish vocalist best known for working with hard rock and heavy metal bands including doom metal bands Candlemass ( during their initial final years , from 1991 to 1994 ) and power metallers Stormwind .
Jane Bussmann ( born 1969 in Marylebone , London ) is an English comedienne and author , who has written for television and radio .
Sir Thomas Taylor , 2nd Baronet ( 1657 - -96 ) , of Park House , Maidstone and Shadoxhurst , Kent , was an English politician .
Maria Friberg ( born 16 May 1966 ) is a Swedish artist known for her works revolving around themes of power , masculinity and man 's relationship to nature .
Pan Shiji or Chew Shyh - Ji ( Chinese : 潘世姬 ; born 29 July 1957 ) is a Taiwanese composer , writer and music educator .
Anikó Kálovics ( born 13 May 1977 ) is a Hungarian runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres and the marathon .
Wayne Fontana ( born Glyn Geoffrey Ellis , 28 October 1945 ) is an English rock / pop singer , best known for the 1965 hit `` Game of Love '' with the Mindbenders .
William Crean ( born 16 December 1951 ) is a Roman Catholic bishop in Ireland .
Moinina Fofana ( born 1950 in Bullom , Bonthe District , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean former military commander who was the leading general in the Kamajors militia and director of the Civil Defence Forces ( CDF ) during the Sierra Leone Civil War .
Sandro Nocentini ( born 5 February 1966 ) is an Italian artist , living and working in Australia .
Zhou Hexi ( born 28 October 1992 ) is a Chinese professional Go player .
Boniface Natter ( 24 April 1866 ) , christened Anthony , was a German Benedictine Monk who became the first Abbot of the newly reformed Benedictine Abbey of Buckfast in Devon , England .
John Krizanc ( born 1956 ) is a Canadian playwright who established an international reputation with his non - linear work , Tamara .
Gabriel Cleary ( born 1945 ) was a senior engineer in the Provisional IRA .
Albert Trim ( 6 October 1875 -- 11 July 1954 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Nanna Hänninen ( born in 1973 in Rovaniemi , Finland ) is a photographic artist who has worked as a professional since 1998 .
Richard Boden ( born 4 January 1953 , Birmingham ) is a British television director and producer best known for his work on situation comedies including ' Allo ' Allo , Blackadder Goes Forth , Life of Riley and The IT Crowd , the latter two of which he is also the producer .
Saskia Wickham ( born 14 January 1967 ) is an English actress best known for playing Dr. Erica Matthews in the ITV television drama series Peak Practice between 1996 and 1998 .
Juan Oropeza Riera ( 24 April 1906 -- 29 November 1971 ) was a Venezuelan lawyer , diplomat , writer , educator and political scientist .
Andrew Steiner ( 22 August 1908 , Dunajská Streda -- April 2009 ) , also known as Endre Steiner and André Steiner ) was a Czechoslovak and American architect .
Teresa Mannino ( born 23 November 1970 ) is an Italian comedian , actress and TV presenter .
Jean Vinatier ( born 25 November 1933 ) is a French former rally and racing driver .
Minbu Nikō ( 民部日向 , 1253 - -1314 ) was a Buddhist disciple of Nichiren .
Penne Dennison ( born 3 September 1969 ) is an Australian music and television entertainment presenter .
David Munks ( born 29 April 1947 ) is a former English footballer whose career ran from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s .
David C. Godbey ( born 1957 , Temple , Texas ) is a United States federal judge serving on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas in Dallas , Texas .
Anne Lascaris ( November 1487 -- July 1554 ) , countess of Tende and of Villars , was a French noblewoman .
Henri Decaisne ( 27 January 1799 -- 17 October 1852 ) was a Belgian historical and portrait painter .
Erich Sackmann ( born 26 November 1934 ) is a German experimental physicist and a pioneer of biophysics in Europe .
Zhao Keluo ( Chinese : 赵克罗 ; pinyin : Zhào kèluó ; born 1974 ) is an official of the People 's Republic of China , and also a democracy activist .
Parinya Charoenphol ( Thai : ปริญญา เจริญผล ; rtgs : Parinya Charoenphon ; born 9 June 1981 ) , nicknamed Toom , also known by the stage name Parinya Kiatbusaba and the colloquial name Nong Toom , is a Thai boxer , former Muay Thai ( Thai boxing ) champion , model and actress .
Kosta Hakman ( Serbian Cyrillic : Коста Хакман ; 22 May 1899 -- 9 December 1961 ) was a 20th - century Yugoslav painter .
Norma Becker ( 1930 -- 2006 ) was a founder of the Fifth Avenue Vietnam Peace Parade Committee , which drew tens of thousands to protest the Vietnam War , and of the Mobilization for Survival coalition .
Paulina and Afer had two children , a daughter Aelia Domitia Paulina ( 75 - 130 ) and a son emperor Publius Aelius Hadrianus ( 76 - 138 ) .
Ben Haynes ( born 27 June 1981 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) for Richmond and Essendon Football Clubs and in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) for West Adelaide Football Club .
Adam Simpson ( born 16 February 1976 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who is the current coach of the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Qin Yizhi ( Chinese : 秦宜智 ; born December 1965 ) is the current First Secretary of the Communist Youth League of China .
Thomas Loftus Cole ( 1877 -- 7 March 1961 ) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland .
Martin Eisengrein ( 28 December 1535 -- 4 May 1578 ) was a German Catholic theologian and polemical writer .
Shilpa Gupta ( born 1976 ) is a contemporary Indian artist , who lives and works in Mumbai .
René Desaeyere ( born 14 September 1947 ) is a Belgian former football player and former manager of Muangthong United .
Bruno Côté ( August 10 , 1940 -- June 30 , 2010 ) was a contemporary Canadian landscape painter .
Mariana Durleșteanu ( born 5 September 1963 , Chișinău ) is a politician and economist who was Ambassador of Moldova to London from 2005 until 2008 .
Rachid Bouaouzan ( Dutch pronunciation : ( rɑˈʃit buɑˈuzɑn ) ; born 20 February 1984 ) is a Dutch - Moroccan footballer who is currently a free agent .
Dominic Maloney ( born 12 March 1987 in Castleford ) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Halifax of the Co - operative Championship .
Stasys Šaparnis ( born 2 October 1939 ) is a former Soviet modern pentathlete and Olympic medalist .
Peter Artedi or Petrus Arctaedius ( 22 February 1705 -- 28 September 1735 ) was a Swedish naturalist and is known as the `` father of Ichthyology . ''
Alexandre Cellier ( born 4 December 1966 ) is a Swiss musician , son of Marcel Cellier .
Danny Kent ( born 25 November 1993 ) is a British motorcycle racer , best known for winning the 2015 Moto3 World Championship .
Nina Kolarič ( born 12 December 1986 in Ptuj ) is a Slovenian athlete who specialises in the long jump .
William Mitchell Grundy ( 1880 - -1961 ) was an English headmaster .
James Beebe ( 1717 - -1785 ) , Reverend , presided over the Unity Parish at North Stratford , now Trumbull , Connecticut , between 1747 and 1785 .
Saïd Berioui ( born 3 June 1975 in Nador ) is a retired Moroccan long - distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres .
Harry Arundel ( February 1855 -- March 25 , 1904 ) was an American Major League Baseball player who pitched for three seasons .
Linwood Barclay ( born 1955 ) is an American - born Canadian author , noted as a novelist , humourist , and ( former ) columnist .
Batu Siharulidze ( born in the Republic of Georgia , 7 May 1960 ) is an American artist , most widely known for his abstract figurative sculptures .
Malathi Basappa ( born 1950 ) is an Indian model and beauty queen .
Mary Farkas ( 1911 - -June 7 , 1992 ) was the director of the First Zen Institute of America ( FZIA ) , running the center 's administrative functions for many years following the death of her teacher ( Sokei - an ) in 1945 .
Sir Coles John Jeremy Child , 3rd Baronet ( born 20 September 1944 ) is an English actor .
Colin Cotterill ( born 2 October 1952 ) is a London - born teacher , crime writer and cartoonist .
Mona Vasu ( born 15 October 1982 ) , sometimes spelled Mona Wasu , is an Indian television actress .
Kirsten Cassidy ( born 29 January 1990 in Cheadle Hulme , Stockport ) is a British actress best known for her role as Tanya Young in the popular BBC children 's drama Grange Hill .
Petra van der Heide ( born 1971 ) is a Dutch harpist .
The son of Bimal Chandra Sinha , scion of the Kandi Raj family and a minister in the Bidhan Chandra Roy cabinet , Atish Chandra Sinha was born in the Kandi Raj family on 11 July 1940 .
Per Lidén , born March 3 , 1969 as Pär Eiert Lidén , is a Swedish composer , songwriter and musician .
Kim Hak - bum ( Hangul : 김학범 ; born 1 March 1960 ) is a South Korean football manager .
Zheng Xiaocang ( 1892 - -1979 ; Chinese : 郑晓沧 ) , was a Chinese writer , translator , and educator .
Hagop Kazazian Pasha ( alternative spelling : Agop Kazazyan ) ( 1833 - -1891 ) was a high - ranking Ottoman official of Armenian origin who served as the Minister of Finance and the Minister of the Privy Treasury during the reign of Sultan Abdulhamid II .
Delroy Washington ( born 1952 ) is a Jamaican - British reggae singer best known for his releases for Virgin Records in the late 1970s .
Max Almy ( born 1948 ) is an American video , digital media , and installation artist .
Petros Topouzis ( Greek : Πέτρος Τοπούζης , born 12 July 1991 ) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for A.O. Pefki .
John Neville Figgis , CR ( 1866 - -1919 ) was an historian , political philosopher and Anglican priest and monk of the Community of the Resurrection .
Silvio Samuel ( born 1975 in Nigeria ) is an IFBB professional bodybuilder .
Ragnar Bøe Elgsaas ( born 1972 ) is a former Norwegian politician for the Labour Party .
Zdeněk Fikar ( born 18 May 1926 ) is a former figure skater .
Major Iván Castro ( born 1967 ) is a U.S. Army officer who has continued serving on active duty in the Special Forces despite losing his eyesight .
Leon Dunne ( born 7 March 1975 ) is an Australian freestyle swimmer .
Betina Faurbye ( born 1982 ) is a Danish beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Denmark 2006 and represented Denmark in Miss Universe 2006 , placing in the Top 20 .
Dan Gillerman ( Hebrew : דן גילרמן‎ , born 1944 in the British Mandate of Palestine ) was Israel 's 13th Permanent Representative to the United Nations .
Arjun Mathur ( born 18 October 1981 ) is an Indian actor who has appeared in such Bollywood films as Luck by Chance and My Name Is Khan .
Siddharth Sinha ( born 1978 ) is an Indian film maker , whose Bhojpuri short film , Udedh Bun ( 2008 ) , won Silver Bear at 58th Berlin International Film Festival 2008 , the first ever such award in the history of Bhojpuri cinema and 2008 National Film Award for Best Short fiction Film .
Peter Allan Hansen ( 20 April 1944 -- 18 April 2012 ) was a Danish classical philologist known principally for his work on the Carmina epigraphica graeca I - II and on other aspects of Greek epigraphy .
Fr . Edvard Kovač ( born 1950 ) is a Slovenian theologian , philosopher and author .
Plume Latraverse ( born Michel Latraverse 11 May 1946 ) is a prolific singer , musician , songwriter and author from Quebec . At the end of the 60 's , he formed a band named La Sainte Trinité with Pierrot le fou ( Pierre Léger ) and Pierre Landry .
Duki Dror דוקי ( צדוק ) דרור Duki ( Zadok ) Dror دوكي درور درويش ( born 1963 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is a director , producer and documentary filmmaker whose films deal largely with issues of migration , identity and displacement .
Tania James ( born 1980 ) is an Indian American novelist .
Henri Lopès ( born 12 September 1937 ) is a Congolese writer , diplomat , and political figure .
Anna Carteret ( born 11 December 1942 ) is a British stage and screen actress .
Howard Altman ( born 1960 ) is an American journalist and newspaper editor .
Paula Bonet ( born 1980 in Vila - real , Spain ) is a Spanish book illustrator and urban mural painter .
Olga Horak ( born 1926 ; née Rosenberger ) is a Czechoslovakian - born Australian author and Holocaust survivor .
Sir Ian Kershaw , FBA ( born 29 April 1943 ) is a British historian and author whose work has chiefly focused on the social history of 20th century Germany .
Paul Davidoff ( February 14 , 1930 -- December 27 , 1984 ) was an American planner , planning educator , and planning theoretician who conceptualized `` advocacy planning '' with his wife , Linda Stone Davidoff .
Hari Punja , OF , OBE ( born 1936 ) is an Indo - Fijian businessman and Chairman of Hari Punja Group of Companies .
Moise Joseph ( born 27 December 1981 in Florida , United States ) is a Haitian middle - distance runner specializing in the 800 meters .
Talal El Merhebi ( Arabic : طلال المرعبي ) , born in the end of 1946 , is the son of Khaled Beik Abdulkader El Merhebi , politician and leader in the North Lebanon district of Akkar(Deputy of Akkar since 1934 ) .
Denzil Minnan - Wong ( born c. 1963 ) is a Toronto city councillor representing one of the two Don Valley East wards , Toronto City Council Ward 34 .
Ian Lewtas ( born 25 February 1954 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Geelong in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
A. J. Verdelle ( born 1960 in Washington , D.C. ) , is an American novelist who is published by Algonquin Books and Harper , with essays published by Crown , the Smithsonian , the Whitney Museum , Random House , and University of Georgia Press .
Yevhen Kholoniuk ( Ukrainian : Євген Холонюк ; or Evgeni Kholoniuk from Russian : Евгений Холонюк ; born 12 July 1990 ) is a Ukrainian former competitive ice dancer .
Judi Trott ( born 11 November 1962 ) is an English actress , best known for her portrayal of the Lady Marion of Leaford in the popular 1980s series Robin of Sherwood .
Doug Nye ( born October 1945 ) is an English motoring journalist and author .
Lee Alvin DuBridge ( 21 September 1901 -- 23 January 1994 ) was an American educator and physicist .
Sanjeev Chimmalgi ( Kannada : ಸಂಜೀವ್ ಚಿಮ್ಮಲಗಿ ) ( born 29 July 1972 ) is an Indian Hindustani vocalist .
Wakachichibu Komei ( real name Komei Kato , 16 March 1939 -- 17 September 2014 ) was a sumo wrestler from Chichibu , Saitama , Japan .
Mak Wilson ( born 3 September 1957 ) is an English puppeteer , writer , CG animation director , mocap artist , and voice actor .
Nana Richard Abiona ( born 1988 ) , better known by his stage name Fuse ODG , is an English musician of Ghanaian descent .
Katrín Sigurdardóttir ( born 1967 ) is a New York - based Icelandic artist who works in installation and sculpture .
Patrick West ( born 1974 , London ) is a freelance writer based in the UK and Ireland .
Jiří Fryš ( born 11 March 1950 ) is a football manager .
Yves Lafontaine ( born 16 July 1959 ) , is a Canadian musician , luthier and writer .
Dušan Basta ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Баста ; born 18 August 1984 ) is a Serbian professional football player who plays for Italian club Lazio .
João José Baldi ( 1770 - -1816 ) was a composer who was pianist at the court of the Marquis of Alorna and opera conductor in Leiria .
Ashley Cole ( born 20 December 1980 ) is an English professional footballer who is currently with Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer and plays as a left back .
Nguyễn Thu Thuỷ ( born 1976 in Hanoi ) was crowned the 4th Miss Vietnam in 1994 when she was a first year student at the Institute For International Relations in Hanoi . Nguyễn Thu Thuỷ was born in an intelligentsia family .
Herman Mandui ( 1969 -- October 4 , 2014 ) was a Papua New Guinean archeologist .
Artur Żurawski ( born 1972 ) is a Polish cinematographer , director and photographer who works in Poland and internationally .
Amos Bairoch ( born 22 November 1957 ) is a Swiss bioinformatician and Professor of Bioinformatics at the Department of Human Protein Sciences of the University of Geneva where he leads the CALIPHO group at the Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics ( SIB ) combining bioinformatics , curation , and experimental efforts to functionally characterize human proteins .
Dylan Jones - Evans OBE Ph . D FRSA ( born 16 May 1966 ) is Professor of Entrepreneurship and Strategy at Bristol Business School and visiting professor of entrepreneurship at the University of Turku in Finland .
Viram Jasani ( born 1945 ) is a Kenyan - born Indian sitar and tabla composer and musician .
Shirley Cheriton ( born 28 June 1955 ) is a British actress and performer , best known for her roles as Debbie Wilkins in the BBC soap opera EastEnders and her portrayal of Miss Prescott in the Are You Being Served ? follow up , Grace & Favour .
Aaron Columbus Burr , born Aaron Burr Colombe ( September 15 , 1808 -- July 27 , 1882 ) , was the adopted son of American politician Aaron Burr .
Bernard Donoughue , Baron Donoughue ( born 8 September 1934 ) is a British politician , academic , businessman and author .
Marita Koch ( born 18 February 1957 ) , married name Marita Koch Meier , is a German former sprint track and field athlete .
Charles Enebeli ( born 23 October 1989 ) , better known by his stage name D'Prince , is a Nigerian Afro Pop Singer , Songwriter .
Kenneth D. Tuchman ( born 1959 ) is an American businessman and founder of global outsourcing company TeleTech .
Yang Yansheng ( simplified Chinese:杨雁盛 ; born 5 January 1988 ) is a Chinese pole vaulter .
Salvatore Schillaci ( Italian pronunciation : ( salvaˈtoːre skilˈlaːtʃi ) ; born 1 December 1964 ) , commonly referred to by his nickname Totò , is a former Italian football player .
Alhaj A. T. M. Abdul Mateen was born on 25 February 1925 at his ancestral home in the village of Aswinpur in Chandpur District ( earstwhile Comilla ) .
Gregory D. Gadson ( born February 19 , 1966 ) is a retired colonel in the United States Army and the former Garrison Commander of the U.S. Army Fort Belvoir .
Bekir Ozan Has ( born 18 February 1985 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for TFF First League club Karabükspor .
Yasemin Kozanoğlu ( born 1978 in İstanbul ) is a Turkish actress and model
Suhana Meharchand ( born 22 April 1962 ) is a CBC News Network anchor and host of CBC News Now from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. ( Eastern Standard Time ) on weekdays .
Irving Levin ( born April 27 , 1926 ) , known professionally by his stage name of Leo De Lyon , is an American actor famous for his role as Spook and Brain in the prime time animated series Top Cat .
Li Daqiu ( simplified Chinese : 李达球 ; traditional Chinese : 李達球 ; pinyin : Lǐ Dáqiú ; born October 1953 ) a former politician in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China .
Kuo Ching - ch'iu ( Chinese : 郭镜秋 , 1911 -- April 25 , 1999 ) , also known as Helena Kuo , was a Chinese - American writer and translator .
Alan Cantwell Jr. ( born 1934 , New York , New York ) is a retired dermatologist .
Nigel Felton ( 24 October 1960 , Guildford , Surrey ) is an English cricketer .
Włodzimierz Kiniorski , also known as Kinior , ( born 15 July 1952 ) is Polish musician .
Kostandin Ndoni ( born 31 March 1989 in Lushnja ) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a centre back for Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Joakim Palme ( born 18 May 1958 ) is a Swedish political scientist and sociologist .
James Lloydovich Patterson ( Russian : Джеймс Ллойдович Паттерсон ; born 17 July 1933 ) is a Russian writer , naval officer and child actor of African American and Ukrainian descent .
Anne Dudley ( born 7 May 1956 ) is an English composer , keyboardist , conductor and pop musician .
H. Dean Wagner ( born 1961 ) is an American composer of handbell and organ music .
Joseph Tussman 4 December 1914 - -21 October 2005 ) was an American educator .
Franz Tamayo Solares ( 1878 , La Paz -- 1956 ) was a Bolivian intellectual , writer , and politician .
Diao Guoxin ( Chinese : 刁国新 ; born October 1958 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China .
Bernardo Fernandes da Silva or simply Bernardo ( born 20 April 1965 ) is a retired Brazilian football player .
Zena Skinner ( born 1927 ) was a chef , writer , and cookery expert on television and radio .
Sayyid Muhammad ibn Ali al - Idrisi ( 1876 - -1920 ) ( Arabic : محمد بن علي الإدريسي‎ ) founded and ruled the Idrisid Emirate of Asir .
Monika Mockovčáková ( born 20 May 1971 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak classical pianist .
Grégory Tadé ( born 2 September 1986 ) is a French footballer of Ivorian descent who plays for Romanian club Steaua București as a striker .
Francesco Cura ( born 7 March 1977 ) , is an American actor , singer , and fashion model .
Angel Chervenkov ( Bulgarian : Ангел Димитров Червенков , born 10 June 1964 ) is a Bulgarian former footballer and current football manager .
Vincent Godfrey Burns ( 1893 Brooklyn - 1979 ) was Poet Laureate of Maryland , from 1962 until 1979 .
Piergiorgio Farina ( 25 April 1933 -- 28 July 2008 ) was an Italian jazz violinist , composer and singer .
Fawzi Merhi ( Arabic : فوزي مرعي‎ ; born 20 June 1950 ) is a Lebanese fencer .
Edward Troughton FRS ( October 1753 -- 12 June 1835 ) was a British instrument maker who was notable for making telescopes and other astronomical instruments .
Ben Yagoda ( born 22 February 1954 ) is a writer and educator .
Gheorghi Arnaoudov ( ɡɛˈorɡi ar̩naˈudof ) ( Bulgarian : Георги Арнаудов ; born 18 March 1957 ) is a Bulgarian composer of stage , orchestral , chamber , film , vocal , and piano music .
Anne Émond ( born 1982 ) is a film director and screenwriter based in Montreal , Quebec .
Rod Black ( born 1962 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian sports announcer for TSN and CTV Sports .
Joe Saba ( born 1940 ) is an Australian fashion designer and fashion business owner .
Henry Cleveland Putnam ( 1832 -- January 25 , 1912 ) was a philanthropist and lumber baron in the Chippewa Valley of Wisconsin , also serving as a member of the Wisconsin State Forestry Commission .
Johann Christoph Rothe ( 1653 -- 2 June 1700 ) was a German Baroque composer .
Edward Rooker ( c. 1712 -- 22 November 1774 ) was an English engraver , draughtsman and actor .
Bridget Neval ( born 13 February 1985 ) is a retired Australian / Canadian actress .
Lodovico Buglio ( 1606 - -1682 ) was an Italian Jesuit mathematician and theologian , a missionary in China .
Thomas Roma ( formerly Thomas Germano born in 1950 ) is an American photographer who has worked almost exclusively since 1974 exploring the neighborhoods and institutions of his native Brooklyn , photographing scenes from churches , subways and everyday life , using a homemade camera .
Jennifer Horn ( born 1964 ) was a two - time challenger for the New Hampshire 's 2nd congressional district , She won the Republican nomination in 2008 , and became the first woman nominated by the Republican Party in the state .
Major General Muhammed Iftikhar Khan was born on 10 January 1909 .
Ine Poppe ( born 11 April 1960 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch artist , journalist and writer .
Bari Siddiqui ( Bengali : বারী সিদ্দিকী ; born 15 November 1954 ) is a Bangladeshi singer - songwriter , flutist and folk musician of Bangladesh .
Gail Borman ( born 25 April 1963 ) is a former English women 's international footballer , who played club football for the Doncaster Belles .
Norodom Ranariddh ( Khmer : នរោត្តម រណឫទ្ធិ ; born 2 January 1944 ) is a Cambodian prince , politician and law academic .
Sir ( David ) Roderick Evans ( born 22 October 1946 ) is a former British judge of the High Court of England and Wales .
Robert Brian ( born 1 July 1970 ) from Corsham , Wiltshire , UK is a professional jazz and rock drummer and session musician , most notably for Siouxsie Sioux of Siouxsie and the Banshees .
Dragi Kanatlarovski - Capar ( Macedonian : Драги Канатларовски - Цапар , born 8 November 1960 ) is a Macedonian football manager and former player .
Etienne - Henri Martin ( 7 April 1905 -- 1997 ) was a French designer and decorator whose work combined elements of classic and avante - garde French design .
Vince Woodman ( born 6 August 1938 ) is a British retired auto racing driver .
Alexander Edward ( 10 June 1651 -- 16 November 1708 ) was a priest of the Scottish Episcopal Church who later became a draughtsman , architect and landscape designer .
Jane Langley is a painter , teacher and environmentalist born in 1959 .
Denis Nulty was born in Slane , County Meath 7 June 1963 , the youngest of five children .
Dejan Perić ( born 22 September 1970 ) is a retired Serbian handballer and current coach .
R. S. Gwynn ( born 1948 Eden , North Carolina ) is an American poet and anthologist associated with New Formalism .
Fábio de Souza Loureiro or Fábio Carioca ( born 10 September 1980 ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Olimpia .
Priscilla Wald ( born 1958 ) is Professor of English and Women 's Studies at Duke University and the author of Constituting Americans :
Roy Ellam ( born 13 January 1943 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre half in the Football League for three West Yorkshire teams , Bradford City , Huddersfield Town and Leeds United , during the 1960s and 1970s .
Stephen Skowronek ( born 1951 ) is an American political scientist , noted for his research on American national institutions and the U.S. presidency , and for helping to stimulate the study of American political development .
Boadu Maxwell Acosty ( born 10 September 1991 in Sunyani ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Serie B side Latina on loan from Serie A club Fiorentina .
Daniel Patrick Quinn ( born 26 February 1981 ) is a British musician , composer , producer and performer .
Kamal Bose ( 1915 - 1995 ) was an Indian cinematographer , who shot most of Bimal Roy classics , including Parineeta ( 1953 ) , Do Bigha Zamin ( 1953 ) , Bandini ( 1963 ) , Devdas ( 1955 ) and Sujata ( 1960 ) .
Jon Routson ( born 1969 in Washington , D.C. ) is a Baltimore , Maryland based American artist working in video , new media , and conceptual art .
Anastasios Dalipis ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Νταλίπης ; 1896 - -1949 ) , usually referred as Tasos Dalipis , was a Greek Army officer and politician , who was elected many times as a member of the Greek Parliament and served as Minister Governor - General of Western Macedonia from 1946 to 1947 .
Amber Ferenz ( born 1972 ) is an American musician , music educator and composer .
Bernard François Dassise Zoko ( born 13 September 1983 ) , known as François Zoko , is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for League Two club Yeovil Town .
Shea Moylan ( born 5 June 1987 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Brisbane Broncos of the NRL .
Alfred L. Bush ( born 1933 ) , curator , writer , editor , and bibliophile , is the retired Curator of Western Americana at the Princeton University Library .
Niko Nirvi ( born 1961 ) is a long - term major icon in the Finnish gaming world .
Hervé Poulain ( born 16 December 1940 ) is a retired French racing driver , author , and auctioneer .
Bishop Isaias Papadopoulos ( born on 24 February 1855 , Pyrgos , Greece - died on 19 January 1932 ) was the first Exarch of the Greek Byzantine Catholic Church .
Veselin Stoykov ( Bulgarian : Веселин Стойков ; born 27 August 1986 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who plays as a striker for Strumska Slava .
Adam Lyth ( born 25 September 1987 ) is an English test cricketer , who has played for Yorkshire County Cricket Club since 2007 .
Scott Oakes ( born 5 August 1972 ) is a former professional footballer , best known from his time at Luton Town in the early 1990s .
Ebiet G. Ade ( born Abid Ghoffar Aboe Dja’far ; 21 April 1954 ) is an Indonesian singer and songwriter .
Zoran Vuković ( born 6 September 1955 in Brusna , Foča , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian Serb who was charged with crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) for his actions in the city of Foča during the Bosnian War .
Yoon Yoon - su , commonly known in English as Gene Yoon ( Korean 윤윤수 ; Hwaseong , 9 September 1945 ) is a South Korean business man .
Leo Bianchi ( Bulgarian : Лео Бианки , born 9 March 1974 ) is an Italian - born Bulgarian singer , Chef and TV personality .
Karin Svensson Smith ( born 11 August 1956 in Kävlinge , Skåne County ) is a Swedish politician of the Green Party , and formerly of the Left Party .
Monsignor Felix Newton Pitt was born in 1894 .
Stephen Norrington ( born 1964 ) is a British film director whose credits include Death Machine and the comic book adaptations Blade and The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen .
Hukam Ram Meghwal ( born 23 March 1926 ) is a Member of Parliament from Jalore ( Lok Sabha constituency ) constituency .
Michael O'Gorman ( 8 November 1874 -- 10 July 1937 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Daniell Revenaugh ( born May 30 , 1934 ) is an American classical pianist and conductor .
Enrico Kölling ( occasionally spelled Enrico Koelling or Enrico Kolling ) ( born 27 February 1990 ) is a German light heavyweight boxer , fighting out of German capital Berlin , his hometown .
José de Urrutia ( c. 1678 to 1741 ) was a Spanish explorer and settler of Texas , who became captain of San Antonio de Béjar Presidio and lived for many years in East Texas .
Janez Kajzer ( born 21 January 1938 ) is a Slovene writer , journalist , translator and editor .
Gillian Lindsay ( born 24 September 1973 , Paisley ) is a Scottish rower .
Sehadete Mekuli ( 16 October 1928 -- 12 November 2013 ) , also spelled Sadete Mekuli , was a Yugoslavian - born Albanian gynecologist , professor , and public figure .
Jeffrey Hackney ( born 5 January 1941 ) is a legal academic specialising in property law , law of trusts , and legal history at the University of Oxford .
Arthur von Pongracz de Szent - Miklós und Óvár ( 25 June 1864 - 13 January 1942 ) was an Austrian equestrian rider .
Girolamo Odam ( 1681- after 1718 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
J. Brendan Sharkey ( Orange , New Jersey , 1962 ) is the current Speaker of the Connecticut House of Representatives .
Yadollah Sharifirad ( Persian : یدالله شریفی‌راد‎ ) ( born 24 March 1946 in Taleqan ) is an Iranian former fighter pilot , former military attaché and writer .
John Claiborne ( 1777 -- October 9 , 1808 ) He was a son of Thomas Claiborne ( 1749 - -1812 ) and brother of Thomas Claiborne ( 1780 - -1856 ) .
Abdi Farah Shirdon ( pronunciation AHB - dee FAH - rah SHIHR - dohn SAH - ihd ; Somali : Cabdi Faarax Shirdoon ; Arabic : عبدي فارح شردون‎ ; born in 1958 ) is a Somali businessman , economist and politician .
Aliaksei Tsapik ( Belarusian : Аляксей Цапік ; born 4 August 1988 ) is a Belarusian athlete who competes in the triple jump and long jump with a personal best result of 16.82 metres at the triple jump .
Lynda O'Connell ( born 1981 in Cork ) is a camogie player and an accountant , winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2002 and 2005 and 2008 and 2009 .
Richard Gisser ( born 11 July 1939 in Vienna ) is an Austrian demographer who held leading positions at his country 's statistical office until his retirement .
Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Abi Talib , also known as Muhammad ibn al - Hanafiyyah ( 15 AH -- 81 AH ; c. 636 -- 700 A.D ) and surnamed Abu'l - Qasim was an early Muslim leader .
Charlotte Wankel ( 12 May 1888 -- 2 August 1969 ) was a Norwegian painter regarded as one of the first Norwegian cubist and painters of abstract art .
Fitton Gerard , 3rd Earl of Macclesfield ( 15 October 1663 -- 26 December 1702 ) was a British peer , styled Hon . Fitton Gerard until 1701 .
Sheila Waters ( born 1929 ) is a calligrapher and teacher .
Nathaniel Woodard ( 21 March 1811 -- 25 April 1891 ) was a priest in the Church of England .
Victor C. Anderson ( 1882 - -1937 ) was an American painter and illustrator , primarily known for his rural life scenes and landscapes , whose works were featured in Life and other magazines of the early 20th Century , and who produced a wide range of illustrations for books as well as oil paintings .
Marco Milesi ( born 30 January 1970 ) is a former Italian racing cyclist , who rode professionally between 1994 and 2006 .
Valdas Trakys ( born 20 March 1979 ) is a Lithuanian footballer , whose last club was FK Atlantas .
Qi Yu ( Chinese : 齐玉 ; born April 1961 ) is a Chinese politician serving since 2015 as the deputy head of the Organization Department of the Communist Party of China .
LaRuby May ( born 1975 ) is a Democratic politician and African American lawyer who represents Ward 8 on the Council of the District of Columbia in Washington , D.C. She won the Ward 8 special election on May 10 , 2015 , succeeding Marion Barry , who died in office on November 23 , 2014 .
Robert E. Pierre ( born 1968 in Franklin , Louisiana ) is a longtime reporter and editor at The Washington Post .
Vadim Chaimovich ( Russian : Вадим Хаймович ) ( born 1978 , in Vilnius ) is a Lithuanian Pianist .
Tiriel Mora ( born 19 October 1958 ) is an Australian television and film actor .
Han Cha Kyo ( 20 July 1934 -- 1996 ) was a South Korean master of taekwondo , and one of the twelve original masters of taekwondo of the Korea Taekwon - Do Association .
George French Angas ( 25 April 1822 -- 4 October 1886 ) , was an English explorer , naturalist and painter who emigrated to Australia .
Besnik Krasniqi ( born 1 February 1990 in Prishtinë ) is a Kosovar - Albanian footballer who plays as a right back for Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga .
Karen Gevorkian ( born 7 May 1941 ) is a Soviet , Armenian , and Russian film director and screenwriter .
Phan Kế An ( Hà Tĩnh Province 20 March 1923 ) , also known as Phan Kích , is a Vietnamese painter .
Rocky Taylor ( born Laurie Taylor in 1946 ) is an English stuntman and actor .
Menggenjimisu was born in Ordos in Inner Mongolia on 8 April 1991 in a yurt .
André Onana ( born 2 April 1996 ) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for Dutch club Ajax , as a Goalkeeper .
Harrison Newey ( born 25 July 1998 ) is a British racing driver and the son of Marigold Newey and famed Formula One engineer Adrian Newey .
Philippe Dupasquier ( born 1955 ) is an author and illustrator of children 's books .
Antonio Escobar Núñez ( born 1976 ) is a Spanish musical artist who has won awards during his career as a music producer , sound designer and composer for advertising , film , TV and recording artists .
Daniel F. Styer ( born 1955 ) is an American theoretical physicist and distinguished professor of physics at Oberlin College .
Sławomir Starosta ( born 17 August 1965 ) is a Polish LGBT activist , musician , journalist and publisher of porn magazines and gay porno websites
Katie Archibald ( born 12 March 1994 ) is a Scottish racing cyclist from Milngavie , near Glasgow , Scotland , who currently rides on the track for Great Britain and the Scottish Cycling Braveheart.com team .
Stefania Careddu ( born 13 January 1945 ) is an Italian retired film and stage actress .
Tony O'Doherty ( born 23 April 1947 in Derry , Northern Ireland ) is a former Northern Irish footballer and footballing manager .
Riky Widianto ( born 28 December 1991 in Surabaya ) is an Indonesian badminton player who specializes in doubles play .
Karl Francis ( born 1 April 1942 ) is a Welsh film and television director , producer and screenwriter , associated with left - wing political causes .
Rilwan Waheed ( born 14 February 1991 ) is a Maldivian footballer nicknamed `` Riley '' , who plays for Maziya and Maldives national team as a Wing back , mostly as a Right Back .
Álvaro Bautista ( born 21 November 1984 ) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Susan Beaumont ( born 26 February 1936 ) is a retired English film actress who enjoyed a relatively brief film career .
Jenny Barker ( born 29 December 1974 ) was the drive time presenter on Cross Rhythms City Radio in Stoke - on - Trent in 2005 .
Rónán Fallon ( born 1984 ) is an Irish former hurler who played as a centre - back for the Dublin senior team .
Hilary Liftin is an American author , born in New York City in 1969 .
Yannis Tamtakos ( Greek : Γιάννης Ταμτάκος ) ( 1908 -- January 4 , 2008 ) was a Greek political activist , initially of Trotskyism and later of Anarchism .
Borislav Mikelić ( Борислав Микелић ) ( born 13 September 1939 in Dobrljin , then in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a businessman and political figure of Croatian Serb background , who currently resides in Belgrade , Serbia .
Bettina Dajka ( born 2 October 1990 in Miskolc ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Ferencvárosi TC in middle back position .
Ronan O'Brien ( born 1974 , Dublin ) is an Irish author , winner of the 2009 Irish Book Awards `` Newcomer of the Year '' for his first novel Confessions of a Fallen Angel .
Angelica Cheung ( born in 1966 in Beijing ) is a Chinese fashion journalist .
Tommy Pratt ( 10 October 1905 -- 24 August 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Heinrich Dreser ( 1 October 1860 -- December 21 , 1924 ) was a German chemist responsible for the aspirin and heroin projects at Bayer AG . He was also a key figure in creating the widely used modern drug Codeine .
Paul Neefs ( 4 July 1933 - 7 May 2009 ) was a Belgian architect and designer of wall objects and free - standing objects .
Tevfik Kış ( born 10 August 1934 in Kargı , Çorum Province ) is a former Turkish European , World and Olympic champion sports wrestler in the Light heavyweight class ( 87 kg ) and a trainer .
Duncan Ross McCallum ( 1930 -- November 27 , 2006 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Calgary Stampeders , Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Edmonton Eskimos .
Frans Krajcberg ( born 12 April 1921 ) is a Polish - born Brazilian naturalized painter , sculptor , engraver and photograph .
Alibe Parsons ( born 21 December 1945 ) is an actress who has worked extensively in both film and television .
David Magarshack ( 23 December 1899 -- 1977 ) was a British translator and biographer of Russian authors , best known for his translations of Dostoevsky .
Gilles Le Guen , alias Abdel Jelil ( Nantes , 21 February 1955 ) is a French self - styled jihadist .
Esegine Allen ( born 28 March 1986 ) , better known by his stage name Orezi , is a Nigerian musician from Delta State .
Emanuele Fonte ( born 6 August 1992 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Tre Fiori , on loan from Brescia .
Mümin Çılgın ( born in 1935 ) is a Turkish former racehorse jockey , best known for his record winning of nine races at the Gazi Race , Turkey 's most prestigious horse racing event .
Erin Kaplan ( born 1983 ) is an American publicist and television and fashion media personality .
Prince Dominik Mikołaj Radziwiłł ( Lithuanian : Dominykas Mikalojus Radvila ; 1643 - -1697 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian noble ( szlachcic ) and politician .
Luciano Xavier Cunha or simply Luciano ( born 27 February 1979 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Aristotelis Koundouroff ( Greek : Αριστοτέλης Κουντούρωφ ) ( 1896 - -1969 ) was a Greek composer of the Modern Era .
Jeff Danziger ( born 1943 in New York , New York ) is a syndicated political cartoonist and author .
Mindru Katz ( 3 June 1925 -- 30 January 1978 ) was a Romanian - Israeli classical pianist .
Rita Todorova ( Bulgarian : Рита Тодорова , born 18 August 1958 ) is a Bulgarian rower .
Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Durand Baker KCB ( 23 March 1837 -- 9 February 1893 ) was a British army officer , and Quartermaster - General to the Forces .
Giovanna Ralli ( born , 2 January 1935 ) is an Italian stage , film and television actress .
Carlo Cesare Giovannini ( Parma , 1695 -1758 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Alexandra Bradshaw , also known as Alexandra Bradshaw Hoag ( April 20 , 1888 -- September 23 , 1981 ) , was a Canadian - American watercolor artist and art professor .
Salvatore Masiello ( born 31 January 1982 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a left - back and is currently unattached .
Kevin Patrick Yeary ( born September 8 , 1966 ) is an attorney from San Antonio , Texas , who is an incoming judge of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals , a nine - member body which serves as the court of last resort in state criminal cases .
Ada Kramm ( 14 March 1899 -- 17 December 1981 ) was a Norwegian stage and film actress whose career spanned more than six decades .
Beatrice Bartelloni ( born 5 February 1993 ) is an Italian professional racing cyclist who currently races for the UCI Women 's team Aromitalia Vaiano .
Stephen Zunes ( born 1956 ) is an American international relations scholar specializing in the Middle Eastern politics , U.S. foreign policy , and strategic nonviolent action .
Daan Frenkel ( born 1948 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch computational physicist in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge .
Stephen Peel ( born 29 December 1965 ) is a British businessman , private equity investor and philanthropist who until 2014 was one of the senior partners at the global private equity firm TPG Capital .
Muhammadu Inuwa Wada ( c. 1917 -- November 25 , 2015 ) was a parliamentarian and minister of Works and Survey under the administration of Tafawa Balewa .
Henrik Toft Hansen ( born 18 December 1986 ) is a Danish professional handballer , currently playing for German Bundesliga club SG Flensburg - Handewitt .
Jesse Binga ( 1865 -1950 ) was a prominent African - American businessman who founded the first privately owned African - American bank in Chicago .
Chu Yimin ( Chinese : 褚益民 ; born July 1953 ) is a general of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China , and the inaugural Political Commissar of the Northern Theater Command .
Scott McConnell ( born 1952 ) is an American journalist best known as a founding editor of The American Conservative .
Brian Barry - Murphy ( born 27 July 1978 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for English League One club Rochdale .
Jeff Burnige ( born 24 July 1947 ) was a director of Millwall Football Club from 1986 until 2008 .
Wang Chunyu ( Chinese : 王春雨 ; born 17 January 1995 ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the 800 metres .
Ivar Kants ( born 19 July 1949 ) ( commonly credited as Ivor Kants or Ivar Kanz ) is an Australian actor of Latvian descent who has played numerous roles in soap opera 's including A Country Practice , G.P. , All Saints , Water Rats , and Blue Heelers .
Dennis Barrie ( born 1947 ) is a museum director responsible for the curation of American pop - culture .
Jóhannes Eðvaldsson ( born 3 September 1950 , in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic former international football player of Estonian descent .
Alberto Tavazzi ( 1912 - -2006 ) was an Italian painter , art director and occasional actor .
Martha Wise ( 1884 -- June 28 , 1971 ) , born Martha Hasel , was an American poisoner .
Michael Kesterton ( born 1946 ) is a columnist with The Globe and Mail .
Abdelwahid Bouabdallah ( Arabic : عبد الواحد بو عبد الله‎ ) ( born 1953 ) has been CEO of Air Algérie since March 1 , 2008 up to 19 June 2011 , replacing former CEO Mohamed Tayeb Benouis who died in August , 2007 .
Jon Pritikin ( born 26 February 1973 ) is a motivational speaker and founder of a non - profit organization known as `` Feel the Power '' .
Duncan Ball ( born February 1941 ) is an American - born Australian author who has written the children 's series Selby ( about a talking dog named Selby who tries to keep his secret away from his owners ) and Emily Eyefinger ( about a girl who has an eye on her finger ) .
Tomislav Grčić ( born 5 July 1986 ) is a Croatian football footballer , currently playing for Maceratese - Italy .
Ralph Citro ( 1926 -- October 2 , 2004 ) was a boxing historian and archivist .
Zaw Zaw Oo ( Burmese : ဇော်ဇော်ဦး ; born 31 July 1989 ) is a footballer and from Burma .
George Moulson ( born 6 August 1914 in Clogheen , County Tipperary died May 1994 ) was an Irish professional football player .
Kyle Hutton ( born 5 February 1991 ) is a professional Scottish association footballer who plays for Queen of the South .
George Sharples ( born 20 September 1943 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Blackburn Rovers , Everton and Southport .
Amy Fulywer ( born 1968 ) is an American ski mountaineer and has been member of the national selection since 2010 .
Dominique Gaumont ( 8 January 1953 -- 10 November 1983 ) was a French jazz guitarist who played with Miles Davis , the Art Ensemble of Chicago and Michel Portal .
Rahul Bajaj ( born 10 June 1938 ) is an Indian businessman , politician and philanthropist .
Dame Katharine Mary Barker DBE FAcSS ( born 1957 ) , generally known as Kate Barker , is a British economist .
Stjepan Kljuić ( born 19 December 1939 ) is a Bosnian Croat politician and academic who has been an active participant in Bosnian politics since Bosnian independence .
George A. Nelson ( November 15 , 1873 - May 4 , 1962 ) was a dairy farmer , a farm organization leader , and an American socialist politician .
Peter Scudamore ( born June 1958 ) , known universally as ' Scu ' , is a former jockey and trainer in National Hunt racing .
Pekka Ruuska ( born 1983 Podgornoe ) is a Finnish curator specialized in Public Art . Currently he is working as a project director for Strata .
Harlan Anderson ( born 1929 ) is an American engineer and entrepreneur , best known as the co - founder of Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) which at one time was the second largest computer company in the world .
Rosa Beltrán ( 15 March 1960 ) is a Mexican writer , lecturer and academic .
Doctor Baek Sung - hee ( born 1970 ) is a South Korean scientist specialising in molecular genetics .
Jeff Gilberthorpe ( Born in Chesterfield , Derbyshire in 1939 ) is a British / Australian artist and author .
Pope Victor II ( c. 1018 -- 28 July 1057 ) , born Gebhard , Count of Calw , Tollenstein , and Hirschberg , was Pope from 13 April 1055 to his death in 1057 .
Dave Cartwright ( born April 1943 ) is a British singer , songwriter , guitarist and author .
Rishi Dhawan ( born 19 February 1990 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays first - class and List A cricket for Himachal Pradesh .
Sir Ambrose Hardinge Giffard ( 1771 - -1827 ) was chief justice of British Ceylon .
Christopher Nevill ( born 20 March 1800 at Easton , Hampshire ; died 15 December 1847 at East Grinstead , Sussex ) was an English amateur cricketer who played first - class cricket from 1820 to 1822 for Cambridge University Cricket Club .
Sam A. Lindsay ( born 1951 ) is a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas , with chambers in Dallas , Texas .
Ivan De Battista ( born 13 September 1977 ) is a Maltese film and theatre actor and director , author , and poet .
Afshin Sadeghi ( Persian : افشین صادقی‎ , born 25 March 1993 ) is an Iranian handball player for Samen Mashhad and the Iranian national team .
Michaël Van Hoey ( born 8 September 1982 ) is a Belgian football player who plays in the central defence .
Michele Bohbot ( born 1960 ) is a Moroccan - born American fashion designer and retailer .
Cino da Pistoia ( 1270 -- 1336/37 ) was an Italian jurist and poet .
Robert Harding Evans ( 1778 - -1857 ) was an English bookseller and auctioneer .
Claude Louis Langlois ( 13 June 1757 -- c. 1845 ) , known as Langlois de Sézanne , was a French portraitist and pastel artist .
Dolores Jiménez Alcántara ( La Puebla de Cazalla , Seville , 28 July 1909 -- 14 June 1999 ) , known as `` Niña de la Puebla ' ' ( in Spanish : `` The girl from La Puebla '' ; La Puebla is her birthplace ) was one of the greatest flamenco and Andalusian copla singers .
Stepan Chapman ( May 27 , 1951 -- January 27 , 2014 ) was an American writer of speculative fiction and fabulation .
Denis Scherbakov ( Russian : Денис Щербаков , Belarusian : Дзяніс Шчарбакоў ; born 7 August 1978 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian professional football referee .
Ma Jae - yoon ( Korean : 마재윤 ; born 23 November 1987 ) , known by the pseudonym sAviOr ( previously IPXZerg ) , and dubbed The Maestro , is a former professional South Korean e - sports gamer of the real - time strategy game StarCraft .
Terrol Dew Johnson ( born 1973 ) is a contemporary Tohono O'odham basketweaver and health advocate , promoting traditional foods to prevent diabetes .
Emily Hiestand ( born 1947 Chicago ) is an American writer and poet .
Trilochan Pradhan , ( born 3 January 1929 ) is an Indian scientist .
Shaunna O'Grady ( born 1958 ) is an Australian retired actress who played the second incarnation of Jim Robinson 's wife , Beverley Marshall , on the long - running soap opera Neighbours .
V. M. Girija ( born 1961 ) is one of the women writers of Kerala .
Taniela Moa ( born 11 March 1985 ) is a Rugby union player .
Thomas Oelsner ( born 19 June 1970 ) is a retired German Paralympic Nordic skier who won multiple gold medals throughout his career .
Deivid de Souza , commonly known as Deivid ( born 22 October 1979 ) , is a retired Brazilian football striker and attacking midfielder , manager carataker of Cruzeiro .
John Scales Avery ( born in 1933 in Lebanon to American parents ) is a theoretical chemist noted for his research publications in quantum chemistry , thermodynamics , evolution , and history of science .
Rita Kirst ( née Schmidt on 21 October 1950 ) is a retired German high jumper .
Yuan Shanshan ( Chinese : 袁姗姗 ; pinyin : Yuán Shānshān ; born 22 February 1987 ) also known as Mabel Yuan is a Chinese actress and singer .
Thomas Humphrey Paget OBE ( 13 August 1893 -- May 1974 ) was an English medal and coin designer and modeller .
David Kiprotich Bett ( born 18 October 1992 ) is an Kenyan long - distance runner , who specialises in the 5000 meters .
Ray Potter ( 4 June 1925 - 23 February 2000 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1940s .
Kalidas Roy ( 1889 - -1975 ) was a poet of the Tagore era of Bengali literature and a teacher .
John Heth ( 1798 -- April 30 , 1842 ) , of Black Heath in Chesterfield County , Virginia , was the son of Colonel Henry `` Harry '' Heth , who had emigrated from England in 1759 , and established himself in the coal business in the Virginia Colony .
David Faderne ( born 15 January 1970 ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Ivy Cavendish - Bentinck , Duchess of Portland DBE ( née Gordon - Lennox ; 16 June 1887 -- 3 March 1982 ) was Duchess of Portland from 1943 - 1977 and afterwards Dowager Duchess .
Frédéric Ebong - Salle , better known as Fred Salle ( born 10 September 1964 ) is a retired athlete who specialized in the long jump .
Maria Areosa ( full name : Maria Costa Macedo Areosa Ribeiro , born 14 September 1984 ) is a professional Portuguese triathlete , Portuguese Duathlon Champion of the year 2010 , and permanent member of the National Team .
Arbër Dhrami ( born 23 June 1988 ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Luftëtari Gjirokastër in the Albanian First Division .
Tristan MacManus ( born 23 July 1982 ) is an Irish dancer , best known for his professional appearances on Dancing with the Stars and Strictly Come Dancing .
Nguyễn Chích ( 阮隻 ) also Nguyễn Chính ( 1382 - -1448 ) was an ethnic - Mường general and advisor of Annamese national leader Lê Lợi .
Keith Price ( born June 28 , 1991 ) is an American and Canadian football quarterback for the Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League .
Edward Withy was born at Bristol on 22 December 1844 , of Quaker stock .
William Mackey Lomasney ( 1841-December 13 , 1884 ) was a member of the Fenian Brotherhood and the Clan na Gael who , during the Fenian dynamite campaign organized by Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa , was killed in a failed attempt to dynamite London Bridge .
Brian Setencich ( born 1962 ) served in the California Assembly for one term from 1994 to 1996 and as Speaker of that body from September 14 , 1995 to January 4 , 1996 .
Floyd Prozanski ( born 1954 ) is an American Democratic politician who is a current member of the Oregon State Senate , representing the 4th District , since 2004 .
Mateja Zver ( born 15 March 1988 ) is a Slovenian football striker who has played for Pomurje in the Slovenian Women 's League and Þór / KA in Iceland 's Úrvalsdeild .
Lucinda Green MBE ( née Prior - Palmer , born 7 November 1953 ) is a British equestrian and journalist who competed in eventing .
Tasmina Ahmed - Sheikh OBE WS NP MP ( born 5 October 1970 ) is a Scottish politician .
John Rawdon , 1st Earl of Moira ( 17 March 1720 -- 20 June 1793 ) , known as Sir John Rawdon , Bt , between 1724 and 1750 and as The Lord Rawdon between 1750 and 1762 , was an Irish peer .
Roland Gerebics ( born 6 September 1979 in Várpalota ) is a Hungarian sport shooter who specializes in the double trap .
Leonora Jakupi ( born 3 March 1979 ) is an Albanian Kosovar singer .
Jacqueline Chabbi ( born in 1943 ) is an historian and a professor of Arab Studies at the University of Paris - VIII ( Paris Saint - Denis ) .
Patricia Meunier - Lebouc ( born 16 November 1972 ) is a French former professional golfer who played on the Ladies European Tour and the LPGA Tour .
Sabine Ehrenfeld ( German pronunciation : ( ˈsaˈbiːnə ˈeːʁənfɛlt ) ; born 27 November 1963 in Mannheim ) is a German model and actress .
Francis Holman ( 1729 - -1784 ) was a British maritime painter , little recognised during his own lifetime , but whose paintings are now sought after .
Nithya Ram ( born Jan 31 1990 ) is an Indian television and film actress who works in Kannada cinema .
Kate Kretz ( born 1963 ) is an American artist born in Grove City , PA , and raised in upstate New York .
Brad Newsham ( born 15 September 1951 ) is a travel writer from San Francisco , US .
Diego Sosa full name Diego Roberto Sosa ( born 17 April 1980 in Buenos Aires ) , is an Argentine footballer .
Milda Valčiukaitė ( born 24 May 1994 ) is a Lithuanian rower , best known for winning gold medals at the 2013 World Rowing Championships and the 2013 European Rowing Championships .
Karen Paterson ( born 18 May 1982 ) is a Scottish ex - professional tennis player who was active between the years 1998 and 2007 .
Ellin Devis ( December 1746 - February 1820 ) was a schoolmistress and author of The Accidence ( 1775 ) , a popular eighteenth - century grammar .
Luis Y. Aragón ( born 1939 in Chihuahua , Chihuahua ) is a Mexican painter and sculptor , best known for his sculpted mural work , as well as the design of the Gawi Tonara award which is given by the state of Chihuahua .
Wade Liddell born 1 June 1979 is a rugby league player for the Easts Tigers in the Queensland Cup .
Rabbi Gedaliah Nadel ( 1923 - -2004 ) is known as one of the heads of Kollel Chazon Ish and was the leading decider of Jewish Law in the Chazon Ish neighborhood of Bene Barak .
Joanne Burns ( born 5 December 1945 ) is a contemporary Australian poet and prose writer , with a strong emphasis on performance in her work .
Hayyim ben Jacob Abulafia ( born 1660 in Hebron , d.1744 in Tiberias,7 Ottoman Syria ) was a rabbinical authority .
Ari Rath ( born 6 January 1925 ) is an Austrian - Israeli journalist and writer .
Cecilia Månsdotter Eka ( c. 1476 - -1523 ) , also called Cecilia of Eka , was a Swedish noblewoman .
Aléxia Zuberer ( born 1972 ) is a Swiss - French ski mountaineer , ski instructor and mountain guide , and took also part in several Himalayan expeditions .
James Powderly ( born 1976 ) is an artist , designer and engineer whose work has focused on creating tools for graffiti artists and political activists , designing robots and promoting open source culture .
Michael Ferris ( 21 November 1931 -- 20 March 2000 ) was an Irish Labour Party politician who served for more than twenty years as a member of the Oireachtas , as both a Senator and a Teachta Dála ( TD ) .
Leonard Henderson ( 1772 - -1833 ) was an American jurist who served as Chief Justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court from 1829 to 1833 , and an associate judge of that court beforehand .
Friedrich Gerhard ( 24 July 1884 -- 16 May 1950 ) was a German equestrian and Olympic champion .
Eleni Filandra ( Greek : Ελενη Φιλανδρα ; born 12 January 1984 ) is a Greek middle - distance runner who specializes in 800 metres .
Roy Wagner ( born 1938 , Cleveland , Ohio ) is a cultural anthropologist who specializes in symbolic anthropology .
José Reynaldo Bencosme de Leon ( 16 May 1992 ) is an Italian 400 m hurdler .
Bernie Murphy ( born 1923 ) was an Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Cork senior team .
Yuliya Levchenko ( Ukrainian : Юлія Левченко ; born 28 November 1997 ) is a high jumper from Ukraine .
Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay ( Bengali : শীর্ষেন্দু মুখোপাধ্যায় ; born 2 November 1935 ) is a Bengali author from India .
Marc Pourpe ( May 17 , 1887 -- December 2 , 1914 ) was a French aviation pioneer and stunt flyer .
Hotte Paksha Rangaswamy ( Kannada : ಹೊಟ್ಟೆ ಪಕ್ಷ ರಂಗಸ್ವಾಮಿ ) ( 1933 -- January 7 , 2007 ) was a political leader from the Indian state of Karnataka , who had a penchant for contesting elections .
Ronan Magill ( born Sheffield , UK , 1954 ) is a British concert pianist and composer .
Mehmed Begzadić ( born 5 January 1993 ) is a Swiss - Bosnian professional footballer currently playing for FC Locarno on loan from FC Lausanne - Sport .
Barton McLean ( born 8 April 1938 ) is an American composer , performer , music reviewer , and writer
Hippolite Cornellier ( 1820 -- May 21 , 1887 ) was a teacher , farmer and political figure in Quebec .
David Lee Pearson , CBE ( born 4 February 1974 ) is a 10-times paralympic games gold medallist having represented British para - equestrianism in Sydney , Athens , Beijing and London .
Yeshey Dorji , commonly known as `` Bumlay '' ( born 2 January 1989 ) is a Bhutanese footballer .
Keith Johnstone ( born February 1933 ) is a British and Canadian pioneer of improvisational theatre , best known for inventing the Impro System , part of which are the Theatresports .
John Talbot , 16th Earl of Shrewsbury , 16th Earl of Waterford ( 1791 - -1852 ) was a British peer and aristocrat .
Pekka Lintu ( born 1947 ) is a Finnish lawyer and diplomat .
Laurel Kenner ( born in Santa Monica , California in 1954 ) is a New York writer .
Steve Swales ( born 26 December 1973 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Scarborough , Reading , Hull City and Halifax Town , before dropping into non - League football .
Dylan Van Unen ( born 22 June 1990 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Major General Ghulam Mujtaba Patang ( born 1963 ) is an Afghan Police Officer and the former Interior Minister of Afghanistan .
Benjamin Lewis Vulliamy ( 25 January 1780 -- 8 January 1854 ) was a clockmaker , active in 18th and 19th century Britain .
Lou Naumovski , also in French `` Louis '' and in Macedonian `` Ljupco '' , ( born 1957 in Bitola , Macedonia ) is a Canadian entrepreneur of Macedonian descent , Vicepresident and Director General of the Moscow Representative Office of the Kinross Gold Corporation , the largest foreign gold miner in Russia .
Arif Yunus ( born 12 January 1955 ) is an Azerbaijani author , historian , and human rights activist .
Youssef Gergi Abed ( 1911 -- December 2006 ) , also known as Pépé Abed , was a Lebanese adventurer , explorer and entrepreneur .
Chen Xilian ( pronounced ( ʈʂʰə̌n ɕíljɛ̌n ) ; January 1915 -- June 1999 ) was a general of People 's Liberation Army of China and a member of the Central Committee Politburo .
Richard Felix ( born 23 February 1949 ) is an English paranormal investigator and historian from Stanley , Derbyshire most noted for his appearances on Living TV 's Most Haunted series .
Sir Henry John Stedman Cotton , KCSI ( 13 September 1845 -- 22 October 1915 ) had a long career in the Indian Civil Service , during which he was sympathetic to Indian nationalism .
Govind Prasad Mishra ( born 2 August 1949 in Kosta Pawai , Sidhi ) is an Indian politician , belonging to Bhartiya Janata Party .
Zerrin Tekindor ( born 5 August 1964 in Burhaniye ) is a Turkish actress and painter .
Bruno Caldini Perone ( born 6 July 1987 ) , or simply Bruno Perone , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre back for Kerala Blasters FC .
Levi Richardson ( 1851 - April 5 , 1879 ) was an Old West gunman , gambler and buffalo hunter .
Eeva Turunen ( née Viljanen ; born 22 June 1933 in Valkjärvi ) is a Finnish secondary school teacher and politician .
Alejandra Llaneza ( born 31 May 1988 ) is a Mexican professional golfer who plays on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour .
Emile La Sére ( 1802 -- August 14 , 1882 ) was a member of the U. S. House of Representatives representing the first district in the state of Louisiana .
Anwar Uddin ( Bengali : আনোয়ার উদ্দিন ; born 1 November 1981 ) is an English retired footballer who is the current the manager of Sporting Bengal United .
Martin Nyrop ( 11 November 1849 -- 18 May 1921 ) was a Danish architect who designed the Copenhagen City Hall , the Vallekilde Højskole , and the majority of the buildings for the Nordic Exhibition of 1888 .
Gunther Hartmann ( born 7 December 1966 in Leutkirch ) is a German clinical pharmacologist and immunologist .
Heinrich Freudweiler , a Swiss portrait and genre painter , was born at Zurich in 1755 , and was first instructed by H. Wüst ; he afterwards studied at the Academies at Düsseldorf and Mannheim , and visited Dresden and Berlin , where he became acquainted with Graf and Chodowiecky .
Shola Adewusi ( born 1963 ) is a British actress of stage , screen and radio .
Charles Jago ( born 1943 ) is an academic and university administrator .
Jim Merkel ( born 1957 ) is an American author and engineer , who moved from involvement in the military industry to advocating simple living .
Kari Kuivalainen ( born 1961 ) is a Finnish singer - songwriter , best known for his participation in the 1986 Eurovision Song Contest .
Petros Matheus dos Santos Araújo ( born 29 May 1989 ) , simply known as Petros , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Betis .
John Kittmer ( born 6 July 1967 ) is a British diplomat currently serving as British Ambassador to Greece .
Zhou Zhonghe ( Chinese : 周忠和 ; born 19 January 1965 , in Jiangdu , Jiangsu province ) is a Chinese palaeontologist .
Dodie Kazanjian ( born 1952 ) is an Armenian - American writer who specializes in the arts .
Soon - Mi Chung ( born 22 February 1952 ) is a South Korean - born Norwegian musician ( viola , violin ) and musical director , married to the violinist Stephan Barratt - Due .
Mike O'Donaghue ( born in 1945 ) is a former Irish Amateur road racing cyclist .
Freeman Fulbright ( 1925 - 1978 ) was a reporter and public relations executive , notable for his coverage of Adlai Stevenson 's 1952 presidential campaign for the International News Service .
Aurélie Muller ( born 7 June 1990 ) is a French swimmer , who specialized in long - distance freestyle events and open water marathon .
Donald Forster ( 1934 -- August 8 , 1983 ) was a Canadian academic .
Gertrude Newsome Jackson ( born 1923 ) was an American community activist in the Delta communities via the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the African - American Civil Rights Movement .
Iain Davidson ( born 14 January 1984 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who is currently at Scottish Championship side Raith Rovers .
Sir David Forbes Hendry , FBA ( born 6 March 1944 ) is a British econometrician , currently a professor of economics and from 2001 - -2007 was Head of the Economics Department at the University of Oxford .
Sergey Vabishchevich ( Russian : Серге́й Вабищевич ; Belarusian : Сяргей Вабiшчэвiч ; born 15 March 1993 ) is a Belarusian professional footballer .
Glen Boss ( born 21 August 1969 in Caboolture ) is an Australian jockey , considered a champion , who is best known for riding Makybe Diva to victory in three consecutive Melbourne Cups - 2003 , 2004 , and 2005 .
Jean Joseph Emile Létiévant ( 1830 - Marboz ( Ain Department ) , Lyons -- 1952 ) was a French surgeon remembered for drawing the first aesthesiography .
Rudi Spring ( born 17 March 1962 ) is a German composer of classical music , pianist and academic .
Bisera Alikadić ( born 8 February 1939 ) is a contemporary Bosnian poet and author , best known best for her work Larva and Krug .
James Lance ( born 29 September 1975 ) is an English actor , best known for his appearances in a number of British comedy series .
Katherine Wei - Sender ( born 4 October 1930 ) , born Yang Xiaoyan ( Chinese : 杨小燕 ) , is a Chinese American contract bridge player .
Michel Nandan ( born 5 April 1958 ) is a Monaco - based motor sport executive .
David Hathorn ( born 21 May 1962 ) is a South African based businessman and chief executive of Mondi Group .
Ghanaram Chakrabarty ( Bengali : ঘনারাম চক্রবর্তী ) ( c. 1669- ? ) was a Bengali poet of the Middle Ages and the greatest contributor to the Dharmamangalkavya tradition of mediaeval Bengali literature .
Nathaniel Whittock ( born 26 January 1791 , died 1860 ) was a Victorian topographical engraver , who published bird's - eye views , e.g. of York ( 1856 ) , Oxford ( 1834 ) , Melbourne , Australia ( 1854 ) , Hull ( 1855 ) , and London ( 1845 , 1849 , 1859 ) .
Rudolf Fizir ( 13 January 1891 -- 11 November 1960 ) was an airplane constructor .
Avraham Michaeli ( Hebrew : אברהם מיכאלי‎ , born 29 March 1957 ) is an Israeli politician .
Ernst Zacharias ( born 21 June 1924 ) is a German musician and engineer .
Bruno Bichir Nájera ; ( 6 October 1967 ) is a Mexican actor .
Paul Blackman ( born 7 December 1958 in Worthing , England ) is a British theatrical producer and director .
Chief Sagwitch , his name meant `` Orator '' , ( 1822 - - March 20 , 1887 ) was born in 1822 on the lower Bear River ( in today 's Box Elder County , Utah ) .
Patrizia Deitos ( born 11 May 1975 in Rimini , Emilia - Romagna , Italy ) is an Italian model .
Ruth Morris Bakwin , MD ( 1898 -- July 31 , 1985 ) was a noted pediatrician and child psychologist and the first woman intern at the Fifth Avenue Hospital in New York City ( now the New York Medical College ) .
William John Bainbrigge Fletcher ( 1879- ? ) was a British consul at Haikou ( at that time romanised as Hoihow ) and the author of books on Chinese poetry such as Gems of Chinese Verse and More gems of Chinese poetry ( 1918 , reprinted 1933 ) .
Patrick Harran ( born 13 July 1969 ) is an American organic chemist who has held the D. J. & J. M. Cram Chair in Organic Chemistry , an endowed chair at the University of California , Los Angeles , since 2008 .
Geoff Brabham ( born 20 March 1952 ) is an Australian racing driver .
Bremer Whidden Pond ( 1884 - -1959 ) was an American landscape architect and professor at Harvard University .
Masahiko Fujiwara ( Japanese : 藤原 正彦 Fujiwara Masahiko ; born July 9 , 1943 in Shinkyo , Manchukuo ( now China ) ) is a Japanese mathematician , who is best known as an essayist .
Daniel Liw ( born 24 January 1979 ) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Dynamo Moscow as a midfielder .
Zwelinzima Vavi ( born 20 December 1962 ) is the former General Secretary of the Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) , and Vice - Chairperson of the Millennium Labour Council .
Sperandia ( or Sperandea ) ( 1216 -- September 11 , 1276 ) is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church .
George McGorlick ( 31 January 1916 -- 17 August 2007 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Stephen Templin ( born 1967 , in San Gabriel , California ) is a New York Times and international best - selling author .
Øystein Wiik ( born 7 July 1956 ) is a Norwegian actor , singer , songwriter and novelist .
Azzam Tamimi ( sometimes spelled Azam Tamimi ; born 1955 ) is a British Palestinian academic and political activist .
Margaret Jackson , AC ( born 17 March 1953 ) is an Australian corporate executive .
Johan Paulik ( born 14 March 1975 ) is the stage name of a Slovak former gay pornographic model .
Jim Field Smith ( born 20 February 1979 ) is an English film and television director , writer and producer .
Bill Venter or William Peter Venter ( born 29 July 1934 in Johannesburg ) , is a South African businessman , entrepreneur and industrialist .
Miri Yusif ( born 27 October 1977 in Baku , Azerbaijani SSR , USSR ) , is an Azerbaijani rapper , singer - songwriter .
Lee Adamson ( born 27 June 1946 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Francis Frederick Brandt ( 1819 , Gawsworth Rectory , Cheshire -- 6 December 1874 , 8 Figtree Court , Temple , London ) was an English barrister and author .
Seán Óg Ó hAilpín ( born 22 May 1977 ) is a Fijian - Irish hurler and Gaelic footballer .
Malvina Pereira ( 1883 , Florianópolis -- ? ) was a Brazilian soprano .
Evandro Adauto da Silva ( born 29 May 1980 ) is a Brazilian footballer as a striker and attacking midfielder .
Carl Morten Amundsen ( born 11 January 1961 ) is a Norwegian dramaturg and theatre director .
Dallas Raines ( born 1954 ) is an American award - winning chief meteorologist at KABC - TV in Los Angeles and was also certified by the American Meteorological Society ( AMS ) .
Bapuji Mudgal Deshpande ( Marathi : बापुजी मुदगल देशपांडे ; 1608 - -1665 ) was a general in the early Maratha Empire during the reign of Shivaji .
Milorad Kukoski ( born 7 December 1987 ) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for RK Metalurg Skopje and for the Macedonia national handball team .
Göran Tunhammar born 22 December 1946 was the Governor of Skåne County from 2006 to 2012 .
Anatoly Donika ( born 20 June 1960 ) is a Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman who was a long - time member of the Sokil Kyiv in the Russian Superleague .
Jean Chastanié ( 24 July 1875 -- 14 April 1948 ) was an early twentieth century French middle - distance athlete who specialised in 2500 metres steeplechase .
Pavel Ploc ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpavɛl ˈplots ) ) ( born 15 June 1964 ) is a Czechoslovakian former ski jumper .
Matthew Marsden ( born 3 March 1973 ) is an English actor , producer , singer , and model .
Dong Qichang ( Chinese : 董其昌 ; pinyin : Dǒng Qíchāng ; Wade -- Giles : Tung Ch'i - ch'ang ; courtesy name Xuanzai ( 玄宰 ) ; 1555 - -1636 ) , was a Chinese painter , scholar , calligrapher , and art theorist of the later period of the Ming Dynasty .
Paul Saffo ( born 1954 in Los Angeles ) is a technology forecaster based in Silicon Valley .
Thoma Orollogaj ( 1888 - -1947 ) was an Albanian jurist , politician and resistance fighter of World War II .
Jacquelyn Dowd Hall was born in 1943 , oldest of five children and daughter to Jinx Dowd .
Jackie Forster ( née Jacqueline Moir Mackenzie ; 6 November 1926 -- 10 October 1998 ) was an English news reporter and lesbian rights activist .
Susan Andersen ( born 1950 ) is an American writer of romance novels since 1989 .
Anthony R. Suarez ( born 1967 ) is a New Jersey attorney and has served as Mayor of Ridgefield , New Jersey since 2004 .
Robbie Buchanan ( born 1957 ) is a Canadian keyboardist , songwriter , arranger , and producer .
Elias Nassar ( born 25 October 1960 in Sarba , Lebanon ) is the current eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon .
Robert Hall , the elder ( 1728 - -1791 ) was an English Particular Baptist minister , known as an opponent of hyper - Calvinism .
Cornelia Scheffer ( née Lamme ; 23 April 1769 -- 4 July 1839 ) was a Dutch painter and portrait miniaturist .
Dorothy Hyman ( born 9 May 1941 ) is a retired English sprinter .
Ignaz Friedrich Tausch ( 1793 , Theusing -- 1848 ) was a Bohemian botanist .
Sergei Petrovich Mitrofanov ( Russian : Сергей Петрович Митрофанов , 25 September 1915 - 24 October 2003 ) was a Russian scientist in the field of industrial engineering .
Grégoire Ndahimana ( born 1952 ) is the former mayor of Kivumu , Rwanda .
Carlo Cecere ( 7 November 1706 -- 15 February 1761 ) was an Italian composer of operas , concertos and instrumental duets including , for example , some mandolin duets and a concerto for mandolin .
Suetonius Grant Heatly ( sometimes spelled as Heatley ) ( 1751 - -1793 ) was a judge employed by the British East India Company and , with John Sumner , established what is considered to be the first coal mine in India .
Khalil Madovi ( born 10 November 1997 ) is an English actor and rapper from Sale , Greater Manchester who plays Josh Carter on the 4 O'Clock Club .
Zhu Xingliang ( Chinese : 朱兴良 ; born 1959 ) is a Chinese entrepreneur , the founder of Suzhou Gold Mantis Construction Decorationn , an interior design and decoration company .
Halil Altındere ( born in 1971 in Mardin , lives in Istanbul ) is a contemporary artist focusing on the resistance to repressive structures and marginalization within official systems of representation , such as humorously manipulating state documents and official insignia such as flags , passports and banknotes .
Bruno Ghedina ( born 21 February 1943 ) is a retired Italian ice hockey player who competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics .
Brian Ulrich ( born 1971 ) is an American photographer known for his photographic exploration of consumer culture .
Pernilla Lindberg ( born 13 July 1986 ) is a Swedish professional golfer on the U.S .- based LPGA Tour and the Ladies European Tour .
Ghiyasuddin Azam Shah ( Bengali : গিয়াসউদ্দীন আজম শাহ ; 1390 - -1411 CE ) was the third Sultan of the first Iliyas Shahi dynasty of Bengal .
Nissim Mossek ( Hebrew : ניסים מוסק‎ ; born 1948 ) is an Israeli documentary film director , writer and producer for film and television .
Jamie Moul ( born 26 September 1984 ) is an English professional golfer who became the third man to top the World Amateur Golf Ranking on 13 February 2007 .
Arthur Campbell Burt ( c. 1892 -- April 6 , 1950 ) was a veterinarian and political figure in Ontario .
Pragyan Ojha ( born 5 September 1986 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Indian national cricket team .
Claudia Schmidt ( born 1953 ) is a musician , originally from New Baltimore , Michigan , who has recorded folk , jazz , blues , and spoken word albums .
John Constandinou ( born 16 July 1972 ) is an athlete who competes internationally for Cyprus in the event of racewalking .
Santosh Danve ( born 15 December 1986)is Youngest Member of 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly belongs to Bhartiya Janata Party .
Antonio Pio Saracino ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈtɔːnjo ˈpiːo saraˈtʃiːno ) ; born 1976 ) is an Italian architect and designer based in New York City .
Isaías Cortés Berumen ( born 14 October 1972 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PAN .
Kamil Giżycki ( born 19 August 1893 at Grybów , 19 April 1968 at Wrocław ) was a Polish writer and traveler .
Clodagh Rodgers ( born 5 March 1947 ) is a singer and actress from Northern Ireland , best known for her hit singles including , `` Come Back and Shake Me '' and `` Jack in the Box '' .
Bruno Leibundgut ( * 1 . April 1960 ) is a Swiss astronomer born in Basel .
Edwin Henry Mason Smith ( also known as Henry Smith ) is a former Jeweller Edwin Henry Mason Smith was born at 6 Constantine Street , in Plymouth , Devonshire on 20 July 1886 .
Stina Svensson ( born 1970 ) is a Swedish politician , and since March 2011 spokesperson of the Feminist Initiative party , serving together with Gudrun Schyman and Sissela Nordling Blanco .
Domenik Osen ( 1891 - -1970 ) , also known as Erwin Dom Osen and Mime Van Osen , was an Austrian mime artist .
Rob van Empel ( born 17 July 1941 ) is a retired Dutch breaststroke swimmer .
Fernando De Luca ( born in Rome in 1961 ) is an Italian harpsichordist , teacher and composer .
Daryl Wiberg ( born 1951 ) was a Canadian politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan from 1999 to 2003 , as a Saskatchewan Party member for the constituency of Saskatchewan Rivers .
Leonel Romero ( born 28 January 1987 ) is a Peruvian football defender , currently playing for Swiss club Young Fellows Juventus .
Pál Romány ( born 17 November 1929 ) is a Hungarian agrarian engineer and former Communist politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture and Food between 1975 and 1980 .
Danny Russell ( born 24 December 1969 ) is a rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at representative level for Scotland , playing at the 2000 Rugby League World Cup , and at club level for Manly - Warringah Sea Eagles , Carlisle , and Huddersfield , as a Hooker .
Vassilis Mazomenos ( Greek : Βασίλης Μαζωμένος ; born 1964 , Athens ) is an acclaimed producer , Scriptwriter and director .
Gabriel Levin , poet and translator , the son of the American novelist Meyer Levin ( best known for Compulsion , the first `` non - fiction novel '' ) and French novelist Tereska Torres , was born in France in 1948 .
Richie Gudgeon ( born 1980 in Gulgong , NSW ) is an Australian actor , known for his role as Aaron Welles in the television soap opera Home and Away from 1997 to 1999 .
Wong Kew - Lit , born June 1971 , is a prolific Malaysian born director / producer .
Martin Rössel ( born 8 April 1959 ) , is a Swedish musician and producer .
Mark Mandy ( born 19 November 1972 ) is a retired Irish high jumper who grew up in England and competed for the Republic of Ireland by virtute of the fact he had a grandfather from Dublin .
Silvia Dimitrova ( Bulgarian : Силвия Димитрова ) ( born 1970 ) in Pleven ) is an icon painter .
Germaine Arnaktauyok ( b. 1946 ) is an Inuk printmaker , painter , and drawer originating from the Igloolik area of Nunavut , then the Northwest Territories .
Vinayagamoorthy Muralitharan ( nom de guerre : Colonel Karuna Amman ; Tamil : விநாயகமூர்த்தி முரளிதரன் , born 1966 ) is a Sri Lankan politician and former militant .
Jani Allan ( born 11 September 1952 ) is a South African author and columnist .
Fausto Poli ( 17 February 1581 -- 7 October 1653 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate and Cardinal .
Dan Whitehurst ( born in Los Banos , California in 1948 ) , was a California politician .
Joshua Livestro ( born 16 December 1970 in Amersfoort ) is a Dutch columnist and political writer .
James O'Kelly ( born 1735 ; died October 16 , 1826 in Chatham County , North Carolina ) was an American clergyman during the Second Great Awakening and an important figure in the early history of Methodism in America .
Shane Kenward ( born 7 March 1972 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for Gold Coast Chargers , St. George Dragons , Salford , Wakefield Trinity and North Queensland Cowboys , as a Stand - off / Five - eighth .
Abraham Lishinsky ( 1905 - -1982 ) is an American artist of the 20th Century , a painter and playwright , best known for seven murals completed for the federally funded agencies of the New Deal programs of the 1930s and 1940s .
Lera Lynn ( born December 5 , 1984 ) is an American singer , songwriter , musician , and actress .
Kenny Dyer ( born 7 September 1964 ) is a football player and former coach of the national team of Montserrat .
Captain Ralph Dominic Gamble MC was born in Simla , India in 1897 .
Loïc Duval ( Pronounced : i / loʊˈiːk duːˈvæl/ LOH - eek DOO - val , born 12 June 1982 ) is a French professional racing driver .
Hugh Calkins ( February 20 , 1924 -- August 4 , 2014 ) was an American lawyer and educator , who served as a member of the Harvard Corporation from 1968 to 1985 .
Katie Fforde , née Catherine Rose Gordon - Cumming ( born 27 September 1952 ) , is a British romance novelist .
Samuel Cotes ( 1734 - -1818 ) was a younger brother of Francis Cotes , R.A ..
Johan Östblom ( born 21 April 1982 ) is a Swedish bandy player who plays for the Russian club SKA - Neftyanik .
James R. Von Ehr II ( born in 1950 ) is an American programmer , inventor and entrepreneur .
Geoff Plant , QC ( born c. 1956 ) is a British Columbia lawyer and retired politician known for his interest in citizen 's legal and electoral rights and aboriginal rights .
Matt Shipway ( born 11 September 1985 ) is an American Australian former professional rugby league footballer and current coach of the Port Macquarie Sharks .
Rainer Seegers ( born 6 August 1952 in Dessau ) , is a German percussionist , timpanist of the Berlin Philharmonic , tutor of the European Union Youth Orchestra and guest professor at the Hochschule für Musik `` Hanns Eisler '' .
Madeleine Grynsztejn ( born 1962 ) is the Pritzker Director of the Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago .
Anders Gløersen ( born 22 May 1986 ) is a Norwegian cross - country skier who has competed since 2005 .
Valdemar Adolph Thisted ( 28 February 1815 -- 14 October 1887 ) was a Danish writer , translator and priest .
Mauro Gilardi ( born 21 December 1982 ) is an Italian professional football player .
Pierre - Georges Roy , KCSG , FRSC ( 23 October 1870 -- 4 November 1953 ) was a Canadian journalist , historian , and archivist .
Dele Young ( born 18 April 1964 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States who represented Kenya at the 1982 Wimbledon Championships .
Bibhuti Bhushan Nayak ( born 1965 ) is an Indian journalist , who holds seven Guinness World Records and 12 Limca Book Records in physical strength to his name .
Boby Techi ( Hindi : बोबी तेची ) ( born 9 January 1990 ) is an Indian indie pop - folk singer - songwriter and actor .
Uuno Kailas , born Frans Uno Salonen ( 29 March 1901 -- 22 March 1933 ) was a Finnish poet , author , and translator .
Christina Cock ( née Clay ; 25 December 1887 -- 22 May 2002 ) is recorded as the oldest verified supercentenarian in Australian history , aged 114 years , 148 days when she died .
Karl - Ludwig Barths ( born 13 May 1920 ) is a former German officer and businessman who lived and worked for nearly a decade in Canada .
Ali Özkaya ( born 20 April 1970 ) is a Turkish politician and lawyer from the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) , who has served as a Member of Parliament for Afyonkarahisar since 7 June 2015 .
Jean - Armand de Bessuéjouls Roquelaure ( Lassouts , Aveyron 24 February 1721 -- 23 April 1818 ) , was Archbishop of Mechelen , Belgium .
Peter Elyakim Taussig ( born 1944 ) is a Czechoslovak - Israeli - Canadian - American composer , author , video artist , pianist , comedian , and developer of music technology tools .
Sidney Colônia Cunha ( 28 June 1935 -- 16 April 2011 ) , commonly known as Chinesinho , was a Brazilian footballer who played at both professional and international levels , as a midfielder .
Christian Schoen ( born 1970 in Marburg ) is a German art historian and curator .
Philip Pembroke Stephens ( 1903 - -1937 ) was a journalist , foreign correspondent for the Daily Express and the Daily Telegraph .
Sean Matgamna , also known as John O'Mahony ( born 1941 ) , is a Trotskyist theorist .
Chad Davidson ( born 1970 in Southern California ) is an American poet and translator .
Dimitris Tsiogas ( Greek : Δημήτρης Τσιόγκας ) ( born 1956 in Dolichi , Elassona - died 2010 in Larissa ) was a Greek politician .
John Criscitello ( born 1967 Binghamton , New York ) is a multimedia video artist currently residing in Seattle , Washington .
Wilton Taylor ( 1869- January 24 , 1925 ) was an American stage and silent screen actor .
Khalid Amayreh ( Arabic : خالد عمايرة‎ , b. 1957 Hebron ) is a Palestinian journalist based in Dura , near Hebron .
Just Bing Ebbesen ( 17 April 1847 -- 24 May 1929 ) was a Norwegian priest and politician .
Jeff Torrington ( 31 December 1935 -- 11 May 2008 ) was a novelist from Glasgow in Scotland .
Cecil Augusta ( born 1920 ) is an American Delta blues singer and guitarist , recorded by Alan Lomax in Memphis , Tennessee in 1959 .
Shervin Radjabali - Fardi ( Persian : شروین رجب‌علی‌فردی ) ( born 17 May 1991 ) is an Iranian - German footballer who plays for German 3 .
Timothy Garton Ash CMG FRSA ( born 12 July 1955 ) is a British historian , author and commentator .
Herbert William Charles Kempton Dyson , M.I.Struct . E. ( 1880 - -1944 ) , known professionally as H. Kempton Dyson , was an English structural engineer , civil engineer , architect , editor and author who specialised in reinforced concrete structures .
Masataka Yanagida , born 4 June 1979 in Tokyo , is a Japanese racing driver .
Alenka Godec ( born 5 November 1964 in Ljubljana ) is a Slovenian jazz and pop singer .
Sibel Redžep ( Turkish : Sibel Recep , Macedonian : Сибел Реџеп ) ( born 12 December 1987 , Radoviš , Socialist Republic of Macedonia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian - born Swedish pop singer of Turkish descent .
Amol Rajan ( born 4 July 1983 ) is the editor of The Independent newspaper .
Theodor Landscheidt ( Bremen , 1927 -- May 20 , 2004 ) was a German author , astrologer and amateur climatologist .
Michael Mallory ( born in Port Huron , Michigan in 1955 ) is a writer on the subjects of animation and post - war pop culture , and the author of the books X - Men :
Christina Lamb OBE ( born 15 May 1966 ) is a British journalist who is currently Foreign Correspondent for The Sunday Times .
Nico Neidhart ( born 27 September 1994 ) is a German footballer who plays for FC Schalke 04 II . He made his debut for the club in August 2012 , as a substitute for Marcus Piossek in a 3 - -0 away defeat to Stuttgarter Kickers .
Ara Bartlett ( born Bethany , Pennsylvania , 1825 ; died after 1880 ) was an American lawyer and judge who was the second Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Dakota Territory .
Oyuunbatyn Bayarjargal ( Mongolian : Оюунбатын Баяржаргал ; born 16 August 1989 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Otar Arveladze ( Georgian : ოთარ არველაძე ; born 3 January 1992 ) is a Georgian footballer playing currently for Sakartvelos Universiteti in Meore Liga .
Igor Štuhec ( born 15 December 1932 ) is a contemporary Slovenian composer , who lives in Ljubljana and Maribor .
Jacob Willemsz Delff the Younger ( 1619 , Delft -- 1661 , Delft ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
John Chryssavgis ( born 1 April 1958 ) is an author and theologian who serves as advisor to the Ecumenical Patriarch on environmental issues .
Herbert Rawdon ( 30 December 1904 - December 1975 in Wichita , Kansas ) was an American aviation pioneer .
Manuel Angelilli ( born 5 August 1990 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as striker for Prima Divisione club Recanatese .
Pierre Pescatore ( 20 November 1919 -- 2 February 2010 ) was a Luxembourgian professor and a judge at the European Court of Justice .
Magnus Pegel ( or Pegelius or Pegelow ) ( 15 May 1547 -- 1619 ) was a German doctor and mathematician .
Tisavarakumarn Damrong Rajanubhab ( สมเด็จพระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ พระองค์เจ้าดิศวรกุมาร กรมพระยาดำรงราชานุภาพ ; rtgs : Ditsawarakuman Damrongrachanuphap ) ( 21 June 1862 -- 1 December 1943 ) was the founder of the modern Thai education system as well as the modern provincial administration .
Jean Chalette ( 27 December 1581 ( baptised ) -- 2 October 1643 ) was a French miniature and portrait painter .
Yvette Baker ( born Yvette Hague , 1968 ) is Britain 's most successful orienteer .
Sharon Hedrick ( born 26 April 1956 ) is an American former paralympic swimmer , wheelchair racer and wheelchair basketballer .
Irene Camber or Irene Camber - Corno ( born 12 February 1926 ) is an Italian fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition .
Patrick Sheane Duncan ( born 1947 ) is an American writer , film producer and director .
Jewgienija Biczugowa ( born in 1958 ) - Russian cross - country skier , since 2010 representing Italy .
J. Revell Carr ( born 1939 ) is an American author , historian , curator and museum director .
Lydia Venieri ( born 1964 ) is a Greek artist , and a descendant of the Greek branch of the House of Venier .
Ignasi Terraza ( born 14 July 1962 ) , is a Catalan jazz pianist .
Thorsten Becker ( born 13 May 1980 ) is a German footballer , who in 1992 moved from Fortuna Schlangen to SC Paderborn and has played in the club 's first - team squad from 2001 to 2009 .
Cornelis Danckerts de Ry ( 1561 - -1634 ) was a Dutch Golden Age architect and sculptor .
Józef Bielak ( 1741 in Łowczyce -- 11 June 1794 ) was a Generał brygady in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth army .
Sukma Ayu ( 10 November 1979 -- 25 September 2004 ) was an Indonesian actor and director who was most noted for playing Rohaye in the popular TV sitcom Kecil Kecil Jadi Manten .
Carl Heins ( 1859 - 10 September 1923 ) was a German pianist , and a composer of light salon music in classical music style .
David Browne ( born 19 May 1960 ) is an American journalist and author .
Daniel Bar - Tal ( Hebrew : דניאל בר - טל‎ ; born 1946 ) is an Israeli academic , author and Branco Weiss Professor of Research in Child Development and Education at School of Education , Tel Aviv University .
Justin Warfield ( born 20 April 1973 ) is a musician and hip hop emcee of African - American and Jewish Russian - Romanian maternal parentage , who was half of the darkwave duo She Wants Revenge .
Andrew Robert Fausset ( 1821 - -1910 ) was an Irish Anglican clergyman , now known as a biblical commentator .
Bhairavi Goswami , ( born 12 November 1984 ) is an Indian - born actress , television host and humanitarian .
Edward Johnston , CBE ( 11 February 1872 -- 26 November 1944 ) was a Uruguayan and British craftsman who is regarded , with Rudolf Koch , as the father of modern calligraphy , in the particular form of the broad edged pen as a writing tool .
Jakub Janda ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjakup ˈjanda ) ) ( born 27 April 1978 ) is a Czech ski jumper .
Anthony Fernandes ( born 6 July 1936 in Mangalore , Karnataka , India ) is the first Bishop of the Diocese of Bareilly , within the Catholic Church in India .
Eduardo Luís Carloto ( or spelt as Carlotto ) ( born 4 April 1981 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Jan Syrový ( 24 January 1888 -- 17 October 1970 ) was a Czechoslovak Army four star general and the prime minister during the Munich Crisis .
Li Bifeng ( born 1965 in China ) is a Chinese activist and poet .
Tom Switzer ( born 1971 ) is an Australian conservative columnist and foreign policy analyst .
Tomas Ražanauskas ( born 7 January 1976 ) is a Lithuanian former professional footballer , currently the assistant manager of Daugava Rīga in the Latvian Higher League .
Mary - Estelle Mahuk ( née Kapalu born 11 August 1966 in Tanna ) is a Vanuatuan athlete .
Željko Joksimović , often credited as Zeljko Joksimovic , ( pronounced ( ʒěːʎko jôksimoʋitɕ ) ; born 20 April 1972 ) is a Serbian singer , composer songwriter , multi - instrumentalist and producer .
Ali Yassin Mohamed ( Somali : Cali Yaasiin Maxamed , Arabic : علي ياسين محمد‎ ) ( born 24 December 1965 ) is a Somali - Swedish Islamist militant .
Peter K. Homer ( born 1961 ) of Southwest Harbor , Maine , won $ 200,000 from NASA for his entry in the Astronaut Glove Challenge .
Damiano Cunego ( born 19 September 1981 in Cerro Veronese , Veneto ) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist who rides for the Italian UCI Pro Continental Nippo--
Sir Thomas Dutton ( 1 August 1421 -- 23 September 1459 ) was a medieval English knight .
Franco Chiavarini ( born 18 February 1980 ) is an Argentine footballer
Kang Jiaqi ( Chinese : 康佳琪 ; pinyin : Kāng Jiāqí ; born 19 July 1997 ) is a Chinese tennis player .
Connie Keane ( born 1930 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing - back for the Tipperary senior team .
Captain Christopher Becker Greene ( 1901 - October 20 , 1944 ) was the head of the Greene Line of steamboats after the death of his father .
Rachel Friend ( born 8 January 1970 ) is an Australian actress and journalist .
Lily Renée Wilheim Peters Phillips , ( born Lily Renée Wilheim , c. 1925 , Vienna , Austria ) , often credited as L. Renée , Lily Renée , or Reney , is an Austrian - American artist , writer , and playwright .
Léon Kengo Wa Dondo ( born Leon Lubicz ; 22 May 1935 ) served as the `` first state commissioner '' ( a title equivalent to prime minister ) several times under Mobutu Sese Seko in Zaïre .
Zahra Amir Ebrahimi ( Persian : زهرا اميرابراهيمی‎‎ ) ( born 1981 ) is an Iranian photographer , television actress and short movies director .
Jaiveer Shergill ( born 28 June 1983 ) is a practicing lawyer in the Supreme Court of India and a politician belonging to the Indian National Congress party .
Leo Tasker ( 21 October 1900 -- 1 June 1948 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Nicholas Shackell ( also Nick ) ( born 31 October 1974 ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Great Britain .
Ben Dodwell ( born 17 April 1972 in Melbourne ) is an Australian Olympic medal winning rower .
Kjell Grønhaug ( 1935 ) is a Norwegian organizational theorist , management consultant and Professor emeritus of Business Administration at the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration .
Fernand Nault , OC , CQ ( 27 December 1920 -- 26 December 2006 ) was a Canadian dancer and choreographer .
Chen Tianzhuo ( Chinese : 陈天灼 ; born 1985 in Beijing ) is a Chinese contemporary artist known for outlandish performance video work and installations .
Jemima Nicholas ( also spelt Niclas ; circa 1750 -- July 1832 ) , also known as Jemima Fawr , was a Welsh heroine during the 1797 Battle of Fishguard ( commonly known as the last invasion of Britain ) .
Richard Gaddes ( born 23 May 1942 ) is an English opera company administrator based in the United States .
Yevheniya Vysotska ( or spelled as Yevheniya Vysotska or Evgeniya Visockaya ) ( Ukrainian : Євгенія Висоцька ; born 11 December 1975 ) is a Ukrainian racing cyclist .
Johnathan Lee Iverson ( born 1976 ) became the first African - American ringmaster of a major U.S. circus in 1999 at the age of 22 when he won the position at Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus .
Stipe Žunić ( born 13 December 1990 ) is a Croatian athlete specialising in the shot put , having switched from the javelin throw in 2013 .
Giovanna Fratellini ( 1666 -- 1731 ) was a Florentine artist during the Baroque period .
Mayra Montero ( born 1952 ) is a well - known Cuban - Puerto Rican writer .
Hasan Tahsini ( 7 April 1811 -- 3 July 1881 ) also known as Hoxha Tahsin was an Albanian astronomer , mathematician and philosopher .
Date of birth : 5 September 1949 Bharat Patankar was born in a village called Kasegoan , near Satara and Kolhapur Kolhapur in the State of Maharashtra in India .
Thomas Fisher Unwin ( 24 January 1848 -- 6 February 1935 ) was an English publisher who founded the publishing house T. Fisher Unwin in 1882 .
Shadrack Hoff ( born 19 May 1973 ) is a South African runner , twice national men 's 5.000 metres champion .
Michael Hồ Đình Hy ( 胡廷西 ; 1808 -- May 22 , 1857 ) was a Vietnamese mandarin official who was martyred for his Roman Catholic belief during the persecutions by Emperor Tự Đức .
Levi Morgan ( born 26 June 1766 in Morgantown , West Virginia ) is regarded as one of the greatest frontiersmen in West Virginia history .
David Vern Reed ( 1924 - -1989 ) born David Levine , was an American writer , best known for his work on the Batman comic book during the 1950s , in a run that included a revamp of the Batplane in Batman # 61 and the introduction of Deadshot in Batman # 59 .
Guido Brepoels ( born 7 June 1961 ) is a former Belgian football player who was last managing KFC Esperanza Pelt in the 4th National division C.
Kang Duk - soo ( born 18 August 1950 in Seonsan , Gyeongsangbuk - do , South Korea ) is a Korean businessman .
Anna Zofia Mackiewicz ( born 17 September 1963 ) is a Polish politician , and currently is a Member of the Bydgoszcz City Council representing the 6th district .
Gerald Krasner FCA , FABCA ( born 1949 ) was a partner in Bartfields , a corporate recovery firm based in the United Kingdom .
Johnathan Staci Kim ( born Sung Joon Kim , March 2 , 1971 ) is an American theater , film and television actor .
Hasan Arfa ( 1895 -- 1984 ) was an Iranian general and ambassador of the Pahlavi dynasty .
Edward Ayscu , Ayscough or Askew ( 1550 - -1616/17 ) , was an English historian .
Bill Serong ( born 5 May 1936 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood and North Melbourne in the VFL .
Hans von Bodeck ( 1582 - -1658 ) was a German diplomat and chancellor of the Hohenzollern Prince - electors of Brandenburg - Prussia .
Mladen Rakčević ( born 10 February 1982 in Cetiǌe ) is a Montenegrin handballer who plays as a pivot for HC Dobrogea Sud Constanţa in the Division A and the Montenegrin national team .
Bonnie Adair was born in El Segundo , California in 1952 , and started swimming and diving at age 5 .
Marya Roxx ( born Maarja Kivi on 18 January 1986 ) is an Estonian hard rock / metal singer - songwriter residing in Los Angeles .
Robin Lloyd - Jones ( born 1934 ) is a writer of both fiction and non - fiction who grew up in India before being educated at Blundell 's School in Devon and Cambridge University where he gained an MA in Social Anthropology .
Liam Lawrence ( born 14 December 1981 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bristol Rovers in England 's League Two .
Brendan Balfe ( born 19 September 1945 in Dublin ) is an Irish radio personality , who has been on - air consistently for more than 40 years on RTÉ .
Manuel Pereiras García ( born 1950 ) is the author and translator of numerous plays in English and Spanish .
Michael Teig ( born 1968 ) , is an American poet and a founding editor of the American literary journal , jubilat .
Edward Wooster ( 1622 in England -- July 8 , 1689 ) was an English early settler of Colonial America , and `` the first permanent settler in Derby '' , Connecticut .
Frank S. Blair ( 1839 -- January 14 , 1899 ) was a Virginia lawyer who served as Attorney General of Virginia .
Ian Kennedy Martin ( born 23 May 1936 ) is a British television scriptwriter .
Manoharan s / o Malayalam ( born 13 September 1961 ) more commonly known as M. Manoharan is a prominent Malaysian lawyer was the State Assemblyman for Kota Alam Shah in the Selangor State Assembly .
Pietro Bragaglia ( 1890 - ? ) was an Italian gymnast , best known to be the first Italian flag bearer at the Summer Olympics .
Cascy Beddow ( born 27 July 1982 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian actor who has appeared in Blade :
Roger Ruskin Spear ( born 29 June 1943 in Hammersmith , London ) is a multi - instrumentalist ( saxophones , clarinet , piano , guitars , percussion ) who was a member of the Bonzo Dog Doo - Dah Band .
David W. Márquez ( born 1946 in Janesville , Wisconsin ) is an American lawyer and politician , and the former attorney general of the state of Alaska .
Yehuda Harel ( Hebrew : יהודה הראל‎ , born 11 November 1934 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for The Third Way between 1996 and 1999 .
Rósa Guðmundsdóttir ( 1795 - -1855 ) , was an Icelandic poet .
Syed Kawsar Jamal who was born in the village of Murshidabad , West Bengal , India on 24 October 1950 , is an eminent poet and essayist in Bengali .
Nasir Gebelli ( Persian : ناصر جبلی‎‎ , also Nasser Gebelli , born 1957 ) is an Iranian - American programmer and video game developer .
Palle Rømer Fleischer ( 25 October 1781 -- 4 April 1851 ) was a Norwegian Military Officer and Government Minister .
Jack Wild ( 30 September 1952 -- 1 March 2006 ) was an English actor , known for his teenage performances as the Artful Dodger in Oliver ! ( 1968 ) and as Jimmy in the NBC children 's television series H.R. Pufnstuf ( 1969 ) .
Gerard Tuite ( born 1955 ) was a senior member of the Provisional Irish Republican Army .
Thomas Van Hamme ( born 10 February 1969 ) is a radio and TV moderator of the Walloon Broadcaster RTBF .
Han Hsiang - ning ( born 13 May 1939 , Chinese : 韩湘宁 ; Chinese : 韓湘寧 ; pinyin : Hán Xiángníng ) is a Chinese American artist .
Beny Alagem ( born 1953 in Israel ) is an Israeli American entrepreneur , business executive , hotelier and philanthropist .
Malcolm Azania ( born 1969 ) , is a Kenyan - Canadian novelist , teacher , writer , and journalist who is primarily referred to by his pen name , Minister Faust .
Tímea Szögi ( born 20 February 1990 in Szeged ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a playmaker .
Jonathan Clancy ( born 12 March 1986 ) is an Irish hurler who played in a variety of positions but mostly at midfield for the Clare senior team .
Nathaniel Charles Jacob Rothschild , 4th Baron Rothschild , Bt , OM , GBE , FBA ( born 29 April 1936 ) is a British investment banker and a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family .
Dary Matera ( born 1955 ) is an America author and newspaper columnist who specializes in real - life casebooks .
Fred Onovwerosuoke ( born 1960 ) is an American composer born in Ghana of Nigerian parents .
Mark Finn ( born October 1969 ) is a science fiction and fantasy writer , essayist , and playwright .
Sam Kiley ( born 1964 ) , is the Foreign Affairs Editor of Sky News , which he joined in September 2012 .
Azmeraw Bekele Molalign ( born 22 January 1986 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes in road running and cross country running competitions .
Pete Riley ( born 26 February 1969 in Liverpool , England ) is a British acoustic rock singer - songwriter and musician .
Wang Lan ( Chinese : 王藍,1922 - -2003 ) was a Taiwanese writer , artist and a National Assembly of the Republic of China deputy .
Tomas Evjen ( 10 October 1972 -- 11 September 2012 ) was a Norwegian editor , media personality and film producer .
Chen Jianhua ( Chinese : 陈建华 ; pinyin : Chén Jiànhuá ; born March 1956 ) is the current Chairman of the Standing Committee of the Guangzhou People 's Congress in the People 's Republic of China .
Bibbe Hansen ( born 1952 ) is a performance artist , musician , and actress .
Borghese di Piero Borghese , also Borghese di Piero , ( 1397 -- c. 1463 ) was an Italian painter of the Florentine School and Renaissance art . He should not be confused with Piero della Francesca whose real name was Pietro Borghese .
Gianluca Temelin ( born 5 August 1976 ) is an Italian association footballer who plays for Reggiana of Lega Pro Prima Divisione .
Stefan Pac ( c. 1587 - -1640 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian nobleman , politician and magnate .
Richard Langmead , born 31 December 1972 in Llantrisant , Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , is a former rugby union player .
Stein Erik Lunde ( born 22 November 1953 ) is a Norwegian novelist , children 's writer , biographer and textbook writer .
Cristóbal Diatristán de Acuña ( 1597 -- c. 1676 ) was a Spanish missionary and explorer .
Mike Mennard ( born 1967 in Ft . Worth , Texas ) is a children 's recording artist based in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Masahudu Alhassan ( born 1 December 1992 ) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays professionally for Italian club Perugia on loan from Udinese , as a left back .
Ludwik Holcman ( 1889- August 1942 ) was a Jewish - Polish violinist .
Réda Abdenouz ( Arabic : رضا عبد النوز‎ ; born 25 September 1968 in Hussein Dey , Algiers Province ) is a retired Algerian middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Dalila Di Lazzaro ( born 29 January 1953 ) is an Italian model , actress and writer .
Zalathiel Vargas ( born 1941 ) is a Mexican artist best known for his work in underground comix and illustrations .
Erol Sabancı ( born 1938 ) , a member of the Sabancı family , is a billionaire Turkish banker .
Lorrie Sprecher ( born 18 July 1960 ) is a writer , musician , and activist .
Sarah Langan ( born 1974 ) is an American horror author and three - time Bram Stoker Award winner .
Thomas Horspool ( born about 1830 ) was a British runner who set several world records in the mile soon after relatively precise running tracks and accurate timing devices came into use in the mid-19th century .
Adriënne Herzog ( born 30 September 1985 ) is a Dutch middle- and long - distance runner .
David Lyttle ( born 21 June 1984 ) is a musician , songwriter , producer , composer and record label owner from Northern Ireland .
Stephen Bambury ( born 1951 ) is Christchurch - born , Auckland - based abstract painter .
Krzysztof Starnawski ( born 1968 ) is a Polish technical and cave diver and International Association of Nitrox and Technical Divers ( IANTD ) , Confédération Mondiale des Activités Subaquatiques ( CMAS ) , French Federation of Speleology ( FFS ) diving instructor .
Jargalyn Tsatsral ( Mongolian : Жаргалын Цацрал ; born 22 June 1987 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Dražen Šćuri ( 7 January 1962 ) is the acting commander of the Croatian Air Force and Air Defense since 2009 .
Salomon Tandeng Muna ( 1912 -- January 22 , 2002 ) was a Cameroonian politician of the UNC .
Gyula Kovács ( 4 October 1875 -- ? ) was a Hungarian politician , Member of Parliament , who attempted to assassinate House Speaker István Tisza on 7 June 1912 .
Dean Puckett ( 15 January 1982 ) is an English activist and documentary filmmaker .
Howell Peregrine ( 30 December 1938 -- 20 March 2007 ) was a British applied mathematician noted for his contributions to fluid mechanics , especially of free surface flows such as water waves , and coastal engineering .
King Hyeonjong of Joseon ( 15 March 1641 -- 17 September 1675 ) was the 18th monarch of the Korean Joseon Dynasty , reigning from 1659 to 1675 .
Cameron Hunter ( born 30 March 1984 ) is a former Australian rules footballer , who played with the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and currently plays with Sandringham in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) , having previously played with Box Hill .
Finn Bergesen ( 3 September 1945 -- 11 September 2012 ) was a Norwegian civil servant and businessperson .
Lewis Nicola ( 1717 -- August 9 , 1807 ) was an Irish - born French - American military officer , merchant , and writer who held various military and civilian positions throughout his career .
Pedro Martínez de Eulate Maestresalas , know also as Martínez de Eulate or Eulate ( born 17 August 1979 ) , is a Basque pelota player of hand modality , plays on defense , winner of two doubles tournaments .
Gianni Agus ( 17 August 1917 -- 4 March 1994 ) was an Italian actor with a career in film , television , and theatre since 1938 .
Mark Howard James ( born October 16 , 1961 ) professionally known as The 45 King ( also mistakenly known as DJ Mark the 45 King ) , is an American hip hop record producer and disc jockey ( DJ ) from The Bronx borough of New York City .
Thomas Möller ( born 1964 ) is a former president of the Hells Angels in Sweden , currently residing in either South Africa or Sweden .
Alastair King ( born 1967 ) is a British composer , perhaps best known for his music for film and television .
Ilya Gringolts ( born 2 July 1982 in Leningrad ( now St. Petersburg ) ) is a Russian violinist and composer .
Mother Mary Bernard Kirwan , P.B.V.M. ( 1797 - 27 February 1857 ) , was the leader of the first community of Presentation Sisters in Canada and teacher , .
Dr. Alex Boraine ( born 1931 ) is a South African politician .
Tenga Rinpoche ( 1932 - -2012 ) was a Tibetan teacher ( lama ) in the Karma Kagyu tradition .
Olav Hindahl ( 17 October 1892 , Stavanger -- 14 June 1963 , Oslo ) was a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Labour Party .
Gerlinde Obermeier ( 1942 - 1984 ) was feminist writer known for her critiques on mental health care .
Karima Adebibe ( born 14 February 1985 ) is a Moroccan - English actress and fashion model .
Jonathan Zizmor ( born 1945 ) is an American dermatologist in New York City famous for his television commercials and prolific , colorful subway ads promising that `` Now you can have beautiful clear skin ! ''
Germán Garrido ( born 15 June 1948 ) is a member of one of Spain 's most successful golfing families .
Elisabetta Gregoraci ( born 8 February 1980 ) is an Italian fashion model and TV personality .
Catherine Clarke Fenselau ( born 15 April 1939 ) is an American scientist who was the first trained mass spectrometrist on the faculty of an American medical school ; she joined Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in 1968 .
PiaGrace Moon ( born 24 June 1993 ) is an Australian actress and model , best known for her role as Jasmine in Winners & Losers .
Béatrice Poulot ( born in 1968 in Saint - Denis , Réunion ) , who performs as simply Béatrice , is a French singer .
James Rodley , ( born 20 March 1985 in Auckland ) is a rugby union player .
Nikita Wu ( born Wu Chi - Ling 巫祈麟 , 1975 in Taipei Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese writer and arts manager .
Omar Ahmad Omar al - Hubishi ( Arabic : ) ( born in 1969 in Saudi Arabia , identified as a Yemeni citizen ) became wanted in 2002 , by the United States Department of Justice 's FBI , which was then seeking information about his identity and whereabouts .
Rupert Loman ( born 6 June 1983 ) is the co - founder ( with brother Nick ) and current CEO of Gamer Network .
Thomas Willoughby ( 1593 - - ? ) colonist , born Wollaton , Nottingham , England was one of the first settlers in John Guy 's colony at Cuper 's Cove , Newfoundland , Canada .
Simione Foliaki ( born 10 March 1981 in Tonga ) is a Tongan rugby league player who currently plays his club football for the Vaini Doves in the Tonga National Rugby League competition .
Richard Hibbs ( 1876 -- September 9 , 1940 ) was a farmer , journalist and political figure in Newfoundland .
Danny Pang Phat ( born 1965 ) is one of the Pang brothers .
Zalak Desai ( born Jhalak Desai ; 18 March 1993 ) , is an Indian television actress .
Mushtaq Mohammad ( Urdu : مشتاق محمد‎ ; born 22 November 1943 ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 57 Tests and 10 ODIs from 1959 to 1979 .
Ferdinand Humenberger ( born 13 February 1897 ) was an Austrian professional football player and manager .
Cheng Weigao ( Chinese : 程维高 ; September 1933 -- December 28 , 2010 ) was a Chinese politician , best known for his term as the Communist Party Secretary of Hebei province between 1993 and 1998 .
Don Carlos Seitz was an American newspaper manager , born at Portage , Ohio in 1862 .
Terry Hertzler ( born in Mansfield , Ohio , in 1949 ) is an American poet and writer .
Ferenc Kónya ( 1892 - 11 March 1977 ) , also known as Franz Konya and François Konya was a Hungarian football player and coach .
Jeffrey A. Goldstein ( born 1955 ) is a United States banker who was Under Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance from March 27 , 2010 to 2011 .
Alessandro Pesci ( born 9 October 1960 ) is an Italian film cinematographer .
Eliran Atar ( born 17 February 1987 ) is an Israeli professional footballer currently playing for the Israeli Team Maccabi Haifa .
Theo Findahl ( Theodor Leonard Findahl ; 24 August 1891 -- 19 May 1976 ) was a Norwegian teacher and journalist .
Oskar Schmiedel ( born in Vienna 30 October 1887 - -died in Schwäbisch Gmünd 27 December 1959 ) was a pharmacist , anthroposophist , therapist , Goethean scientist and theosophist .
M. K. Hume , ( born in 1948 ) in Ipswich , Queensland , is the written pen - name of Marylin Hume , an Australian author of historical novels set around King Arthur and Merlin .
Bernard Charreyre ( born Perpignan , 27 January 1950 ) is a French rugby union coach and a former footballer .
Martin Samuel ( Born 25 July 1964 ) has been a sports columnist for the Daily Mail newspaper and MailOnline since 2009 and a sports columnist for GQ Magazine since 2012 .
Ding Fang ( born 1956 , in Wugong , Shanxi Province ) is a well - known Chinese painter and curator .
Berislav Rončević ( born 23 June 1960 ) is a Croatian politician , and the former Minister of Internal Affairs in the Croatian Government and the Minister of Defense .
Steve Williamson ( born 28 June 1964 ) is an English saxophonist and composer .
Orgyen Lingpa ( o rgyan gling pa ) , ( 1323 -- c. 1360 ) was one of the greatest Tibetan tertöns or treasure - finders of the 14th century .
Jason Minett ( born 12 August 1971 ) is a former professional footballer who began his career with Norwich City .
Frederick Clarendon was born in Dublin around 1820 and received a Bachelor of Arts at Dublin University in 1839 .
Neil Record ( born 26 June 1953 ) is a British businessman , author and economist who founded Record Currency Management , one of the earliest specialist currency managers .
Nizamettin Taş ( born 1961 ) , also known as Botan Rojhilat , was one of the oldest military commanders of the PKK .
Leonardo Bortolini ( born 1977 ) is a Brazilian handball player who plays for the club Umopar Larrafkl Londrina and the Brazilian national team .
Lü Siqing ( Chinese : 吕思清 ; born 1969 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a Chinese violinist .
Stephen Leek ( born 1959 ) is an Australian composer , conductor , educator , and publisher .
Graham Higgins ( born 1953 ) is a British writer and artist , designer and lecturer .
Hanne Myren ( born 20 March 1973 ) is a Norwegian film producer and documentarian .
William Sumner Appleton , Jr. ( 1874 - -1947 ) was Founder of the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities ( SPNEA ) in 1910 .
Forbes Cowan ( born 16 October 1964 ) is a Scottish former strongman competitor and multiple entrant to the World 's Strongest Man .
Khristina Kalcheva ( Russian : Христина Калчева ; born 29 May 1977 ) is a retired Bulgarian athlete specialising in the high jump .
Joseph H. Crawford , Jr. ( born 1932 ) is an American science fiction collector and bibliograper .
Katalin Kristó ( born 1 December 1983 in Miercurea Ciuc ) is a Romanian short track speed skater of Hungarian ethnicity , who competed at three Winter Olympics in 2002 , 2006 and 2010 .
Zhang Guangning ( simplified Chinese : 张广宁 ; traditional Chinese : 張廣寧 ; pinyin : Zhāngguǎngníng ; born 1953 in Jiangsu ) was the 14th Mayor of Guangzhou , Guangdong province , China , and later Party Secretary of Guangzhou .
Jonathan Rennert ( 17 March 1952 ) is an English organist , conductor and writer .
John Phin , born September 9 , 1832 ( although some resources list his birth year as 1830 ) , in Scotland , died December 29 , 1913 , in Paterson , New Jersey , was a prolific author and publisher , a teacher of applied science and a Shakespeare scholar .
Minsoo Kang ( born 1967 ) is a historian and writer .
James C. Cacheris ( born 1933 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is a judge on the United States District Court in the Eastern District of Virginia .
Neeraj Mehta ( born 19 October 1972 ) is a fitness instructor and nutritionist , having worked within the industry for more than three decades .
Tristão da Cunha ( sometimes misspelled Tristão d'Acunha ; Portuguese pronunciation : ( tɾiʃˈtɐ̃w̃ ðɐ ˈkuɲɐ ) ; c. 1460 -- c. 1540 ) was a Portuguese explorer and naval commander .
Nelson Henderson was born on 24 September 1865 , a son of the publisher James Henderson .
Gustavo Balcázar Monzón ( born 10 August 1927 ) is a Colombian lawyer and retired politician .
Hasan Özdemir ( born 1 January 1947 in Oğuzeli ) is a Turkish former police chief and politician .
Lars Calmfors ( born July 12 , 1948 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish economist and professor of international economics at the Institute for International Economic Studies at Stockholm University .
Ivana Monti ( born 20 February 1947 ) is an Italian stage , television and film actress .
Judge Tayseer Qala Awwad ( born 1943 ) is one of the former ministers of justice of Syria .
Muhammad Zuhair Masharqa ( 1938 -- 23 April 2007 ) ( Arabic : زهير مشارقة‎ ) was a Syrian politician who served as Vice President of Syria from 1984 to 2006 .
Brian Halweil ( born 1975 ) is an American sustainable food writer and activist .
Carl Rimmer ( born 29 April 1986 in Banbury , England ) is a Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiershipship .
Paul Howes ( born 23 August 1981 ) was involved in the Australian trade union movement from 1999 through 2014 .
Pavel Krmaš ( born 3 March 1980 ) is a Czech footballer who plays in for FC Hradec Králové .
Adolphe Van Tiggelen ( 1914 - 1969 ) was a Belgian scientist and professor at the Université Catholique de Louvain ( UCL ) .
Martin Stokhof ( born 1950 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch logician and philosopher .
Freddy Cadena ( born 1963 ) is an Ecuadorian orchestra conductor , a resident of Russia .
Jesse Hartley ( 21 December 1780 -- 24 August 1860 ) was Civil Engineer and Superintendent of the Concerns of the Dock Estate in Liverpool , England between 1824 and 1860 .
Willem Verstegen ( c. 1612 -- 1659 ) was a merchant in service of the Dutch East India Company and chief trader of factory in Dejima .
Kristen Fløgstad ( born 11 April 1947 ) is a former Norwegian athlete from Søgne in Vest - Agder .
Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail ( Urdu : اظہر الدین محمد اسماعیل‎ , Hindi : अजहरुद्दीन मोहम्मद इस्माइल ) ( born 1998 ) is an Indian child actor , who played the youngest version of Salim Malik in the Oscar - winning film Slumdog Millionaire ( 2008 ) , for which he won a Screen Actors Guild Award .
Marcos Garbellotto Pedroso ( born 4 October 1993 ) , commonly known as Marquinhos Pedroso , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Figueirense .
Gabriël Metsu ( 1629 - -1667 ) was a Dutch painter of history paintings , still lifes , portraits and exquisite genre works .
Michael Hogben ( born 6 November 1952 ) is an English auctioneer and antiques dealer , who has appeared in the BBC series Bargain Hunt and his own series `` Auction Man . ''
Leanne Rowe ( born 1982 ) is an English actress and singer , known for portraying Nancy in Oliver Twist , May Moss in Lilies and Baby in Dirty Dancing :
Diwan Chaman Lall ( 1892 - c.1973 ) was an Indian politician and diplomat who served as a Member of the Rajya Sabha .
Ang Wei Neng ( Chinese : 洪维能 ; pinyin : Hóng Wéinéng ; born 31 March 1967 ) is a Singaporean politician .
Jan Huyghen van Linschoten ( 1563 -- 8 February 1611 ) was a Dutch merchant , trader and historian .
Li Hejun ( Simplified Chinese 李河君 ) ( born 1967 ) is a Chinese businessman , chairman of Hanergy .
Manuel Sima Ntutumu Bindang ( born 31 December 1988 ) , simply Sima , is a naturalized Equatoguinean football striker , who plays for Utrillas in the Spanish Aragonese Regional Preferente ( Group 2 ) .
Mihael Zmajlović ( born 19 January 1978 ) is a Croatian economist and politician who currently serves as a minister at Ministry of Environmental Protection and Nature at the Cabinet of Zoran Milanović .
Craig McKellar ( born 8 December 1949 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1970s .
Jérôme Guihoata ( born 7 October 1994 ) is a Cameroonian international footballer who currently plays for Nîmes Olympique as a centre back .
Finn Bjelke ( born 10 April 1959 ) is a popular Norwegian humourist , writer , music journalist and radio host .
Shane Hobbs ( born 30 April 1985 ) is a former professional footballer , who played in The Football League for Bristol Rovers in 2003 , and played as a striker for Greyfriars Athletic .
Mauro Gioia ( born 4 May 1966 ) is a Neapolitan singer and director .
Martin Whitelaw ( born 22 May 1976 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1997 and 1998 .
August David Krohn ( 1803 - -1891 ) was a Saint Petersburg born zoologist of German origin .
Nwankwo Kanu , OON ( born 1 August 1976 ) , or simply Kanu , is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a striker .
Stepan Sapah - Gulian was born in Djahri , a village just north of Nakhichevan on 14 February 1861 .
Graeme Moyle ( born 1 July 1954 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Antoine Henri Becquerel ( 15 December 1852 -- 25 August 1908 ) was a physicist , Nobel laureate , and the discoverer of radioactivity .
Monica Shannon ( 1890 - -1965 ) was a Canadian - born American children 's author .
Winston Branch ( born in 1947 ) is a British artist originally from Saint Lucia , the sovereign island in the Caribbean Sea .
Huw Price ( born 17 May 1953 ) is an Australian philosopher , currently the Bertrand Russell Professor in the Faculty of Philosophy , Cambridge , and a Fellow of Trinity College , Cambridge .
Oz Raly ( Hebrew : עוז ראלי‎ ; born 22 December 1987 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Ironi Kiryat Shmona .
Kamran Panjavi ( Persian : کامران پنجوی‎ , born 6 February 1975 ) is a British - Iranian weightlifter .
Naseeb Abdul Juma ( born 2 October 1989 ) , popularly known by his stage name Diamond Platnumz ( or simply Diamond ) , is a Bongo Flava recording artist and singer from Tanzania .
Natalio Hernández Hernández ( born 27 July 1947 ) , also known as Natalio Hernández Xocoyotzin and by the pseudonym José Antonio Xokoyotsij , is a Mexican Nahua intellectual and poet , from the state of Veracruz .
John Nicolas Rea , 3rd Baron Rea , commonly known as Nicolas Rea ( born 6 June 1928 ) , a British peer , doctor and politician .
Stefano Cristiani , ( born 4 November 1958 ) is an Italian astronomer and astrophysicist .
Janine François ( born 1 January 1989 ) is a Tobagonian soccer midfielder .
Doug Rees ( 12 February 1923 -- 2000 ) was a Welsh professional footballer .
Johannes Juul ( 27 October 1887 -- 5 November 1969 ) was a Danish engineer who is remembered for the important part he played in the development of wind turbines .
Erwin Hymer ( 27 July 1930 -- 12 April , 2013 ) was a German businessman , and the founder of the motorhome manufacturer Hymer .
Walter Schütz ( 25 October 1897 -- between 27 and 29 March 1933 ) was a German communist politician .
Wesley Korir ( born 15 November 1982 , in Kitale , Trans - Nzoia District ) is a Kenyan elected Member of Parliament for Cherangany Constituency ( 4 March 2013 elections ) and a long distance runner who specializes in road running competitions .
Graham Duff ( born 13 April 1964 ) is an English writer , actor and producer .
Michael Bierut ( born 1957 ) is a graphic designer , design critic and educator .
Sidney Mark Ujakpor Sánchez ( born 18 January 1987 in Madrid ) is a Spanish athlete specializing in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles .
Ali Asghar Pashapour Alamdari ( Persian : علی اصغر پاشاپور علمداری‎ ; born 24 October 1951 ) is an Iranian fencer .
Enrique Ruiz Guiñazú ( 14 October 1884 - 13 November 1967 ) was an Argentinean politician who is best remembered for his spell as Minister of Foreign Affairs , International Trade and Worship in the 1940s .
Ramón Beňo ( born 5 March 1989 in Nitra ) , better known by his stage name Rakby , is a Slovak rapper , currently cooperating mainly with fellow Slovak rapper Bacil .
Ji Hongchang ( Chinese : 吉鴻昌 ; 1895 - -1934 ) , born Ji Hengli , was a Chinese general and patriot .
Roni Bar - On ( Hebrew : רוני בר - און‎ , born 2 June 1948 ) is an Israeli politician and lawyer .
Vasyl Semeniuk ( born 2 July 1949 ) is the eparch of the Eparchy of Ternopil - Zboriv , an eparchy of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church .
Zheng Keshuang ( 13 August 1670 -- 22 September 1717 ) , courtesy name Shihong ( 實弘 ) , pseudonym Huitang ( 晦堂 ) , was the third ruler of the Kingdom of Tungning in Taiwan in the 17th century .
Meir Talmi ( Hebrew : מאיר תלמי‎ , born 1909 , died 18 November 1994 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Mapam between 1974 and 1981 .
Václav Kalina ( born 15 July 1979 ) is a Czech football player who plays as a midfielder for FK Mladá Boleslav in the Gambrinus Liga , the top Czech league .
Johanna Vuoksenmaa ( born 21 September 1965 in Hämeenlinna ) is a Finnish television and film director and screenwriter who has also worked as a photographer , installation artist and a teacher .
Raila Kerkelä ( née Hovi ; born 13 June 1941 in Vehkalahti ) is a Finnish orienteering competitor .
Ji Baocheng ( Chinese : 纪宝成 ; pinyin : Jì Bǎochéng ; born November 1944 ) is a Chinese educator , and the former President of Renmin University of China .
Tayyibe Gülek ( born 1968 , Adana ) is a Turkish economist and politician .
Akhil Gupta ( born 1959 ) is an Indian - American anthropologist whose research has focused on the anthropology of the state and of development , as well as on postcolonialism .
Giuseppe Capotondi ( born 1968 ) is a director of music videos and commercials signed to Oil Factory in USA and Factory Films in the United Kingdom .
Alexander Boden ( 28 May 1913 -- 19 December 1993 ) AO Hon DSc FAA , was a :
Tamás Sáringer - Kenyeres ( born 1961 ) is a Hungarian agronomist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz--
Ajay Navaria ( born 1972 , Delhi ) is the author of two collections of short stories , Patkatha aur Anya Kahaniyan ( 2006 ) and Yes Sir ( 2012 ) , and a novel , Udhar ke Log ( 2008 ) .
Tristán Ulloa ( born 6 May 1970 ) is a Spanish actor , writer , and director .
Adel Al Toraifi ( Arabic : عادل الطريفي ) ( born 1979 ) is a Saudi journalist and a specialist in Middle Eastern affairs , focusing on Saudi - Iranian relations and foreign policy decision making in the Arab states of the Persian Gulf .
Dame Isobel Cripps , GBE ( 25 January 1891 -- 11 April 1979 ) , also known as Lady Cripps , was a British overseas aid organiser and the wife of Sir Stafford Cripps .
Hermann Greulich ( 9 April 1842 - 8 November 1925 ) , was a Swiss socialist politician .
Hillel Weiss ( born 1945 ) is a professor emeritus of literature at Bar Ilan University in Israel .
Nur Fasha Sandha binti Hassan ( born 28 March 1984 ) or commercially known as Fasha Sandha is a Malaysian actress who has appeared in movies , television shows , and commercials .
Nanne Meyer ( born on 12 April 1953 in Hamburg ) , is a German artist .
Rena Kornreich Gelissen , born Rena Kornreich ( 24 August 1920 -- 8 August 2006 ) , was a Polish - born Jew , known for her memoir , Rena 's Promise :
Chen Sixi ( Chinese : 陈斯喜 ; pinyin : Chén Sīxĭ ; born February 1958 ) is a Chinese politician ..
Jan Boutmy ( born 10 December 1930 ) is a Dutch Antillean fencer .
Frank Evers Beddard FRS FRSE ( 19 June 1858 -- 14 July 1925 ) was an English zoologist .
Randy Wayne White ( born 1950 ) is an American writer of crime fiction and non - fiction adventure tales .
Chris Vinante ( born Christian Vinante Giovannini , Trento 5 May 1977 ) is an Italy - born Singer / DJ / Events Organizer , director of the Green Room Club and a Conservative Party ( UK ) Activist .
Hugh Strahan ( born 24 June 1945 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the late 1960s and early 1970s .
Datla Satyanarayana Raju , better known as D. S. Raju M.B.B.S. , L.R.C.P. , M.R.C.S. , M.R.C.P.(London ) ( born 28 August 1904 , date of death unknown ) was an Indian Parliamentarian .
Ettore Blasi ( born 18 March 1895 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian long - distance runner , mainly specialized in marathon .
Václav Horák ( 27 September 1912 -- 15 November 2000 ) was a Czech football player and later football manager .
Keith Webber ( 5 January 1943 -- 26 September 1983 ) was a Welsh footballer .
Kevin Budden ( 1930 - July 28 , 1950 ) was an amateur Australian herpetologist and snake hunter .
Tengiz Sigua ( born 9 November 1934 ) is a Georgian politician and former Prime Minister of the country .
Stig Grenov ( born 1961 ) is a Danish teacher and politician .
J. Max Bond , Jr. ( 1935 -- February 18 , 2009 ) was one of a small number of prominent African - American architects .
Fouad Said ( born 1933 ) is an Egyptian American producer , cinematographer and filmmaker .
Karin Mannewitz ( née Herbsleb on 15 November 1939 ) is a retired German gymnast .
Mahmoud al - Zahar ( Arabic : محمود الزهار‎ Maḥmūd az - Zahhār ) ( born 1945 ) is a Palestinian politician .
Kristin Lie ( born 13 December 1978 ) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a striker for Trondheims - Ørn between 1999 and 2013 .
Nylon Chen ( Chinese : 陳乃榮 ; pinyin : Chén Nǎiróng ; born 20 May 1981 ) is a Taiwanese singer and actor .
Danny Chapman ( born 21 November 1974 ) is a retired professional footballer who played in the football league with Millwall and Leyton Orient .
Jens Galschiøt , ( Born 4 June 1954 ) , is a Danish sculptor best known for the Pillar of Shame .
Edward Ward , 4th Viscount Bangor DL ( 23 February 1827 -- 14 September 1881 ) , styled The Honourable from September 1827 until 1837 , was an Irish peer and Conservative politician .
László Hoffmann ( born 29 June 1958 in Tés ) is a Hungarian former handball goalkeeper .
Ben Volavola ( born 13 January 1991 , in Sydney ) is an Australian - born Fijian international rugby union footballer who plays as either a fly - half or full back .
John G. Stower ( 1791 Madison , Madison County , New York -- December 19 , 1851 in Chittenango , Madison Co. , NY ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York and Florida .
Gabriel Fernandes ( born 22 April 1988 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Mumbai City FC in the Indian Super League on loan from Dempo of the I - League .
Benigno Montoya Muñoz ( 1865 - -1929 ) was a Mexican architect , sculptor and painter .
Noadiah Johnson ( 1795 Connecticut -- April 4 , 1839 Albany , New York ) was a U.S. Representative from New York .
Robert Ferrigno ( born 1947 ) is an American author of crime novels and of speculative fiction .
Olav Torstein Seiersten ( born 22 February 1931 in Brandbu , Oppland ) is a Norwegian former speed skater .
Sir Herbert Harley Murray KCB ( 4 November 1829 -- 22 March 1904 ) was a Scottish colonial governor .
Faranak Margolese ( born 1972 ) is an American writer , best known as the author of Off the Derech , a book about contemporary assimilation in the Orthodox Jewish world .
Robin Washington is an American journalist and filmmaker , born in Chicago in 1956 .
Joseph Nasmith ( 22 April 1850 - 8 December 1904 ) was a British consulting textile engineer , editor of the Textile Recorder and author , known for his work on the history and state of the art of the textile industry , particularly cotton spinning and cotton mill construction and engineering .
Rosemary Rapaport ( 29 March 1918 in St Albans -- 8 June 2011 in Olney ) was a violinist and music teacher who founded the Purcell School for musically gifted children .
Merton Sandler ( 28 March 1926 -- 24 August 2014 ) was a British professor of chemical pathology and a pioneer in biological psychiatry .
Giorgos Papasideris ( Greek : Γιώργος Παπασιδέρης 14 September 1902 -- 8 October 1977 ) was a Greek singer , composer , and lyricist of Arvanite origin .
Ali İhsan Su ( born 25 June 1959 ) is a Turkish bureaucrat who has served as the 12th Governor of Şırnak since February 2015 , having been appointed by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on the recommendation of the Turkish Government .
James Vasquez ( born c. 1972 ) , also known as Pedro James Vasquez , is an American actor , writer , and director .
Foss O. Eldred ( 1884 - -1956 ) was Attorney General of Michigan in 1946 when he was appointed to fill out an unexpired term .
John Kosgei , ( born 15 July 1973 ) is a Kenyan athlete who specializes in middle- and long - distance running .
Ola Cohn ( born Carola Cohn ; 25 April 1892 -- 23 December 1964 ) was an Australian artist , author and philanthropist best known for her work in sculpture in a modernist style and famous for her Fairies Tree in the Fitzroy Gardens , Melbourne .
James Cranfield , 2nd Earl of Middlesex ( 1621 -- 16 September 1651 ) , styled Lord Cranfield from 1622 until 1645 , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 and inherited his peerage in 1645 .
Gheorghe Mihali ( born 9 December 1965 ) is a retired Romanian football defender and current manager .
Jonas Gonçalves Oliveira ( born 1 April 1984 ) , known simply as Jonas ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈʒõːnais ) ) , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Benfica as a striker .
Nathan Eagleton ( born 10 November 1978 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Roger De Vlaeminck ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɔʒɛi də ˈvlamɪnk ) ; born 24 August 1947 ) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist .
Nadia Davy ( born 24 December 1980 ) is a track and field athlete , competing internationally for Jamaica .
General Gregor MacGregor ( 24 December 1786 -- 4 December 1845 ) was a Scottish soldier , adventurer and confidence trickster who from 1821 to 1837 attempted to draw British and French investors and settlers to `` Poyais '' , a fictional Central American territory he claimed to rule as `` Cazique '' .
Sinead Matthews ( born 1980 ) is an English actress .
Emir Suljagić ( born 21 May 1975 in Serbia then Yugoslavia ) is the author of Postcards from the Grave , a first - hand account of the 1995 Srebrenica Massacre and life in the besieged enclave in north - eastern Bosnia before the UN `` safe area '' fell to the Bosnian Serb Army .
John Emanuel ( born 5 April 1948 ) , is a former Wales international footballer .
Marek Zuziak ( born 11 January 1995 ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club Žilina .
Ali F. Bilir ( born in 1945 in Gülnar , Mersin , Turkey ) is a poet , author and critic , and an active member of Turkish Authors Association .
Mohammed Allal Sinaceur ( born 1941 ) is a Moroccan philosopher , politician and writer .
Joydeep Sircar ( born 1947 ) is a mountaineer and mountain historian .
Jack Cowin ( born 1942 ) is a Canadian / Australian businessman who owns Hungry Jack 's , the Burger King franchise in Australia and is the Executive Chairman of Competitive Foods Australia , one of the country 's largest privately held businesses .
Floortje Mackaij ( born 18 October 1995 ) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist riding for Team Liv - Plantur .
Wu Lei ( Chinese : 武磊 ; pinyin : Wǔ Lěi , born 19 November 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League .
Fabio Ochoa Restrepo ( `` Don Fabio '' 1923 - -2002 ) was a Paso Fino enthusiast , rancher , businessman , and patriarch of a notorious Colombian crime family associated with the Medellín drug cartel of Pablo Escobar .
Ajitesh Bandopadhyay ( Bengali : অজিতেশ বন্দোপাধ্যায় ; born : 30 September 1933 - October 13 , 1983 ) was an actor , playwright , activist and director .
Manuel Galduf ( born 1942 in Llíria ( València ) ) is a Spanish Orchestra Conductor .
Richard Ziman ( born 1942 ) is a prominent real estate investor , philanthropist , and Democratic party donor in Southern California .
Thomas Harrison , Lord of Gobion 's Manor , ( 1568 - 1625 ) was an English Lord and Noble .
Jonas Pipynė ( 30 November 1935 in Biržai -- 23 September 1997 in Vilnius ) was a Lithuanian track and field runner and skier .
Indraadip Dasgupta ( born 17 January 1973 ) is an Indian film music composer .
Muhammad Sulayman al - Ahmad ( 1905 or 1907 -- August 19 , 1981 ) ( Arabic : محمد سليمان الأحمد‎ ) , better known by his pen name Badawi al - Jabal ( Arabic : بدوي الجبل‎ ) , was a Syrian poet known for his work in the neo - classical Arabic form .
Ahmet Kutsi Karadoğan ( born 16 March 1973 , Akçadağ , Malatya ) is a composer , pop music singer and song writer often known as Kutsi .
April Brandley ( née Letton ; born 19 April 1990 ) is an Australian netball player .
Alfredo S. G. Taylor ( 1872 - 1947 ) was an architect , of the New York firm Taylor & Levi .
Félix Manuel Cano ( born 26 April 1966 in Barcelona ) is a former Spanish baseball pitcher and first baseman with CB Viladecans and the Spanish national baseball team .
Lesly St. Fleur ( born 21 March 1989 ) is a Bahamian international soccer player , who currently plays as a striker for Jamaican Premier League side Montego Bay United .
Matt McGovern ( born 20 September 1984 in Belfast , United Kingdom ) is an Irish sailor .
Eric Potts ( born 13 September 1965 ) , is a Scottish actor , writer and director , who had parts in Coronation Street , as eccentric baker Diggory Compton , the father of Molly Compton , and Brookside as Wrexham Football Club Supporter , Mr Moore .
Branko Karačić ( born 24 September 1960 ) is a Croatian retired footballer and football manager .
Wyndham John Albery , FRS ( 5 April 1936 -- 3 December 2013 ) was a British physical chemist and academic .
Simon Cope ( born 22 March 1966 ) is an English former professional cyclist from Sevenoaks , Kent .
Sander Lantinga ( born 27 September 1976 in Biddinghuizen ) is a Dutch program maker at BNN , and a radio - DJ at radio station 3FM from 2006 till 2015 , in August 2015 he is one of the co host of the Coen en Sander Show on Radio 538 .
Ana Lya Uriarte ( born 17 July 1962 ) is the current Chief of the Cabinet of The Presidency elected by Michelle Bachelet in her second presidential period .
Prince Rashid bin Hassan ( born May 20 , 1979 in Amman , Jordan ) is a member of the Jordanian royal family .
Late Pt . Vishwanath Rao Ringe ' Tanarang ' born on 6 December 1922 was a Hindustani Classical Music vocalist and composer .
Zvi Dershowitz ( born 1928 ) is an American rabbi , and is currently Rabbi Emeritus at Sinai Temple in Los Angeles .
Kathleen McArthur ( 1915 - -2001 ) , was an Australian naturalist , writer , botanical illustrator and conservationist .
Ray Helle ( born 1917 ) is an artist who was born in New York City and trained as a cartoonist at the Pratt Institute .
Glenn Dennis ( March 24 , 1925 - April 28 , 2015 ) was a founder of the International UFO Museum and Research Center in Roswell , New Mexico , which opened in September 1991 , and self - professed witness to the 1947 Roswell UFO incident .
Rob Lacey ( 1962 - 2006 ) was a British actor , storyteller and author of The Word on the Street ( formerly The Street Bible ) and The Liberator .
Emerson R. Boyles ( June 29 , 1881 - -November 30 , 1960 ) was an American lawyer and judge .
François Walthéry ( born 17 January 1946 in Argenteau near Liège ) is a Belgian comics artist , best known for his series featuring an adventurous flight attendant , Natacha .
Paul Pîrjol ( born 29 October 1990 ) is a Romanian former weightlifter , amateur boxer and armwrestler , and currently professional strongman competitor and entrant to the World 's Strongest Man competition .
Flemming Lund ( born 6 October 1952 ) is a former Danish professional football player in the midfielder position , who played both in Europe and the United States .
Hiroyuki Miyazawa ( Japanese : 宮沢 大志 , born 12 October 1991 ) is a Japanese cross - country skier .
Denise O'Sullivan ( born 4 February 1994 ) is an Irish international footballer who plays for Glasgow City of the Scottish Women 's Premier League .
César Augusto Rivas Lasso ( born 28 June 1979 ) is a Colombian - born Equatoguinean - naturalised football striker who recently played for Alfonso Ugarte de Puno in the Peruvian Segunda División .
Sir Titus Martins Adesoji Tadeniawo Aderemi I , alias Adesoji Aderemi , KCMG ( 15 November 1889 -- 7 July 1980 ) , was a Nigerian political figure and Yoruba traditional ruler as the Ooni ( King ) of Ife ( or Ilé - Ifẹ̀ , as it is properly known ) from 1930 until 1980 .
Harri Roschier ( born 1957 ) Helsinki is a Finnish entrepreneur .
Nina Munteanu ( born 1954 in Granby , Quebec ) is a Canadian ecologist and novelist of science fiction and fantasy .
Rekin Teksoy ( 1928 -- May 30 , 2012 ) was a Turkish lawyer , author and translator .
Lee Bailey ( born 10 July 1972 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who played in the Scottish Football League for Hibernian , Meadowbank Thistle / Livingston , Queen of the South , Brechin City , Stirling Albion and East Fife .
Levi Colbert ( 1759 - -1834 ) , also known as Itawamba in Chickasaw , was a leader and chief of the Chickasaw in the American Southeast .
Grete Treier ( born 12 December 1977 ) is an Estonian road bicycle racer .
Eleanor Stackhouse Atkinson ( 1863 -- November 4 , 1942 ) was an American author , journalist and teacher .
Lin Mosei ( Chinese : 林茂生 ; pinyin : Lín Màoshēng ; born October 30 , 1887 , disappeared March 11 , 1947 ) was a Taiwanese academic , educator , and the first Taiwanese to receive a Doctor of Philosophy ( Ph.D. ) degree .
Christian Nissen aka Hein Mück ( 1893 -- after 1955 ) was a German sailor and yachtsman , who served with the Abwehr and its special forces , the Brandenburgers in World War II .
Annie Preece ( born February 23 , 1981 ) AKA `` Love Annie '' is an American visual artist , public speaker and comedian who lives and works in Los Angeles , California .
Atilla Engin ( b. 1946 Kayseri Turkey ) is a Turkish American fusion jazz musician .
Ayanleh Souleiman ( born 3 December 1992 ) , also known as Hassan Ayanleh , is a Djiboutian middle distance runner who specialises in the 1500 metres .
Şükrü Halûk Akalın ( born 22 January 1956 ) is a Turkish academic and bureaucrat who served as head of the Turkish Language Association ( TLA ) from 2001 to 2012 .
Ross Dyer ( born 20 December 1977 ) is a British sports and entertainment broadcaster .
Michael McCreadie ( born 24 February 1946 in Glasgow ) is a Paralympian with successes in lawn bowls and wheelchair curling .
Oladipo Omishore ( born 17 July 1986 ) , professionally known as Dot da Genius , is an American record producer and mixing engineer from Brooklyn , New York City .
Francis Arthur Bather FRS ( 17 February 1863 , in Richmond upon Thames -- 20 March 1934 ) was a British palaeontologist , geologist and malacologist .
George Gao ( Chinese : 高韶青 ; pinyin : Gāo Sháoqīng , born 1967 ) is a Chinese - born erhu player and composer .
Morten Rutkjær Kristensen ( born 17 March 1974 ) is a Danish former football player and current manager currently in charge of B93 .
Angga Pratama ( born 5 December 1991 ) is an Indonesian badminton player in men 's doubles .
Kailash Chandra Meher ( born 22 January 1954 ) is an Indian artist , inventor , social activist .
Florian Orth ( born 24 July 1989 in Schwalmstadt ) is a German athlete specialising in the middle - distance events , primarily the 1500 metres .
Kenneth Jack AM MBE RWS , ( 5 October 1924 -- 10 June 2006 ) was an Australian watercolour artist who specialised in painting the images of an almost forgotten outback life ; old mine workings , abandoned ghost towns , decaying farm buildings .
Edward Lovett ( 1852 - -1933 ) was an English folklorist , recognised for his collections of charms , amulets , and objects used in children 's games .
Vladimir Lazarević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Лазраревић ; 23 March 1949 ) is a Serbian colonel general of the Third Army Corps , and later the commander of the Priština Corps of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
Caterina , or Catharina van Hemessen ( 1528 -- after 1587 ) was a Flemish Renaissance painter .
Colin Sylvia ( born 8 November 1985 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne and Fremantle Football Clubs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Wally Taylor ( 1864 -- November 10 , 1922 ) , was a professional baseball player and manager in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Virginia Oldoini , Countess of Castiglione ( 22 March 1837 -- 28 November 1899 ) , better known as La Castiglione , was born to an aristocratic family from La Spezia .
Theodor Berkelmann ( 17 April 1894 -- 28 December 1943 ) was a German general , who held the rank of Obergruppenführer during World War II .
James Trotman ( born 1979 ) is a British tennis player who retired early from tennis due to ongoing injuries .
Tom Kempinski ( born 24 March 1938 ) is an English playwright and actor .
Andrej Kotljarchuk ( born 1968 , Soviet Union ) is a Swedish historian of Belarusian descent .
Bernard Toohey ( born 18 February 1963 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played during the 1980s and early 1990s as a defender .
Bill Noble ( 1884 - -1937 ) was a pioneer Australian international representative rugby league footballer .
Mercedes Franco ( Maturín , 3 November 1948 ) is a Venezuelan author and novelist .
Dorit Aharonov ( Hebrew : דורית אהרונוב‎ ; born 1970 ) is an Israeli computer scientist specializing in quantum computing .
Aris Alexandrou ( Greek : Άρης Αλεξάνδρου ; real name : Αριστοτέλης Βασιλειάδης , Aristotelis Vasiliadis ; 24 November 1922 -- 2 July 1979 ) was a Greek novelist , poet and translator .
Giordano Berti ( born 27 February 1959 ) is an Italian writer and teacher of History of Arts .
Dr. Shridhar Bhaskar Warnekar was Sanskrit scholar born in Nagpur , India , on 31 July 1918 .
Leland I. Anderson ( born 1928 ) is a technical writer and electrical engineer who lives in Denver , Colorado .
Damian Nabot ( born Buenos Aires , 1970 ) is an investigative reporter and non - fiction author .
John Elliot Drinkwater Bethune ( 1801 - -1851 ) , previously John Elliot Drinkwater , a barrister and law member of the Governor - General 's Council , was an Anglo - Indian lawyer and a pioneer in promoting women 's education in 19th - century India .
Joseph Wiggins FRGS ( 3 September 1832 - -13 September 1905 ) was an English mariner , born at Norwich into a family of mailcoach operators .
Konstantinos Kaznaferis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Καζναφέρης ; born 22 June 1987 ) is a Greek footballer .
James Wines ( born 1932 ) is an American artist and architect associated with environmental design .
Ken McLeod ( born 1948 ) is a senior Western translator , author and teacher of Tibetan Buddhism .
William de Warenne , 3rd Earl of Surrey ( 1119 - -1148 ) was an Anglo - Norman nobleman who fought in England during the Anarchy and generally remained loyal to King Stephen .
Jeanette Söderholm , born 1967 , is a Swedish singer of Jamaican origin .
Sheng Zhimin ( born 1969 ) is a Chinese filmmaker from Beijing .
Yaroslav Vatamanyuk ( Ukrainian : Ярослав Петрович Ватаманюк ) ( born 25 May 1963 in Zhydachiv Raion , Lviv Oblast ) is a retired Soviet football player and current Ukrainian coach .
Brian Nankervis ( born in 1956 ) is an Australian writer , film and television producer , and comedian .
Sha Wenhan ( simplified Chinese : 沙文汉 ; traditional Chinese : 沙文漢 ; pinyin : Shā Wénhàn ; 1908 - -1964 ) , was a Chinese historian , revolutionary , educator and politician .
Jorge Daniel Castro Castro ( born 1950 in Mocoa , Putumayo ) is a Colombian former General of the Colombian National Police and business administrator graduated from the Cooperative University and the Inter - American Defense College .
William Yallup , Sr . ( born September 1926 , Ellensburg , Washington ) - ( died June 17 , 2006 , Toppenish , Washington ) was a longtime leader of the Yakama Nation .
Hans Jørgen Darre Hirsch ( 19 October 1911 -- 21 July 1992 ) was a Norwegian barrister and shipping executive .
Natalie Jeremijenko ( born 1966 ) is an artist and engineer whose background includes studies in biochemistry , physics , neuroscience and precision engineering .
Natallia Tsylinskaya ( Russian : Наталья Цилинская , born 30 August 1975 ) is an international cyclist , specialising in track sprinting .
Kroum Pindoff ( Bulgarian : Крум Пиндов ) ( 1915 -- 16 January 2013 ) was a Bulgarian Canadian businessman .
Sophie von Hellermann ( born 1975 , Munich ) is an artist based in London who gained a fine art degree at the Royal College of Art . Von Hellerman has shown work internationally in exhibitions including `` Dear Painter ...
Anna Pavord ( born 20 September 1940 , Abergavenny ) is the gardening correspondent for The Independent and the author of a number of books on plants and gardening .
Arvid Torgeir Lie ( born 18 August 1938 in Tokke ) is a Norwegian poet , writer of short stories and translator .
Henry Rosewell was born on 1 November 1590 at Forde Abbey in Devon ( Forde Abbey is in the parish of Thorncombe which was transferred from Devon to Dorset in 1842 ) .
Robert Seeley , also Seely , Seelye , or Ciely , ( 1602 - 1668 ) was an early Puritan settler in the Massachusetts Bay Colony who helped establish Watertown , Wethersfield , and New Haven .
Chingiz Akhmarov ( Uzbek : Чингиз Ахмаров : 1912 - -1995 ) was an Uzbek painter and Uzbekistan State Prize laureate .
He Dan ( born 22 July 1984 ) is a Chinese race walker .
Kåre Joachim Calmeyer ( born 23 June 1931 ) is a former Norwegian actor .
Eivind Erichsen ( 28 January 1917 -- 21 January 2005 ) was a Norwegian economist and civil servant .
Englebert Fisen ( 1655 - 15 April 1733 ) was a Flemish painter and a pupil of Bertholet Flemalle .
Yasir Iqbal ( born 19 September 1983 ) is a Danish cricketer who made his debut for the Danish national side in July 2006 .
Paul - Aimé Sauriol ( 3 September 1931 -- September 22 , 2010 ) was a Canadian engineer and business executive .
Franck Goldnadel , born 14 August 1969 , is a French public servant and director of Paris - Charles de Gaulle Airport .
Artist Burton Morris ( born 1964 ) is an American Pop Artist .
Linda Heidi Schanz ( Born in 1973 ) is a former American actress and model , who appeared in several films and television shows in 1990s .
Miroslav Bogosavac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирослав Богосавац ; born 14 October 1996 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a left - back for the Serbian SuperLiga club Partizan .
Sadiya Umar Farouq ( born 5 November 1974 ) is a Nigerian politician and business administrator .
Jean Baptiste Hippolyte Dance ( 22 February 1797 , in Saint - Pal - de - Chalencon -- 18 April 1832 , Paris ) was a French pathologist remembered for Dance 's sign .
Imam Alimsultanov ( Chechen : Имам Алимсултанов ) ( 1957 -- November 10 , 1996 ) was a popular Chechen bard and folk singer .
Victor Yampolsky ( born 1942 ) is a Russian - born conductor and the son of pianist Vladimir Yampolsky .
Gabriel Guarda ( born Fernando Guarda Geywitz ; 1928 in Valdivia ) , is a Chilean historian and architect .
Natko Rački ( born 15 November 1981 ) is a Croatian football player currently without club .
Rune Almén ( born 20 October 1952 in Trollhättan , Västra Götaland County ) is a former Swedish track and field athlete who competed in the high jump .
Sheikh Jamil Hassan ( born 22 October 1980 ) is a former English cricketer .
Nyle Godsmark ( born 10 April 1992 in Rutherglen ) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for the Scotland 7s on the World Rugby Sevens Series .
Anna Del Conte ( born 1925 ) is an Italian - born food writer whose works cover the history of food as well as providing recipes .
Stein Huysegems ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈstɛi̯n ˈɦœy̆.zə.ˌʝɛms ) ) ( born 16 June 1982 ) is a Belgian attacker who plays for Dessel in the Belgian Second Division .
Howard Austen ( born Howard Auster ; 1929 -- September 22 , 2003 ) was the long - time companion of American writer Gore Vidal for 53 years until Austen 's death .
Hobart Earle ( born 20 December 1960 ) is a Venezuelan - born conductor of American descent and People 's Artist of Ukraine recipient .
Denis Walter OAM , ( born 3 January 1955 ) is an Australian radio presenter , baritone singer , recording artist and media personality who also presented television news for 16 years .
Majbritt Morrison ( born 1933 ) is known for being the victim of an incident of racial violence that sparked off the 1958 Notting Hill race riots which escalated from there , and as the author of the best seller Jungle West 11 .
Andreas Grasmo ( 7 November 1912 -- 13 October 1986 ) was a Norwegian priest and organizational leader .
Wan Yanhai ( Chinese : 万延海 ; pinyin : Wàn Yánhǎi ; born 20 November 1963 ) is a Chinese AIDS activist .
Bruno Vicino ( born 7 September 1952 ) is former Italian cyclist , now a directeur sportif with the Lampre cycling team .
Luka Bonačić ( pronounced ( lûːka bɔ̌natʃitɕ ) ; born 21 March 1955 ) is a Croatian football coach and former player who currently manages Al Ahli in the Qatar Stars League .
Markus Pöyhönen ( born 25 October 1978 , in Vantaa ) is a Finnish former athlete , who specialised in the 100 m sprint .
Saw Phaik Hwa ( simplified Chinese : 苏碧华 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇碧華 ; pinyin : Sū Bìhuá ; born 1957 in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian - born Singaporean businesswoman .
William Maynard Sinton , JP ( 1 February 1860 -- 31 December 1942 ) was High Sheriff of County Armagh , an Ulster Unionist County Councillor for Armagh and industrialist .
Loris Reina ( born 10 June 1980 ) is a French football player who last played for the Belgian club , KV Kortrijk .
Adalgiso Ferraris ( 16 February 1890 -- 31 December 1968 ) was an Italian - born British composer and pianist .
Erica Lindbeck ( born c. 1992 ) is an American actress who is known for her roles in anime and game dubs .
Anania Shirakatsi ( Armenian : Անանիա Շիրակացի , Armenian pronunciation : ( ɑnɑˈnjɑ ʃiɾɑkɑˈt͡sʰi ) , also known as Ananias of Shirak ; 610 - -685 AD ) was an Armenian philosopher , mathematician , astronomer , geographer and alchemist .
Wayne Cook ( c. 1946 ) is an American keyboardist best known for his time with Steppenwolf and Player .
Nathalie Boltt ( born 19 July 1973 ) is a South African actress , known in that country for her role as Joey Ortlepp in the SABC 3 soap opera Isidingo from 2001 to 2004 .
Saint Serapion of Algiers ( 1179 -- November 14 , 1240 ) was a Mercedarian friar who is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church , and as a proto - martyr by the Mercedarian Order .
Howard Lang ( 20 March 1911 -- 12 December 1989 ) was a British actor best known for playing Captain William Baines in the BBC nautical drama The Onedin Line .
Togolok Moldo ( Kyrgyz : Тоголок Молдо ; real name : Bayymbet Abdyrakhmanov ; 10 June 1860 -- 4 January 1942 ) was a Kyrgyz poet , Manaschi and folk song writer .
Terry Westley ( born 18 September 1959 ) is an association football coach and manager .
Ren Zhongyi ( Chinese : 任仲夷 ; pinyin : Rén Zhòngyí ; September 1914 -- November 15 , 2005 ) was a Chinese politician .
Christian Horvath ( born 7 November 1981 ) is an Austrian former competitive figure skater .
Tomáš Abrahám ( born 18 April 1979 ) is a Czech football player formerly playing for Wacker Innsbruck at Defensive Midfielder position .
Luisel Ramos ( born 12 April 1984 -- August 2 , 2006 ) was an Uruguayan model .
Stuart Watkiss ( born 8 May 1966 ) is an English former professional footballer and manager who will be the head coach of the Bharat FC in India .
The Wizard of New Zealand QSM ( born Ian Brackenbury Channell ; 4 December 1932 ) is a New Zealand educator , comedian , magician and politician who has become something of a national icon .
Frode Lamøy ( born 2 April 1972 ) is a Norwegian - born drummer .
Ko Lay ( Burmese : ကိုလေး , pronounced : ( kò lé ) ; born 31 October 1931 ) was mayor of Yangon from 1988 to 2003 .
Kimiko Douglass - Ishizaka ( born 4 December 1976 ) is a German - Japanese pianist , former olympic weightlifter and powerlifter .
Ali Ghaleb Himmat ( Arabic : علي غالب همت‎ ; born 16 June 1938 in Damascus , Syria ) is an Italian businessman who lives in Campione d'Italia , Italy , near Youssef Nada .
Karol Kisel ( born 15 March 1977 ) is a retired Slovak footballer .
Gerhard Stahl ( born in Ludwigsburg , Germany on 2 December 1950 ) is since August 2014 Professor at the Peking University HSBC Business School in Shenzhen in China .
Robert D. Borsley ( born 15 March 1949 in Coventry ) is Professor of Linguistics at the University of Essex , UK .
Miya Masaoka is based in New York City ( born 1958 , Washington , DC ) and is an American composer , musician , and sound artist active in the field of experimental music .
Jassim Al Kazmawi ( 1912 - -1994 ) was a Kuwaiti political figure important in the early history of modern Bahrain .
Christopher Morris , known by the stage name Lance Fortune ( born 4 January 1940 , Birkenhead , Cheshire , England ) is an English pop singer .
Peter Thielst ( born 1951 ) is a Danish philosopher , author and publisher of philosophical books from the Danish bureau `` Det lille forlag '' ( `` The little publisher '' ) .
Matthias Ettrich ( born 14 June 1972 in Bietigheim - Bissingen , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German computer scientist known for his contributions to the KDE and LyX projects .
Chief Niwot or Left Hand(-ed ) ( c. 1825 - -1864 ) was a tribal leader of the Southern Arapaho people and played an important part in the history of Colorado .
Coolboy Ngamole ( born 21 June 1977 ) is a South African long - distance runner who specialises in the marathon .
Morten Skallerud ( born 14 July 1954 ) is a Norwegian cinematographer and film director .
Anna Komnene ( Greek : Ἄννα Κομνηνή , Ánna Komnēnḗ ; 1 December 1083 -- 1153 ) , commonly Latinized as Anna Comnena , was a Byzantine princess , scholar , physician , hospital administrator , and historian .
John Robert Kline ( 1891 - -1955 ) was a US - American Professor of Mathematics at the University of Pennsylvania from 1920 to 1955 .
Early Life and Education Jimoh Buraimoh was born in Osogbo , Osun state , Nigeria in 1943 into a Muslim family .
Stuart Terence Roger Binny , or commonly Stuart Binny , ( born 3 June 1984 ) , is an International Indian cricketer , who plays for One Day Internationals , Twenty20 Internationals , and Tests .
Yann Benoist ( born 6 February 1951 ) is a French session guitarist , performer , composer , conductor , and arranger .
Ivona Dadic ( Croatian : Ivona Dadić ; born 29 December 1993 ) is an Austrian track and field athlete .
Andy Rinehart ( born 1960 in Norwalk , Connecticut , USA ) is an American balladeer , composer and multi instrumentalist .
John Pasche ( born 24 April 1945 ) is an English art designer , most famous for designing the `` Tongue and Lip Design '' logo for the rock band The Rolling Stones .
David Schmeidler ( born 1939 ) is an Israeli mathematician and economic theorist with important contributions in the theory of individual decision making under uncertainty ( decision theory ) .
Ricky Mott ( born 21 April 1981 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League .
He was born at Leicester on 28 August 1735 , the second son of Richard Farmer , a maltster , by his wife Hannah , daughter of John Knibb .
Jón Atli Jónasson ( born 1972 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic playwright and screenwriter .
Avner Falk ( Hebrew : אבנר פלק‎ ; born 1943 ) is an Israeli clinical psychologist and author .
Hans Jordaens the Elder ( 1555 -- 1630 ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter whose religious works are often confused with that of other painters with the same name .
Necdet Yaşar ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈnedʒdet ˈjaʃaɾ ) ) or Necdet Yasar in the West ( born 1930 ) , is a Turkish tanbur lute player and teacher .
Loukas Panourgias ( Livadeia,1899 - Athens,1981 ) was a Greek athlete and footballer .
Octavio Frias de Oliveira Filho , known as Otávio Frias Filho ( São Paulo , June 7 , 1957 ) is a Brazilian newspaper editor .
Rodrigo Caio Coquette Russo ( born 17 August 1993 ) , known as Rodrigo Caio , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a central defender or a defensive midfielder .
Liya Kebede ( Amharic : ሊያ ከበደ ? ; born 1 March 1978 ) is an Ethiopian - born model , maternal health advocate , clothing designer , and actress .
Behnoosh Bakhtiari ( Persian : بهنوش بختیاری‎‎ ; born May 19 , 1975 in Tehran ) is an Iranian actress .
Ghassan Khatib ( Arabic : غسان الخطيب‎ ) ( 1954- ) is a Palestinian politician .
Trevor Gadd ( born 16 April 1952 ) is a former English track cycling champion , representing Great Britain and England at the Olympic Games , Commonwealth Games and World Championships .
Adela Reta ( Montevideo , 9 July 1921 - 3 April 2001 ) was a Uruguayan lawyer and jurist .
Eddy Thomas ( c. 1932 -- April 10 , 2014 ) was a Jamaican dancer , choreographer and dance instructor .
Tammy Ogston ( born 26 July 1970 ) is an Australian football referee from Brisbane , Queensland , Brisbane .
Rune Bolseth ( born 4 July 1980 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sogndal in OBOS - ligaen .
Francisca Ordega ( birthdate : 19 October 1993 ) is a Nigerian professional soccer player who also plays for Washington Spirit in the National Women 's Soccer League .
Svetozar Marović ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Светозар Маровић ) ; born 31 March 1955 ) is a lawyer and a Montenegrin politician .
Anjala Zaveri ( born 20 April 1972 ) is an Indian British actress .
Salman Alizade ( born 1 December 1993 ) is an amateur Light flyweight boxer from Azerbaijan .
Askar Simitko , alternative spellings use `` Asgar '' and/or `` Smitko '' , ( 1953 - -January 28 , 1995 ) was a Kurdish Iranian spy operating in Turkey .
Kjetil Bjørlo ( born 27 March 1968 ) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor , individual bronze medalist in the classic course at the 1997 World Orienteering Championships in Grimstad .
Alessandro Ligi ( born 7 November 1989 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a centre back for Vicenza , on loan from Bari in the Serie B.
Clara Voghan ( born 1957 , Buenos Aires ) is the pen name of an Argentine writer of romance novels .
Héléna Arsène Darmesteter , born Héléna Hartog ( 1854 -- 1923 ) was a British portrait painter .
Siddharth Nagarajan ( born 25 September 1997 ) is the youngest drummer from India .
Sonosuke Fujimaki ( Japanese : 藤巻 惣之助 ; born 10 January 1939 ) is a Japanese fencer .
K. Ramachandran ( born 9 August 1951 ) is an Indian politician and the former minister for Khadi in Tamil Nadu .
Hugh Bernard Price ( born 1941 ) was a U.S. activist .
Charlotte Evans MBE ( born 29 March 1991 ) is a British skier , sighted guide and Paralympian .
Adams Ibrahim Adebola ( born 5 May 1988 ) , popularly known as VJ Adams , is a Nigerian video jockey , television presenter , entrepreneur , musician cum executive producer .
James Michael Freke Bulkeley ( 1761 -- November 13 , 1796 ) was a civil servant and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Emiliano González Arqués ( born 20 September 1969 ) is a Spanish - born Andorran retired footballer .
Sushil Bhattacharya ( 1924 -- 18 July 2015 ) was an Indian football player and coach .
Richard Francis Needham , 6th Earl of Kilmorey , PC ( born 29 January 1942 ) , usually known as Sir Richard Needham , is a British Conservative politician .
Joel Hardin ( born in 1940 in Ontario , Oregon ) is a former United States Border Patrol inspector and mantracking expert .
Valentín Díaz ( 1 November 1845 - 1916 ) was a Filipino patriot who was among the founders of the Katipunan that started the Philippine Revolution against Spain in 1896 .
John J. Bursch ( born 1972 ) was the 10th Michigan Solicitor General and supervised the state 's appellate litigation with a special emphasis on Michigan and U.S. Supreme Court disputes .
Maurice Frimont , born 14 December 1747 in Gondreville ( Meurthe - et - Moselle ) , youngest child of Dominique Frimont , a laborer at Gondreville , and Catherine Laurent , was a general of the French Revolutionary Wars and , later Napoleonic Wars .
Ratomir Čabrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ратомир Чабрић ) ( 19 September 1918 -- 13 April 1990 ) was a Serbian football player and coach .
Robert Hindmarsh ( 1759 - -1835 ) was an English printer and one of the original founders of Swedenborgianism .
Adelina de Lara OBE ( 23 January 1872 -- 25 November 1961 ) was a British classical pianist and composer .
Koo Kwang - ming ( Chinese : 辜寬敏 ; pinyin : Gū Guānmǐn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ko͘ Khoan - bín , born on 15 October 1926 ) is a Taiwanese politician , businessman and independence activist .
Franciszka Corvin - Krasińska ( 1742 , Maleszowa -- 30 April 1796 in Dresden ) , was a Polish noblewoman and the morganatic wife of Charles of Saxony , Duke of Courland , the son of King Augustus III of Poland .
Chiyotairyū Hidemasa ( born 14 November 1988 as Hidemasa Meigetsuin ) is a professional sumo wrestler from Tokyo , Japan .
Barbara Rentler ( born 1958 ) is a businesswoman , and the current CEO of Fortune 500 company , Ross Stores Inc.
Matteo D'Afflitto ( c. 1447 -- 1523 ) , also referred to as Matthaeus de Afflictis , was a Neapolitan jurist .
Jailene Cintrón , on recordings credited as Jailene ( born 28 May 1966 in Río Piedras , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican merengue singer and recording artist , as well as a TV personality and entertainer .
Mateo Morrison Fortunato ( b. 14 April 1946 , Santo Domingo ) , is a Dominican writer , lawyer , poet and essayist .
Nicholas Conroy ( 1816 -- October 13 , 1879 ) was an Irish - born farmer and politician in Prince Edward Island .
Paul M. Allen , Ph.D. ( born September 1951 ) is an American cellular immunologist and current Robert L. Kroc Professor of Pathology and Immunology at Washington University School of Medicine .
Ruth M. Leverton ( 23 March 1908 -- 14 September 1982 ) was an American home economist .
Nils Petter Gleditsch ( born 17 July 1942 in Sutton , Surrey , Great Britain ) is a Norwegian sociologist and political scientist .
Diego Occhiuzzi ( born 30 April 1981 ) is an Italian fencer and olympic medal winner in team sabre competition .
Kim Dingle ( born 1951 ) is a Los Angeles - based contemporary artist working in paint , sculpture and installation .
Paul Raphaelson ( born 1968 , New York , New York , USA ) , is an American artist best known for urban landscape photography .
Svein Scharffenberg ( born 21 June 1939 ) is a Norwegian actor and stage director .
Thomas Konow ( 10 October 1796 -- 10 October 1881 ) was a Norwegian naval officer and politician , most remembered today as the youngest member of the Constituent Assembly at Eidsvold in 1814 .
Morgan Baker ( born 11 May 1997 ) is an Australian actor best known for playing the role of Callum Jones on the soap opera Neighbours between 2008 and 2014 .
Milan Máčala ( born 4 August 1943 ) is a Czech football coach who coached various clubs in the Czech Republic and the Middle East .
Bjørn Grinde ( born 3 July 1952 ) is a biologist working in the fields of genetics and evolution , with a particular interest in human evolution .
Albert H. Small ( born 1927 ) is a real estate developer , and philanthropist .
Sam Nixon ( born 21 March 1986 ) is an English singer and television presenter .
Fr . Kjell Arild Pollestad ( born 27 May 1949 in Hå , Jæren ) is a Norwegian author , essayist , translator , theologian , philologist , Catholic priest and Dominican .
Marek Mintál ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈmarɛk ˈmɪntaːl ) ; born 2 September 1977 ) is a retired Slovak footballer .
Tamer Hassan ( born 18 March 1968 ) , is an English actor of Turkish Cypriot descent .
Nick Caldecott ( born 5 June 1968 ) is a British stage actor .
Daniele Marchitelli ( born 12 January 1955 ) , best known as Lele Marchitelli , is an Italian musician and composer .
António Lino de Sousa Horta Osório ( born Lisbon , Mercês , 21 December 1933 ) is a Portuguese lawyer and sportsman .
Rochelle Perts ( born 20 March 1992 ) , better known by her stage name Rochelle , is a Dutch singer who rose to prominence after winning the fourth season of talent show X Factor on 10 June 2011 .
Hridayeshwar Singh Bhati ( born 3 September 2002 ) is an Indian student who invented a six - player variant of chess .
Juho Rantala ( born 13 December 1974 in Helsinki ) is a football manager and former defender / midfielder , currently managing FC Honka in the Finnish Kakkonen .
Jan Valentin Sæther ( born 18 March 1944 ) is a Norwegian figurative painter , sculptor and gnostic priest .
Ronan McKenzie , born 1998 ) , is an English kart racing driver .
He was the son of Joseph Bretland , an Exeter tradesman , was born at Exeter 22 May 1742 .
Pál Németh ( 20 June 1937 -- 9 January 2009 ) was a Hungarian sportsperson and later coach in hammer throwing .
Ryan Gobbe ( born 1980 ) is an Australian electronic musician who records under the names Mieli and Twotone .
Isabel Rivas ( born 1961 ) , is a Filipina actress in movies and television .
Sjoerd Wiarda born in 1355 and died in 1410 .
Nikola Moravčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Никола Моравчевић , also rendered as Nicholas Moravcevich , born December 10 , 1935 ) is a Serbian - American literary historian , literary critic , academic and novelist .
Victor Luis Chuab Zamblauskas , commonly known as Victor Luis ( born 23 June 1993 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Palmeiras as a left back .
Nicholas Burgess Farrell ( born 2 October 1958 ) is an English journalist and the author of Mussolini :
Prof . Dr. Muhammad Rehman ( Urdu : پروفيسرڈ اکٹرمحمّدرحمٰن ‎ ; born 5 January 1944 ) is a Pakistani Cardiac surgeon . Dr .
Padre Manuel Arruda da Câmara ( Pombal 1752 - -Goiana , October 2 , 1810 ) was a Portuguese cleric , physician and scientist , who became known as one of the great Brazilian botanists of the late eighteenth century .
Luc Zeebroek ( born 5 May 1956 ) , better known as Kamagurka , is a Belgian cartoonist , playwright , comic strip artist , painter , comedian , comedic singer and television producer , known for the absurd nature of his work .
Faye Wong ( born 8 August 1969 ) is a Chinese singer - songwriter and actress based in Hong Kong , often referred to as a `` diva '' in Hong Kong media .
Marius Vassiliou ( born 1957 ) is an American computational scientist , geophysicist , and aerospace executive .
Bruce Martyn ( born 1930 ) is a former American sportscaster , logging over 45 years behind the mike .
Robert Garside ( born 6 January 1967 ) , calling himself The Runningman , is a British runner who is credited by Guinness World Records as the first person to run around the world .
Ramadan Alagab ( born 20 February , 1986 ) is a Sudanese international footballer , who plays for Al - Mourada as a striker .
Yana van der Meulen Rodgers ( born 1966 ) is professor and graduate director within the Women 's and Gender Studies department of Rutgers University , and was the president of the International Association for Feminist Economics ( IAFFE ) from 2013 to 2014 .
Jadranka Joksimović ( born 26 January 1978 , Belgrade , Serbia ) is a minister without portfolio in the government of Serbia .
David Clive King ( born 24 April 1924 ) is an English author best known for his children 's book Stig of the Dump ( 1963 ) .
Jón Ólafsson of Grunnavík ( Jón Ólafsson frá Grunnavík , also known as Jón Grunnvíkingur or Grunnavíkur - Jón , 1705 -- 1779 ) was an Icelandic scholar .
Nicolas Ladany ( also Nicolau Ladanyi , born 7 April 1889- unknown ) was a Hungarian association football coach .
Dennis Firestone ( born 22 July 1944 in Townsville , Australia ) is a former CART driver from 1979 to 1987 .
Daniel Gaudet also known as Dan Gaudet , was born on August 16 , 1959 , in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
André Ristic ( born 19 December 1972 ) is a Canadian composer , pianist , accordion player , and music theorist .
Antun Miletić ( born 30 June 1931 ) is a Croatian and Serbian historian .
Dirk Anders ( born 26 September 1966 ) is a German former footballer who is now a scout for Bayern Munich .
Jonathan Akpoborie ( born 20 October 1968 ) is a former Nigerian football player who spent the majority of his playing career in Germany .
Linda Lewis ( born Linda Ann Fredericks , 27 September 1950 , West Ham , Essex ) is an English vocalist , songwriter and guitarist .
Felix A. Aharonian ( born 23 May 1952 ) is a physicist and astrophysicist .
The Rev. Frederick Anson ( 1811 - 1885 ) was a British clergyman from the Anson family .
John Nash Douglas Bush ( 1896 - -1983 ) was a literary critic and literary historian .
Samuel Scheimann ( born 3 November 1987 ) is an Israeli international footballer player who plays professionally for Hapoel Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League , as a left back .
Stephen O'Neill ( born 19 November 1980 ) is a Gaelic footballer from Aughabrack , Northern Ireland , who plays for the Tyrone senior football team .
Bernd Eckstein ( born 22 May 1953 ) was an East German ski jumper who competed during the 1970s .
Keith Kyle ( 4 August 1925 , Sturminster Newton , Dorset -- 21 February 2007 , London ) was a British writer , broadcaster and historian .
Victor Pemberton ( born 10 October 1931 ) is a British writer and television producer .
Emma Trott ( born 24 December 1989 ) is a retired English racing cyclist from Cheshunt , currently based in Oudenaarde .
Dan Bogan ( 1860 -- after 1889 ) was an American gunfighter and outlaw of the American Old West , who today is considered to have been one of the most underrated gunmen of the 19th century west .
Noel Magee ( born 16 December 1965 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is a former professional boxer and former Commonwealth light heavyweight Title holder .
Adelina Yzac ( born in 1954 in Périgord Noir ) is an author who writes in both Occitan and French .
Lee Murphy ( born 7 January 1977 ) is a former professional Australian Rugby league player .
Ola Kvernberg ( born 16 June 1981 ) is a Norwegian jazz musician , known for his virtuosic string swing violin playing and his international performances .
Louis B. Boudin ( 1874 - -1952 ) was a Russian - born American Marxist theoretician , writer , politician , and lawyer .
Gustavo González Castro ( born 1 July 1973 ) , commonly referred to by his alias `` El Erótico '' ( `` The Erotic One '' ) , is a Mexican drug lord and founding member of Los Zetas , a criminal organization originally formed by ex - commandos from the Mexican Armed Forces .
David Stout ( born c. 1942 in Erie , Pennsylvania ) is a journalist and author of mystery novels , two of which have been turned into TV movies , and of non - fiction about violent crime .
Tobias Schenke ( 27 March 1981 ) is a German actor most famous for playing the character of Florian Thomas in Ants in My Pants and More Ants in the Pants and the older Jürgen Bartsch in The Child I Never Was .
Jiří Kopáč ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɪr̝iː ˈkopaːtʃ ) ; born 23 February 1982 ) is a Czech rower .
Süleyman Genç ( born 1944 in Gölyayla , İkizdere , Rize Province ) is a former Turkish politician and author .
Marcel Desaulniers ( born 1945 ) is an American chef who was part - owner of the Trellis Restaurant in Williamsburg , Virginia , a cookbook author , director Emeritus of the Culinary Institute of America , and self - described `` Guru of Ganache . ''
Sheila Keith ( 9 June 1920 -- 14 October 2004 ) was a British character actress , active in theatre , films and TV .
Ria Mooney ( 1904 -- 3 January 1973 ) was an Irish stage and screen actress , artistic director of the Abbey Theatre ( 1948 - 1963 ) and director of the Gaiety School of Acting .
John Loosemore ( August 1616 -- April 18 , 1681 ) was an English builder of pipe organs .
Greta Andersen ( born 1 May 1927 ) is a retired Danish swimmer who won a gold and a silver medal in 100 m freestyle events at the 1948 Olympics .
Anaïs Laurendon ( born 15 April 1985 ) , is a retired French professional tennis player .
Rodrigo Osorio ( Ahuachapan , 1968 , according to other sources 1965 and September 19 , 1974 -- August 4 , 2014 , Santo Domingo , Sonsonate ) was a Salvadoran footballer .
Ivan Vahylevych , Jan Wagilewicz , b 2 September 1811 in the village of Yasen ( today in Rozhniativ Raion ) , Stanislawow powiat , Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria , d 10 May 1866 in Lwów .
Umeh Kalu Ikwuonwu ( born 5 August 1961 ) is a Nigerian legal practitioner .
Chris Erickson ( born 1 December 1981 ) is an Australian racewalker who represented his country in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympic games over the 20 km distance .
Steven Welsh ( born 16 March 1974 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a Canadian cricket player .
Qian Gang ( Chinese : 钱钢 ; pinyin : Qián Gāng ; born 11 August 1953 ) is a Chinese non - fiction writer and journalists from Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province , China who over four decades has written hundreds of articles and dozens of books .
Johan Henrik Åkerman ( 31 March 1896 in Stockholm - July 12 , 1982 ) was a Swedish economist and was a Professor of Economics and Statistics at Lund University . He was the younger brother to Swedish economist Johan Gustav Åkerman .
Dubravka Ugrešić ( born 27 March 1949 ) is a post - Yugoslav writer .
Bonnie Seeman is an American ceramic artist born in 1969 .
Aurand Harris ( 1916 - -1996 ) was an American playwright who wrote 36 plays for children , estimated at the time of his death in 1996 to have been performed on over 30,000 occasions .
Francis MacManus ( 8 March 1909 -- 27 November 1965 ) was an Irish novelist and broadcaster .
Robert Peel ( 1723 -- 12 September 1795 ) , commonly known as Parsley Peel , was an influential cotton mill owner and grandfather to Sir Robert Peel , 2nd Baronet , future prime minister of Great Britain .
Peter Bischoff ( 1904 -- 1976 ) was a German competitive sailor and Olympic champion .
Mohamed Suleiman ( Arabic : محمد سليمان‎ ) ( born 23 November 1969 ) is a Qatari middle - distance runner .
Stirling Dickinson ( 1909 -- October 27 , 1998 ) was an artist who spent much of his life in San Miguel de Allende , in Mexico , where he was one of the first members of what would become a colony of expatriate artists from the United States .
Brendan Canning ( born 1969 ) is a founding member of Broken Social Scene and a veteran indie rock performer who has been a member of various notable bands including By Divine Right , Blurtonia , Valley of the Giants , Len , and hHead .
Eirik Sivertsen ( born 17 March 1971 ) is a Norwegian politician who represents the Arbeiderpartiet .
Mike Fahn ( born December 16th , 1960 in Huntington , New York ) is an American jazz trombonist .
George Naghi ( 25 February 1952 in Călăraşi , Călărași County -- 7 August 2011 in the Danube Delta region ) was a Romanian businessman and millionaire , founder of Aldis SRL meat products enterprise .
Jarosław Szarek ( born 1963 ) is a Polish journalist , writer and historian .
Jonathan Allen ( born 1966 ) is a visual artist , writer , and magician based in London .
Gilbert Manier Muvunyi ( born 3 March 1990 ) is a Rwandan footballer , with French citizenship .
Guðbrandur Vigfússon , known in English as Gudbrand Vigfusson , ( 13 March 1827 -- 31 January 1889 ) was one of the foremost Scandinavian scholars of the 19th century .
Vicente Martín y Soler ( 2 May 1754 -- 30 January 1806 ) was a Spanish composer of opera and ballet .
Nasreen Pervin Huq ( born Bangladesh , 18 November 1958 , died Bangladesh , 24 April 2006 ) was a prominent women 's activist and campaigner for women 's rights and social justice .
Louis Boulduc ( 1648 - -1700 ? ) was a French soldier from 1665 to 1668 and settler of New France .
Angelika Cichocka ( born 15 March 1988 ) is a Polish athlete who specializes in middle - distance running .
Willie Hoel ( 16 June 1920 - 15 June 1986 ) was a popular Norwegian actor and comedian .
William Yabsley ( 2 February 1812 -- 21 January 1880 ) was an Australian mixed farmer , shipbuilder and shipowner .
Daniele Pedrelli ( born 16 May 1988 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Portuguese side Olhanense , in the Segunda Liga as a left wing -- back
Elangbam Nilakanta Singh ( 1927 - 2000 ) was an Indian poet and critic , considered by many as one of the pioneers of modern Manipuri literature .
Miguel Ángel Sánchez López ( born 2 July 1980 ) is a Nicaraguan footballer who most recently played for Matagalpa .
Dharmendra Kakarala ( born 1981 ) is an Indian film editor , who works in Telugu cinema , where starting with Prasthanam ( 2010 ) , he edited films like LBW ( 2011 ) , Dhada ( 2011 ) .
Alan Kelley ( born 24 December 1952 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a fullback .
Luke Snellin ( Born 9 March 1986 ) is an English screenwriter and director working in film , television , music videos and commercials .
Piera Tizzoni ( Turin , 14 February 1940 ) is a former Italian long jumper .
Rex Goh ( born Tee Haut Rex Goh 5 May 1951 , Singapore ) is a rock guitarist .
Tony Trimmer ( born 24 January 1943 ) is a British former racing driver from England , who won the Shell British Formula 3 Championship and E.R. Hall Trophy in 1970 .
Rahul Ranade ( born 23 May 1966 in Pune , Maharashtra ) is an Indian singer and music composer in Marathi and Hindi movies .
Adrian Flavin ( born 6 June 1979 in Harrow on the Hill , London ) is a former Irish rugby union footballer .
Paul Monroe , Ph.D. , LL.D. ( 1869 - -1947 ) was an American educator .
John Tresilian ( c. 1450 -- after 1515 ) was a British master smith who worked for Edward IV of England .
David Jeffrey ( born 28 October 1962 ) is a Northern Irish football manager and former player best known for managing Linfield between 1997 and 2014 .
Mohamed Abdel Hakim Amer ( Arabic : محمد عبد الحكيم عامر‎ , IPA : ( mæˈħæmmæd ʕæbdelħæˈkiːm ˈʕæːmeɾ ) ; 11 December 1919 -- 14 September 1967 ) was an Egyptian general and political leader .
Ondřej Kušnír ( born 5 April 1984 ) is a professional Czech football player , who plays for Rapid Bucureşti in the Liga II .
William Arthur Callendar à Beckett ( 1833 - -1901 ) eldest son of Sir William à Beckett , was in the Legislative Council of Victoria from 1868 to 1876 , and held office without portfolio in the Administration of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy from June 1871 to 10 June 1872 .
John Butter , M.D. ( 1791 - -1877 ) was an English ophthalmic surgeon .
Sergey Gulyakevich ( born 1 June 1981 ) is a Belarusian professional boxer who competes in the super featherweight division .
Landon Parvin ( born 1948 ) is a Republican speech writer who has written for several U.S. politicians , including Presidents Ronald Reagan , George H.W. Bush , George W. Bush , and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Scott Moorhouse ( born 24 May 1989 ) is a Paralympian track and field athlete from England competing mainly in category F42 javelin throw .
Ricky Graham ( born 21 June 1946 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the VFL during the late 1960s .
Elad Lassry ( born 1977 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is an Israeli - American artist who lives and works in Los Angeles .
Ralf Kaldenhoff ( * 2 October 1958 ) is a German botanist and professor for applied plant sciences at the Technical University of Darmstadt .
Serdar Dursun ( born 19 October 1991 ) is a Turkish - German professional footballer who plays as a Forward for Centone Karagümrük .
Jüri Arrak ( born 24 October 1936 ) is an Estonian artist , a painter whose works with distinguished and recognizable style have won acclaim around the world .
Isaac Levi ( born 30 June 1930 ) , is an American philosopher .
Martin Max ( born 7 August 1968 ) is a retired German footballer , who played as a striker .
Jim Wallhead ( born 14 March 1984 ) is an English professional mixed martial artist who competes in the Welterweight division .
Konstantinos Lagoumitzis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Λαγουμιτζής , 1781 - - ? ) was a Greek revolutionary during the War of Greek Independence ( 1821 - -1830 ) , famous for his ability to dig underground tunnels during sieges .
Salla Simukka ( born 16 June 1981 ) is a best - selling Finnish novelist , translator and literary critic , known for her young adult series The Snow White Trilogy , which was originally published in Finnish as the Lumikki Andersson trilogy .
Gabriel N'Galula Mbuyi ( born 1 June 1982 ) , sometimes referred to as Junior , is a former Belgian footballer .
Huang Kuo - chang ( Chinese : 黃國昌 , born 19 August 1973 ) is a Taiwanese politician , activist , legal scholar , researcher and writer .
Yaya Diallo was born in 1946 in the village of Fienso ( French Sudan ) now Mali , to a nomadic Fula father and a Minianka mother .
Magdolna Patóh ( born 12 May 1948 ) is a retired Hungarian swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships .
Rainer Köttstorfer ( born 2 August 1981 ) is a German professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent .
Huo Ke ( Chinese : 霍克 ; pinyin : Huò Kè ; born August 1961 ) is a former Chinese political operative who served as an aide to senior official Ling Jihua .
David Evans Shaw ( born 1951 ) is an American managing partner of Black Point Group , with wide ranging interests in technology companies and public service .
William Busfield ( 1773 -- 1851 ) was an English politician , Whig Member of Parliament for Bradford from 1837 to his death .
Marcela Kloosterboer ( born 5 July 1983 ) is an Argentine actress and occasional singer .
Pele Peletelese ( born 22 April 1984 in New Zealand ) is a professional rugby league footballer in the National Rugby League completion .
Anita Håkenstad ( born 19 February 1968 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in marathon races and cross - country running .
Edward E. `` Ted '' Paramore III ( January 13 , 1928-July 8 , 2008 ) was an American pornographic film director best known by his stage name Harold Lime .
Pamela Zoline or Pamela Lifton - Zoline ( born in Chicago in 1941 ) is a writer and painter living in the United States in Telluride , Colorado .
Juana Coello ( Madrid 1548 - ? ) was the wife of Antonio Pérez , Secretary of State of Philip II of Spain , famous for having helped her husband escape from prison .
Grenville Dietrich ( born 5 March 1960 ) is a retired Australian Rules football player who played for the North Adelaide and West Torrens football clubs in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) between 1982 and 1988 .
Eugenio Lascorz y Labastida ( 26 March 1886 - 1 June 1962 ) was a pretender who claimed connection to several dynasties of the Byzantine Empire .
Tosin Oke ( born 1 October 1980 in London , England ) is a Nigerian track and field athlete , who competes in the triple jump .
Katja Aßmann ( born 28 May 1971 ) is a German curator and cultural manager .
Patrick Osmund Lewry ( 1929 - -1987 ) was a Dominican who made significant contributions to the history of logic and the philosophy of language in the thirteenth century .
Madurawelage Don Udara Supeksha Jayasundera ( born 3 January 1991 ) , more commonly known as Udara Jayasundera , is a Sri Lankan cricketer .
Luc de la Corne , ( 1711 -- October 1 , 1784 ) also known as Saint Luc , was the son of Jean - Louis de La Corne de Chaptes ( 1666 - 1732 ) , King 's Lieutenant at Montreal , and Marie Pécaudy de Contrecœur .
Lars Ketil Strand ( born 11 May 1924 ) is a Norwegian forester .
Boston Charley ( 1854 -- October 3 , 1873 ) was a warrior in the Modoc War of 1872 .
Robert Sloan ( born 14 July 1983 ) is a Scottish footballer , currently playing for Bo'ness United in the Scottish Junior Football Association , East Region .
Stuart Graham ( born 9 January 1942 ) is a British former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and Saloon car racing specialist .
Jeremy Brooks ( 17 December 1926 -- 27 June 1994 ) was a novelist , poet , and dramatist .
Viceré Marchese Francesco Jacomoni di San Savino ( 31 August 1893 -- 17 February 1973 ) was an Italian diplomat and governor of Albania before and during World War II .
Lisa Oppenheim ( born 1975 ) is an American multimedia artist .
Giovanni Benedetti ( born 12 March 1917 ) is an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church .
Richard C. Mulligan , Ph.D. , ( born 1954 ) is the Mallinckrodt Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School , and Director of the Harvard Gene Therapy Initiative .
Ken Houghton ( born 18 October 1939 in Rotherham ) is a former football midfielder and manager .
Daniel Morelon ( born 24 July 1944 ) is a retired French racing cyclist who was active between 1963 and 1980 .
Diana Haddad ( Arabic : ديانا حداد‎ ) ( born 1 October 1976 ) is a Lebanese singer and television personality who also holds an Emirati citizenship and is based in the United Arab Emirates .
Augustin Kontchou Kouomegni ( born 1945 ) is a Cameroonian political figure who served in the government of Cameroon from 1990 to 2001 .
Rebecca Prichard ( born 1971 ) is English author and playwright , and one of the major contributors to the In - yer - face theatre movement .
Stefano Zacchiroli ( born 16 March 1979 ) is an Italian academic and computer scientist who lives and works in Paris , and a former Debian Project Leader , having this position between April 2010 and April 2013 .
Jaume Sastre i Font ( Sant Joan , Mallorca , 16 May 1959 ) is a Spanish literature and Catalan language teacher in Mallorca .
Sha'ari Tadin ( 2 August 1932 -- 13 December 2009 ) was a Member of Parliament ( MP ) , and Senior Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Culture in the Singapore Government .
John Keston ( born Francis Douglas Arthur Caston , 5 December 1924 ) is an English - born actor and singer , and a world - record - holding runner .
Charles P. Ries ( born 1951 ) is the vice president , International at the Rand Corporation .
Sojun Mel Weitsman ( born 1929 ) , born Mel Weitsman , is the founder , abbot and guiding teacher of Berkeley Zen Center located in Berkeley , California .
Gary Shail ( born 10 November 1959 ) is an English actor , director , producer and musician .
Melissa Comin De Candido ( born 28 July 1983 ) is an Italian figure roller skater .
David Zhu ( ( traditional Chinese ( HK ) ) : 朱戴维 ) , born on 17 August 1990 , is a Chinese racing driver competing in the FIA Formula Two Championship .
Ellie Crisell ( born 19 July 1976 ) is an English journalist and television presenter working for the BBC .
Mahendrasinh Chauhan ( born 1 November 1953 in Village - Bamanva District - Mehsana ) is an Indian politician from Gujarat State and member of Bhartiya Janata Party .
Wilfred Mugeyi ( born 4 July 1969 ) is a Zimbabwean former footballer who is currently coach at South African Premier Soccer League club AmaZulu FC .
John Andrew Crossan ( born 29 November 1938 ) , commonly known as Jobby or Johnny Crossan , is a Northern Irish author , radio sports analyst , entrepreneur , and former football player .
Indira Kanwar ( c. 1696 - ? ; Hindi : इंदिरा कंवर ) was Empress of the Mughal Empire as the second wife Emperor Farrukhsiyar .
Miguel Ángel Brindisi de Marco ( born 8 October 1950 ) is an Argentine football coach and former attacking midfield player .
James William Tobin ( 1808 -- July 24 , 1881 ) was a merchant , official and politician in Newfoundland .
Mehdi Bijari ( Persian : مهدی بیجاری‎ , born 5 December 1983 ) is an Iranian handball player for Samen Sabzevar and the Iranian national team .
Tulsidas Borkar ( born 18 November 1934 , in Borim , Goa ) is an Indian musician , known for playing harmonium solo and his syle of accompanying in Hindustani rag sangeet and allied forms .
Tord Øverland Knudsen ( born 24 July 1982 ) is a Norwegian musician living in England , best known for playing bass , keyboard , and backup vocals for The Wombats .
Katariina Souri ( born 27 October 1968 as Minna Katariina `` Kata '' Kärkkäinen ) is a Finnish author , artist , columnist and Playboy 's Playmate of the Month for December , 1988 .
Issam Merdassi ( Arabic : عصام المرداسي ) ( born 16 March 1981 ) is a Tunisian footballer .
Colin Thain ( born 20 January 1959 ) is Professor of Political Science and a former Head of the Department of Political Science and International Studies at the University of Birmingham .
Jan Baan ( Born in Rijssen , 9 March 1946 ) is a Dutch entrepreneur and venture capitalist , known as the founder of the The Baan Company , a software company providing Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) software .
Daniela Fejerman ( born 1964 ) is an Argentine director and film writer and a licensed psychologist .
Sacha Bennett ( born 11 May 1971 ) is a British actor , writer , producer and director for film and television .
William Crosbie , 1st Earl of Glandore ( May 1716 -- 11 April 1781 ) , known as The Lord Brandon between 1762 and 1771 and as The Viscount Crosbie between 1771 and 1776 , was an Irish politician .
Martin Yeates ( born 24 November 1953 in Salisbury , England ) is a former speedway rider who most prominently rode for the Poole Pirates and the Weymouth Wildcats .
Mary Freehill ( born 22 July 1946 ) is a Dublin City Councillor and was the 329th Lord Mayor of Dublin , serving during the Millennium Year from 5 July 1999 to 3 July 2000 .
Bruce Petty , born in 1929 at Doncaster , a suburb of Melbourne , is one of Australia 's best known political satirists and cartoonists .
Kim Adams ( born 17 December 1951 ) is a Canadian sculptor who creates assemblage in different scales .
James Gall ( 1808 - - 7 February 1895 ) was a Scottish clergyman who founded the Carrubbers Close Mission .
Couzin Ed ( born 1968 ) is an American bar manager and former radio disc jockey who resides in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Manfred Preis ( born 1954 in Hengersberg ) is a German bass clarinetist and saxophonist .
Seán FitzPatrick ( born 25 May 1948 ) was chairman of Anglo Irish Bank until he resigned in December 2008 amid mounting revelations over hidden loans .
Mahmoud Harbi Farah ( Arabic : محمود الحربي‎ ) ( b. 1921-October 1960 ) was a Somali politician .
Jonathan Whitehead is an award winning music composer , born in 1960 in Denton , Lancashire , who is most noted for writing music for television comedies such as The Day Today , Brass Eye , Black Books , Green Wing , Campus and Nathan Barley .
Rubi Noor was born in 1945 at the Kotwali residence of the Khan Chowdhurys .
Bernie Purcell ( 1928 - -2001 ) was an Australian rugby league premiership winning footballer and coach .
Yuri Mamin ( Russian : Юрий Борисович Мамин ; born 8 May 1946 ) is a celebrated Soviet and Russian film director , stage director , screenwriter , composer , author and television host , Honored Art Worker of the Russian Federation .
Francis Lodwick ( or Lodowick ; 1619 - -1694 ) was a pioneer of a priori languages ( what in the seventeenth century was called a ' philosophical language ' ) .
Cara Rafaela is a grey Kentucky thoroughbred mare born in 1993 by the stallion Quiet American out of a Spectacular Bid mare Oil Fable .
Dzmitry Marshin ( born 15 September 1972 in Mogilev ) is an Azerbaijani athlete of Belarusian descent .
Morgan Parker ( born 1974 ) is an Australian real estate executive and philanthropic adventurer who founded the non - profit organisation Wheel2Wheel .
Fortesa Hoti ( born 6 December 1988 in Polac village Skenderaj , Kosovo ) is a Swedish actress .
Govinda Raj Bhattarai(Nepali-गोविन्दराज भट्टराई ) ( 27 July 1953 AD ) is a Nepalese novelist , essayist , literary critic , linguist and translation consultant .
Sahara Beck ( born 1996 ) is an Australian singer and songwriter , residing in Sunshine Coast , Queensland .
Sir John Tooley ( born 1 June 1924 ) is a former general director of the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden , London .
Robert Ellis Dunn ( 1928 - July 5 , 1996 ) was an American musician and choreographer who led classes in dance composition , contributing to the birth of the postmodern dance period in the early 1960s in New York City .
Alaina Williams ( born 30 January 1990 ) is an American trampolinist .
He Weirong ( Chinese : 何为荣 ; born October 1949 ) is a retired lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Brenda Wairimu ( born 3 May 1989 ) is a Kenyan actress and model known for her role in soap opera , Mali .
Tor Fretheim ( born 13 May 1946 ) is a Norwegian journalist and author of children 's literature .
Jacob Mountain junior was born at Thwaite Hall on 1 December 1749 .
Neill Lochery ( born 1965 ) is a Scottish author and leading historian on the modern history of Europe and the Mediterranean Middle East .
Shara Proctor ( born 16 September 1988 ) is an Anguillan - born long jumper , competing for Great Britain since 2011 .
Daniele Romano ( born 5 May 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Swiss Challenge League side Wohlen on loan from Aarau .
John H. Carrington ( born 25 October 1934 ) is a Republican former member of the North Carolina General Assembly who long represented the state 's fifteenth Senate district , including constituents in Wake county .
Mary Bucholtz ( born 29 October 1966 ) , is professor of linguistics at UC Santa Barbara .
Toni Jerrman ( born 1964 ) is critic and editor of the Finnish sci - fi magazine Tähtivaeltaja .
Meriwether Smith ( 1730 -- January 25 , 1790 ) was an American planter from Essex County , Virginia .
Dr. Morag Crichton Timbury , née McCulloch FRSE FRCP , FRCPath ( born c. 1930 ) is a Scottish medical virologist , bacteriologist and science writer .
Wilhelmina Geddes ( 1887 - -1955 ) was an Irish stained glass artist .
Terry St. Louis ( born December 23 , 1969 ) is a former Trinidadian footballer who played the majority of his career in the USL A - League .
Devika or Prameela Devi ( 25 April 1943 -- 2 May 2002 ) was a Tamil and Telugu actress .
Lucien Favre ( born 2 November 1957 ) is a Swiss football manager and former footballer .
Reverend John Chilembwe ( 1871 -- February 3 , 1915 ) was a Baptist pastor and educator , who trained as a minister in the United States , returning to Nyasaland in 1901 .
Norm Hillard ( 3 June 1915 -- 24 April 1986 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jure Godler ( born 24 March 1984 ) is a Slovenian writer , actor , composer and comedian .
Cesare Filippi , the younger son and pupil of Camillo Filippi , was born at Ferrara in 1536 .
Paul Mariner ( born 22 May 1953 ) is an English football coach and retired player .
Parvin Soleimani ( Persian : پروین سلیمانی‎ : 13 June 1922 -- June 1 , 2009 ) was an Iranian actress of theater and cinema , who dedicated over 60 years of her life to Iranian art and cinema .
Rupert Davies FRSA ( 22 May 1916 -- 22 November 1976 ) was a British actor best remembered for playing the title role in the BBC 's 1960s television adaptation of Maigret , based on Georges Simenon 's Maigret novels .
Nita Kapoor ( born 24 November 1956 ) is an Indian - Norwegian cultural director .
Elena Farago ( born Elena Paximade ; 29 March 1878 - -3 January 1954 ) was a Romanian poet , translator and children 's author .
Jason Dormon ( born 2 May 1971 ) is a British bassist and venue owner .
Joseph Galien OP ( born 1699 , Saint - Paulien , France ) was a Dominican professor of philosophy and theology at the University of Avignon , meteorologist , physicist , and writer on aeronautics .
André Joyal ( born 1943 ) is a professor of mathematics at the Université du Québec à Montréal who works on category theory .
Mika Kristian Karppinen , better known as Gas Lipstick ( born 8 February 1971 ) , is a Swedish - Finnish musician , best known as the previous drummer of the Finnish rock group HIM .
José Ramón Andrés Puerta ( born 13 July 1969 ) , known as José Andrés , is a Spanish American chef often credited for bringing the small plates dining concept to America .
Renata Knapik - Miazga ( born 15 July 1988 ) is a Polish épée fencer , bronze medallist at the 2013 European Fencing Championships .
György Nébald ( born 9 March 1956 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who has won three Olympic medals in the team sabre competition .
Olivia De Berardinis , or simply Olivia ( born November 1948 ) is an American artist who is known for her paintings of women , often referred to as pinup or cheesecake art . She has been working in this genre since the mid-1970s .
Braíma Injai ( born 6 October 1975 ) , known as Braíma , is a Guinea Bissauan retired footballer .
George Bosl ( born 1948 ) is an American cancer researcher , holder of the Patrick M. Byrne Chair in Clinical Oncology at the Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York City , and is a Professor of Medicine at the Weill Cornell Medical College .
Antonio Sacre ( born September 23 , 1968 ) is an American author , solo performer , and storyteller .
Ada Mee ( * 1946 in Thuringia ) is a German artist acting in Heidelberg and expressing her art in various techniques ( painting , lithography , photography ) .
Cesca Chenevix Trench ( 1881 -- 1918 ) was an Anglo - Irish woman who became an Irish Nationalist illustrator .
Richard Midgley ( born 7 July 1983 in Burgess Hill , England ) is a retired British professional basketball player who finished his career at the age of 26 .
Chris Doherty ( born 1965 in Braintree , Massachusetts ) is a musician , singer - songwriter best known as the founder of hardcore punk band Gang Green .
Norman Stiles is a television writer , born in 1942 , best known for his work on the show Sesame Street from 1971 until approximately 1995 .
Frank LoPorto ( born 7 February 1978 ) is an Australian professional boxer and the current PABA Super Welterweight Champion .
Claudia Fassaert ( born 11 July 1970 ) is a Belgian Olympic dressage rider .
Andrew Bolt ( born 26 September 1959 ) is an Australian journalist , newspaper columnist , radio commentator , blogger and television host .
Richard Corsie MBE ( born 27 November 1966 ) is a Scottish bowls player , widely considered to be among the best bowls players of all time .
Tor Erling Staff ( born 22 February 1933 ) is a Norwegian barrister .
William Pengelly , FRS FGS ( 12 January 1812 -- 16 March 1894 ) was a British geologist and early archaeologist who was one of the first to contribute proof that the Biblical chronology of the earth calculated by Archbishop James Ussher was incorrect .
Wude Ayalew Yimer ( Amharic : ውዴ ፡ አያሌው ፡ ይመር ; born 4 July 1987 in Gojjam ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner .
Andrew Summers Rowan ( 23 April 1857 , Gap Mills -- 10 January 1943 ) was an American Army officer who served as the liaison between the United States and Cuban rebels led by General Calixto García during the Spanish American War .
Angela Tsun ( born 27 August 1982 ) is an Australian television and radio presenter , who is notable for presenting the weather .
Emanuil Manolov ( Bulgarian : Емануил Манолов ) ( 7 January 1860 -- 2 February 1902 ) was a Bulgarian composer .
Lillie Pierce Voss ( born 15 August 1876 - died 14 September 1967 ) was an early South Florida pioneer , inducted in to the Florida Women 's Hall of Fame by the Florida Commission on the Status of Women in 2012/2013 .
Ekrem Buğra Ekinci ( born 1966 ) is a Turkish academic .
Rufus Curry ( 31 August 1859 -- 18 August 1934 ) was a manufacturer and painter in Nova Scotia .
Zenon Waraszkiewicz ( 1909 - -1946 ) was a Polish mathematician who introduced Waraszkiewicz spirals .
Jorge Taufua ( born 23 October 1991 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League .
Bastian Trinker ( born 11 May 1990 ) is an Austrian professional tennis player .
Pamela Conti ( born 4 April 1982 ) is an Italian football attacking midfielder currently playing for Torres CF in the Serie A and the Italian national team .
Dominic Powlesland ( DUniv ) ( FSA ) ( 1954- ) is a British landscape archaeologist based in North Yorkshire .
Leszek Sułek ( born April 18 , 1954 in Piotrowice near Zawichost ) is a Polish politician .
Klaus Heymann ( born 22 October 1936 ) is a German entrepreneur and the founder and head of the Naxos record label .
Air Chief Marshal Sir Robert James Michael Alcock GCB , KBE , FREng , FIMechE , FRAeS ( born 11 July 1936 ) , usually referred to as Sir Michael Alcock , is a retired senior Royal Air Force commander and an aerospace consultant .
Garey Hayden ( 1944 -- February 5 , 2015 ) was an American professional bridge player and instructor from Tucson , Arizona .
Ignazio Cannavò ( Italian pronunciation : ( iɲˈɲattsjo kannaˈvɔ);12 December 1921 -- 18 October 2015 ) was an Italian Prelate of Roman Catholic Church .
Shlomo Dykman ( Hebrew : שלמה דיקמן‎ ; born 10 February 1917 , died 1965 ) was a Polish - Israeli translator and classical scholar .
Kelly Cates ( née Dalglish , born on 28 September 1975 ) is a Scottish television presenter , currently working for Radio 5 Live .
Martin Condon , born 1857 in Hawkins County , was Knoxville , Tennessee 's first Irish Catholic mayor .
Eid Al - Fayez ( Arabic : عيد الفايز),(born 1945 ) is a Jordanian politician .
Mariella Farré ( born 1963 in Thurgau as Gabriella Filomeno ) is a Swiss singer of Italian descent , best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1983 and 1985 .
Slávek Horák ( born 12 January 1975 ) in Zlín is a Czech film director , screenwriter and actor .
Sir Timothy John Robert Whyte Ackroyd , 3rd Baronet ( born 7 October 1958 ) , known as Timothy Ackroyd , is an English actor .
Laura Kasischke ( born 1961 ) is an American fiction writer and American poet .
Helen Buday ( born 1962 ) is an Australian theatre , TV , movie actress and singer .
Tadeusz Szeligowski ( 13 September 1896 - 10 January 1963 ) was a Polish composer , educator , lawyer and music organizer .
Onorio Ruotolo ( 1888 - -1966 ) was an Italian - American sculptor and poet , once known as the `` Rodin of Little Italy . ''
Rafail Ostrovsky ( born 1963 ) is a professor of computer science and mathematics at UCLA and a well - known researcher in algorithms and cryptography .
Mireille Gigandet - Donders ( née Mireille Donders ; born 7 July 1974 ) is a retired Swiss athlete who specialised in the sprinting events .
Christian Nielsen Lund ( 13 January 1846 -- 5 July 1921 ) was a Mormon pioneer and a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature .
Sima Ai or Sima Yi ( 司馬乂 ) ( 277 - -304 ) , courtesy name Shidu ( 士度 ) , formally Prince Li of Changsha ( 長沙厲王 ) , was a Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) imperial prince who briefly served as regent for his brother Emperor Hui .
Kate Morton ( born 1976 ) is an international bestselling Australian author .
Anna Safroncik ( Ukrainian : Анна Сафрончік , born 4 January 1981 ) is a Ukrainian - born Italian actress and model .
Charles Mitford ( born 31 May 1785 in England ; died 30 October 1831 at Brighton , Sussex ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket in 1815 .
Billy Stark ( born 1 December 1956 ) is a Scottish football player and coach , who is currently assistant manager at Scottish League One side Albion Rovers .
Thomas Vigne ( 1771 in England -- 30 March 1841 at Woodford Wells , Essex ) was an English amateur cricketer .
Gary Pritchard ( born 1970 ) is a professional broadcaster and journalist .
Detlev Mehlis ( born 1949 ) is the Senior Public Prosecutor in the Office of the Attorney General in Berlin .
Stig - Göran Myntti ( born 6 August 1925 ) is a Finnish former footballer and bandy player .
Juan Cruz Mascia ( born 3 January 1994 ) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Nacional in the Uruguayan Primera División .
Gustavo Díaz - Jerez ( 27 February 1970 , Tenerife ) is a Spanish pianist and composer .
Jason Maroney ( born 19 March 1967 ) is an Australian shooter .
Tony Thoma ( born 1 April 1977 in South Africa ) is a Cypriot rugby player who plays for the Cyprus national rugby union team .
Juan Pablo Sorín ( born 5 May 1976 ) is an Argentine former footballer and current sports broadcaster , who played as a left back or left midfielder .
John James Knight ( 7 June 1863 -- 24 November 1927 ) was an Australian journalist , newspaper editor and historian .
Vincenzo Montella ( Italian pronunciation : ( vinˈtʃɛntso monˈtɛlla ) ; born 18 June 1974 ) is a retired Italian footballer , who played as a striker , and who is currently a manager of Sampdoria .
Henri Safran ( born 7 October 1932 ) is a Paris - born director who worked extensively in Australia .
Wolfram Arer ( 23 July 1997 ) is an Italian singer , instrumentalist , and songwriter .
Ken - ichi Kawarabayashi ( Japanese : 河原林 健一 , born 1975 ) is a Japanese graph theorist who works as a professor at the National Institute of Informatics and is known for his research on graph minors .
Tan Sri Datuk Amar Ong Kee Hui ( 1914 - -2000 ) was a Malaysian Chinese politician and founder / President of the Sarawak United People 's Party ( founded 12 June 1959 ) .
William Tedmarsh ( 3 February 1876 - 10 May 1937 ) was an English - American early silent film actor .
Matthew Hogg ( born 21 December 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray and Carlton .
Thomas C. Slater was born in Providence , Rhode Island 21 May 1945 to Thomas J. and Edith M. ( Simpson ) Slater .
Tom Shroder ( born 1954 in New York City ) is a journalist , writer and editor who worked for the Washington Post for many years .
Burl Reid ( born 31 August 1978 in Launceston , Tasmania ) is an Australian butterfly swimmer .
Lausii Taliauli ( born 8 June 1993 ) is a New Zealand - born Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays as a winger for the Brumbies in Super Rugby .
Lee Soon - ok ( born 1947 ) is a former prisoner of a North Korean political prison and a defector .
Lajos Kürthy ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlɒjoʃ ˈkyrti ) ; born 22 October 1986 ) is a Hungarian shot putter .
Gary Fleming ( born 17 February 1967 ) is a retired footballer from Derry , Northern Ireland .
Piotr Semenenko ( June 29 , 1814 - November 18 , 1886 ) was a leading Polish theologists of the Roman Catholic Church in the 19th century .
Murong Chao ( Chinese : 慕容超 ; 385 - -410 ) , courtesy name Zuming ( 祖明 ) , was the last emperor of the Chinese / Xianbei state Southern Yan .
Grégory Katz - Bénichou ( 1971 ) is a French academic and executive manager .
Chris Wu or Wu Kangren ( Chinese : 吳慷仁 ; Wade -- Giles : Wu K'ang - jen ; born 24 November 1982 ) is a Taiwanese model and actor .
T. Colin Campbell ( born , January 1 , 1934 ) is an American biochemist who specializes in the effect of nutrition on long - term health .
Sophy Rickett ( born 22 September 1970 ) is a visual artist , working with photography and video / sound installation .
Branko Jelić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бpaнкo Jeлић ; born 5 May 1977 in Banja Luka ) is a retired Bosnian Serb football player .
Alan Dodd ( born 20 September 1953 ) is an English former professional footballer who played in England for Stoke City , Wolverhampton Wanderers and Port Vale ; he also played in Sweden and the Republic of Ireland .
Chirayu Isarangkun Na Ayuthaya ( จิรายุ อิศรางกูร ณ อยุธยา , rtgs : Chirayu Itsarangkun Na Ayutthaya , Thai pronunciation : ( t͡ɕìʔraːjúʔ ʔìtsàʔraːŋkuːn náʔ ʔàʔjúttʰáʔjaː ) ; born 12 November 1943 ) is a Thai economist and court official .
Jenny Nilson ( born 4 February 1973 ) is a Swedish ballet dancer and actress .
The Right Rev. Wiktor Wysoczański ( born 24 March 1939 in Verkhne Vysotske ) is notable as a Bishop and the present Superior ( i.e. , head Bishop ) of the Polish Catholic Church .
Miloš Tichý ( born 1966 ) is a Czech astronomer .
Antoine Clamaran ( born 8 November 1964 ) is a French house music artist and music remixer .
Mendy Werdyger ( born 1959 , Brooklyn , New York ) is an American Hasidic Jewish singer , songwriter , and owner of the Jewish record label Aderet Records and its retail store , Mostly Music , on 13th Avenue in Boro Park , Brooklyn .
Lanford Monroe ( 1950 - -2000 ) was an internationally known American realist painter and sculptor .
Aristo Sham ( Chinese : 沈靖韜 ) ( born 12 March 1996 ) is a young classical pianist and child prodigy born in Hong Kong .
Jörg Münzner ( born 14 July 1960 ) is an Austrian equestrian and Olympic medalist .
Daryl Janmaat ( born 22 July 1989 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Newcastle United and the Dutch national team as a right back .
Patrick Bokanowski ( born 23 June 1943 in Algiers , French Algeria ) is a French filmmalker who makes experimental and animated films .
Fred Yule ( c. 1893 , Norfolk -- 11 December 1982 , Southend ) was an English character actor , comedian and singer , mainly known for his appearances in post - war BBC Radio programmes such as ITMA , Ray 's a Laugh , Band Waggon ( 1947 era ) and The Archers .
Chris Howland ( 30 July 1928 -- 29 November 2013 ) was a British radio and TV presenter .
Archibald Davidson ( c. 1732 -- 1803 ) was a Scottish Minister , Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland and Principal of Glasgow University .
Bernard Faure ( 1948 - ) is a Franco - American author and scholar of Asian religions , who focuses on Chan / Zen and Japanese esoteric Buddhism .
Felix D'Alviella ( born 30 September 1978 ) is a Belgian actor best known for his character Rico Da Silva in the BBC soap opera Doctors .
Gerald Blake ( 3 December 1928 -- 5 April 1991 ) was a television director during the 1960s to the 1980s .
Leesa Gazi ( Bengali : লিসা গাজী ; born 14 August 1969 ) is a Bangladeshi writer , playwright , theatre director and actress based in London .
Roland Matthes ( born 17 November 1950 ) is a retired German swimmer and the most successful backstroke swimmer of all times .
Wyatt Outlaw ( 1820 -- February 26 , 1870 ) was the first African - American Town Commissioner and Constable of the Town of Graham , North Carolina .
Kathleen Ferguson ( born in Derry in 1958 ) is an Irish author known for The Maid 's Tale .
Ben Gulliver ( born 13 June 1981 in Coventry ) is a Rugby Union player , who currently plays for Bedford Blues .
Edward Boscawen , 1st Earl of Falmouth ( 10 May 1787 -- 29 December 1841 ) , known as the Viscount Falmouth between 1808 and 1821 , was a British peer and politician .
Jim Falk ( born 26 October 1946 ) is a physicist and academic researcher on science and technology studies .
Arlyne Brickman ( born 1934 ) is a former mafia informant and prostitute .
Helge Kringstad ( born 10 July 1943 ) is a Norwegian banker , civil servant and politician for the Labour Party .
Sir John Thomas Gilbert ( b. in Dublin , 23 January 1829 ; d. there , 23 May 1898 ) was an Irish archivist , antiquarian and historian .
Jonny Owen ( born Jonathan Tudor Owen on 4 July 1971 ) is a Welsh producer , actor and writer who has appeared TV shows including Shameless , Murphys Law and My Family .
Yusuf Ali Chowdhury ( 1905 - -1971 ) , commonly referred to as Mohan Mia , was a prominent Bengali Muslim politician in South Asia .
Sergey Chuykov ( born on 4 September 1980 ) is an Azerbaijani futsal player who plays for MFK Progress as a forward .
Edmond Novicki ( born 20 September 1912 , date of death unknown ) was a Polish - born French football player who played with RC Lens , US Valenciennes , SC Fives and Olympique Lillois , as well as the French national team .
Brita Catharina Lidbeck , also Brita Catharina Munck af Rosenschöld ( 1788 -- 2 March 1864 ) was a Swedish Dilettante concert singer .
Alessandro Specchi ( 1668 -- November 16 , 1729 ) was an Italian architect and engraver .
Augustine Podmore Williams ( 22 May 1852 - 17 April 1916 ) was an English mariner who gained notoriety in the 1880s as the result of a scandal on the high seas .
Mahmoud Taha ( Arabic : محمود طه‎ ) ( born 1942 ) is a Jordanian artist , potter and ceramicist who is credited for improving the writing and calligraphy skills of many students in Jordanian schools .
Lijah Perkins ( born 22 January 1977 ) in Birmingham , United Kingdom is a professional basketball player , currently signed to Worthing Thunder , playing as a Power forward or Centre .
Joseph Park ( born c. 1969 ) is a Korean American investment banker that founded Kozmo.com in 1997 .
Heinz Lorenz ( 7 August 1913 -- 23 November 1985 ) was German dictator Adolf Hitler 's Deputy Chief Press Secretary during World War II .
Ernst Fasan ( born 1926 ) is an Austrian lawyer and a recognized authority in space law , including Metalaw .
Michael Januario ( born in 1984 ) better known by his stage name M - Dot is an Italian - American rapper .
Amy Mathews ( born 29 March 1979 ) is an Australian television , film and theatre actress .
Raja Dina Nath Madan ( Razdan ) ( 1795 - 1857 ) aka Diwan Dina Nath or Dina Nath , who was a Kashmiri , rose to the position of the Privy Seal and finance minister ( Diwan ) in the Punjab empire of Maharaja Ranjit Singh .
Nicholas Guy ( fl . 1612 -- 1631 ) was one of the first settlers at the London and Bristol Company 's Cuper 's Cove , colony in Newfoundland , and was the father of the first English child born in Newfoundland and subsequently all of the country of Canada .
Barbara Tate ( 2 June 1927 - -12 November 2009 ) was a British artist and writer , perhaps best known for her bestselling book West End Girls , which was published shortly after her death .
Suzy Spafford , also known as Suzy Spafford Lidstrom ( born 1945 ) , is an American cartoonist best known for drawing whimsical animal characters .
Rocco Palmo ( born 1983 ) is a Roman Catholic commentator and writer living in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Jackie Brookner ( 1945 -- May 15 , 2015 ) was an ecological artist , writer , and educator .
Luca Curatoli ( born 25 July 1994 ) is an Italian sabre fencer , team world champion in 2015 and team silver medallist at the 2015 European Championships .
Patrick Kariuki Muiruri ( born 5 December 1945 ) served in the Kenyan parliament for 10 years ( 1997 - -2007 ) representing Gatundu North Constituency .
The Russian cellist Leonid Gorokhov ( born 1967 in Saint Petersburg ) studied at the St. Petersburg Conservatoire with Anatoli Nikitin and took part in masterclasses with Daniil Shafran .
Guido Norman Lieber ( 21 May 1837 , Columbia , South Carolina -- April 25 , 1923 ) was a United States Army lawyer and jurist .
Valon Saracini ( born 24 July 1981 ) is the Minister of Economy of Macedonia .
Gottlieb Bodmer ( 1804 - -1837 ) was a German painter , designer , and lithographer .
Richard Prickett was born about 1777 in what is now Greene County , Pennsylvania .
Ajit Bhattacharjea ( 1924 -- 4 April 2011 ) was veteran Indian journalist , newspaper editor and campaigner for democratic rights , and the Right to Information Act .
Daniel Kleinman ( born 23 December 1955 ) is a British television commercial and music video director who has designed every title sequence for the James Bond series of films since 1995 's GoldenEye , with the exception of 2008 's Quantum of Solace ( which was designed by the filmmaking and design collective , MK12 ) .
Rosalind Halstead ( born 18 July 1984 in Islington , London ) is an English actress , model , and dancer .
Francis Clifford , 4th Earl of Cumberland ( 1559 -- 4 January 1641 ) was a member of the Clifford family which held the seat of Skipton from 1310 to 1676 .
Louis de Deyster ( 1656 -- 18 December 1711 ) , also known as Lodewyk Deyster , was a Flemish artist and maker of musical instruments .
Kanu Behl ( born 13 June 1980 ) is an Indian film writer and director .
Nguyễn Hữu Anh Tài ( born 28 February 1996 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Defender for V - League club Hoang Anh Gia Lai .
Mahmoud Abdel - Moneim , commonly known as Kahraba , ( born 13 April 1994 ) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Egyptian Premier League side Zamalek SC .
Tamás Hausel ( born 1972 ) is a Hungarian mathematician working in the areas of combinatorial , differential and algebraic geometry and topology .
Georges Léonnec ( 1881 -- 1940 ) , the brother of the novelist Félix Léonnec , began his career as a cartoonist selling drawings to newspapers in 1899 .
Mizanur Rahman ( Bengali : মিজানুর রহমান ; born 22 June 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Mizan the Poet , is an English spoken word poet , activist and community worker .
Mirko Selak ( born 30 January 1978 ) is a Croatian football forward , currently playing for Croatian team NK Zmaj Makarska .
Tzvi Gluckin ( born 1968 ) is a Jewish author , speaker , and musician .
Piet Botha ( born 18 July 1955 ) is a South African musician who is the frontman of the South African rock band Jack Hammer ( in which he is known as `` The Hammer '' ) , which has been an opening act for bands such as ZZ Top and he also performs solo .
Viktor Ryzhenkov ( born 25 August 1966 ) is an Uzbekistani former track and field athlete who competed for the Soviet Union in pole vault .
Edward King Fordham ( 1750 - -1847 ) was an English banker and political reformer .
James Charles Macnab of Macnab JP ( 14 April 1926 -- 11 January 2013 ) , otherwise known as The Macnab , was the 23rd Chief of Clan Macnab , and a member of the Royal Company of Archers , Queen Elizabeth II 's bodyguard in Scotland .
Kris Haddow ( born Kris Clark on 24 June 1981 ) is a Scottish playwright , poet and performer , originally from Kirkconnel in Dumfries and Galloway .
Michio Ihara ( born 1928 , Paris ) is a Japanese kinetic sculptor , educated in Japan who was influenced by the work of George Rickey .
Mahmoud Abou - Regaila ( Arabic : محمود أبو رجيلة‎ ; born 9 September 1941 ) , also known as Abo Regala , is a former Egyptian footballer and former head coach of Zamalek .
Gentjana Rochi ( also spelled Roki , born 17 September 1994 ) is a Macedonian football striker , currently playing for BV Cloppenburg in the German 2nd Bundesliga .
Xavier Waterkeyn ( born 29 July 1965 in Argentina ) is an Australian non - fiction and fiction writer and literary agent .
Hector Frederik Estrup Jungersen ( 13 January 1854 -- March 6 , 1917 ) was a Danish marine zoologist born in Dejbjerg ( today part of Ringkøbing - Skjern Municipality ) .
Darryl Dickson - Carr ( born 1968 ) is an American editor and critic .
Baron Koen Lenaerts ( Dutch : ( kuːn ˈleːnaːrts ) ; born 20 December 1954 in Mortsel ) is a Belgian Professor of European Law at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and the President of the European Court of Justice .
Seamus Haji ( born 30 December 1968 ) is a British record producer , who had a number one on the UK Dance Chart , with a cover of Indeep 's , `` Last Night a DJ Saved My Life '' .
Jane Mayes ( born 1989 ) is a Danish - British handball goalkeeper .
Stef Wils ( born 8 February 1982 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Hungarian Nemzeti Bajnokság I - club Szombathelyi Haladás .
Năm Cam ( Vietnamese : Trương Văn Cam ; April 22 , 1948 -- June 3 , 2004 ) was a notorious Vietnamese gangster .
Brady Kurtz ( born 27 September 1996 ) is an Australian speedway rider .
Francis Lai ( French : ( fʁɑ̃sis lɛ ) ; born 26 April 1932 ) is a French accordionist and composer , noted for his film scores .
Giorgos Gavriilidis ( Greek : Γιώργος Γαβριηλίδης ; 1906 -- July 23 , 1982 ) was a Greek actor .
Chewang Norphel ( born 1935 ) is an Indian civil engineer from Ladakh , who has built 12 artificial glaciers .
Henry Stöhr ( born 6 June 1960 ) is an East German judoka , who competed for the SC Dynamo Hoppegarten/ Sportvereinigung ( SV ) Dynamo .
Nayla Moawad ( Arabic : نائله معوض‎ ) ( born 3 July 1940 ) is a Lebanese politician .
Badri Kvaratskhelia ( born 15 February 1965 , in Nakipu , Georgian SSR ) is a Georgia born Azerbaijani footballer .
Edward Fellowes , 1st Baron de Ramsey DL ( 14 May 1809 -- 9 August 1887 ) was a British Conservative Member of Parliament .
Selwyn Baptiste ( 10 July 1936 -- 5 January 2012 ) was a pioneer of the introduction of the steel drum into Britain , forming the country 's second steel band in 1967 , and early organizer of London 's Notting Hill Carnival .
Luan Garcia Teixeira ( born 10 May 1993 ) , simply known as Luan , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a centre back for Vasco da Gama .
Jacques Talbot ( 12 November 1678 ( bap ) -- January 2 , 1756 ) minor cleric , schoolmaster ; b. at La Plaine ( dept . of Maine - et - Loire ) , France , and baptized 12 Nov. 1678 , son of Jacques Talbot and Mathurine Sylvain ; d. 2 Jan. 1756 in Montreal .
Hugues Randin ( 1628 -- c. 1680 ) was a French engineer in the employ of Governor Louis de Buade de Frontenac .
Lester Abrams ( born 1945 ) is a singer , songwriter , musician and producer who has played with such artists as B.B. King , Stevie Wonder , Peabo Bryson , Quincy Jones , Manfred Mann , Brian Auger , The Average White Band , The Doobie Brothers , Rufus and many others .
Clinton L. Bardo ( 1868 -- 1937 ) was an American industrialist whose career included stints as general manager of the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad and president of New York Shipbuilding .
Victor Erle Nash - Williams ( 1897 - -1955 ) was a noted Welsh archaeologist .
Miguel Ángel de la Campa y Caraveda ( 8 December 1882 -- 19 August 1965 ) was a Cuban diplomat , lawyer and author .
Gheorghe Duca ( born 29 February 1952 , Copăceni ) Moldovan academic and politician .
Enrique López - Pérez ( born 3 June 1991 ) is a Spanish professional tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour .
Allan Watson ( born 3 August 1948 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton .
Waldini was the stage name of Wallace ( Wally ) Bishop , a musician , band leader and impresario born in Cardiff , South Wales , in 1894 .
Hadaa Sendoo ( Mongolian:Сэндоогийн Хадаа ) ( born 24 October 1961 ) is an award - winning Mongolian poet and translator .
Sir Francis Wyatt ( 1588 - -1644 ) was the first English royal governor of Virginia .
Dato Mohamed Zaki ( born 20 February 1953 ) , also known as Nazaki Zaki or Sandhaanu Zaki , is a prominent businessman and politician in the Maldives .
Theodor Illek ( born in 1984 , Kranj , Slovenia ) , is a poet , prose writer , visual artist , and playwright with a focus on the themes of migration , religion , and the issue of connecting art with science .
Morten Morland ( born 1979 ) is a Norwegian political cartoonist working in the United Kingdom .
Lena Bergman ( born 21 December 1943 ) is a Swedish social services employee and actress .
Arthur William Dunn ( 1868- ? ) was an American educator , born at Galesburg , Ill. , and educated at Knox College and the University of Chicago .
Xie Fuzhan ( Chinese : 谢伏瞻 ; born 9 August 1954 ) is an economist and politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Julien Bègue ( 8 August 1993 ) is a French footballer who plays as a winger for Bourg - en - Bresse on loan from Guingamp in Ligue 2 .
Natasha Wimmer ( born 1973 ) is an American translator best known for her translations of Chilean novelist Roberto Bolaño 's 2666 and The Savage Detectives from Spanish into English .
Davide Boifava ( born 14 November 1946 ) is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer and cycling team manager .
Leonard Tim Hector ( 24 November 1942 , Antigua -- 12 November 2002 , Antigua ) was a leftist Antiguan political leader and cricket administrator known for his opposition to the rule of the Bird family .
Jennings Ligon Duncan III ( born 1960 ) is an American Presbyterian scholar and pastor .
Charles R. Pellegrino ( born May 5 , 1953 ) is an American writer and the author of several books related to science and archaeology , including Return to Sodom and Gomorrah , Ghosts of the Titanic , Unearthing Atlantis and Ghosts of Vesuvius .
William Ellawala ( 1834 - ) was a Ceylonese legislator .
Bryn Atkinson ( born 9 December 1982 , Canberra , Australian Capital Territory ) is an Australian professional mountain bike racing cyclist from Townsville , QLD .
Damiano Michieletto ( born 1975 ) is an Italian opera director known for his innovative productions at several leading opera houses and festivals in Europe including the Vienna State Opera and the Salzburg Festival .
Karen Tweed ( born 1963 , Willesden ) is a piano accordionist from London , England .
Maalavika Manoj , ( b. 16 September 1993 ) also known as Mali , is an Indian independent musician and songwriter based in Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Henrieta Delavrancea was born on 19 October 1897 in Bucharest , Romania to Maria Lupaşcu and Barbu Ștefănescu Delavrancea Because her family was from the upper levels of society and her father was both a politician and a literary figure , Delavrancea grew up surrounded by noted members of Romanian society .
Nasir - ud - Din Mahmud Shah Tughluq ( reign : 1394−Feb . 1413 CE ) was the last sultan of the Tughlaq dynasty to rule the Islamic Delhi Sultanate .
Mikita Bukatkin ( Belarusian : Мікіта Букаткін ; Russian : Никита Букаткин ; born 7 March 1988 ) is a Belarusian footballer who is currently playing for Mashʼal Mubarek .
Christian Geistdörfer ( born 1 February 1953 in Munich ) is a German former rally co - driver .
Irfan Mensur ( born Irfan Kurić ; 19 January 1952 ) is a Bosnian and Serbian theatre , television and film actor .
Christoforos Liontakis ( Greek : Χριστόφορος Λιοντάκης ; born 1945 ) is an award - winning Greek poet and translator .
Dr . Panabaka Lakshmi ( born 6 October 1958 ) is a former Member of Parliament and Union Minister(2004 - 2014 ) .
Ingebjørg Støfring ( born 16 March 1945 ) is a Norwegian diplomat who served as Norwegian Ambassador to Bangladesh and Zimbabwe .
Peter Heaton - Jones ( born 2 August 1963 ) , is a British journalist and Conservative Party politician who has held senior positions in the media and politics in both the UK and Australia .
Didier Njewel ( born 7 September 1983 ) is a Cameroonian football midfielder currently playing club football for Shanghai East Asia .
Oliver Ortmann ( born 11 June 1967 ) is a German top professional pool player whose nickname is `` The Machine '' .
Hans - Jürgen Bombach ( born 11 August 1945 in Wehrsdorf ) is a former sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres .
Pablo Maroni ( Paul ) ( b. 1 November 1695 ) was a Jesuit missionary to Ecuador .
Ferdy Doernberg ( born 10 June 1967 ) is an English - German heavy metal musician .
Olga Novo ( 1975 in Vilarmao , A Pobra do Brollón ) is a Galician poet and essayist .
Mohammad Natsir ( 17 July 1908 -- 14 March 1993 ) was an Islamic scholar and politician .
Susan Devlin Peard ( born 1931 ) is a former badminton player who represented both the USA and Ireland in international competition .
Eddie Arnold ( 20 November 1949 -- 2000 ) was a gymnast from Moston , Manchester , England who participated at the Munich Olympics .
Brian Kilcommons ( born 1953 ) is an American author and dog trainer .
Sa'ad al - Dawla ibn Hibbat Allah ibn Muhasib Ebheri ( Arabic : سعد الدولة بن هبة الله بن محاسب ابهري‎ ) ( c. 1240 -- March 5 , 1291 ) was a Jewish physician and statesman in thirteenth - century Persia .
Jacques Ogg ( born 28 August 1948 in Maastricht ) is an international Dutch keyboardist on the harpsichord and fortepiano , and a conductor .
Bette Bourne ( born Peter Bourne , 22 September 1939 ) is a British actor , drag queen and activist .
Reed Krakoff ( born 1964 ) is an American fashion designer and former executive creative director of Coach , Inc.
Robert Dickie ( 23 June 1964 -- 28 October 2010 ) was a Welsh professional boxer , fighting at both featherweight and super - featherweight .
Nia Jones ( born 6 April 1992 ) is an athlete who represents Wales internationally at both netball and football .
Brian Campeau ( born 1980 ) is a musician currently based in Sydney .
Lu Jiuyuan ( Chinese : 陸九淵 ; pinyin : Lù Jiǔyuān ; 1139 - -1192 ) , or Lu Xiangshan ( 陸象山 ; Lù Xiàngshān ) , was a Chinese scholar and philosopher who founded the school of the universal mind , the second most influential Neo - Confucian school .
Geoffrey Heyworth , 1st Baron Heyworth ( 18 October 1894 -- 15 June 1974 ) , was a British businessman and public servant .
David P. Madson ( born 1976 ) , better known by his stage name Odd Nosdam , is an American underground hip hop producer , DJ and visual artist .
Idelisa Bonnelly ( also known as Idelisa Bonnelly de Calventi ; born 10 September 1931 ) is a Dominican marine biologist who is considered the `` mother of marine conservation in the Caribbean '' .
Neville G. Pemchekov Warwick ( 1932 - -1993 ) was a modern interpreter of Buddhism and a central figure of the spiritual movement of California during the late 1960s and the 1970s .
Loïc Pietri ( born 27 August 1990 ) is a French judoka , who won the gold medal in 2013 at the World Championships held in Rio de Janeiro , defeating Avtandil Tchrikishvili , from Georgia , during the −81 kg final category .
Gerd Rasp ( * born 10 May 1960 , Bad Reichenhall ) is a German physician of otorhinolaryngology with the additional notions of plastic surgery and allergology .
Jon Scales ( born 28 July 1974 ) is an English former rugby league and rugby union player who played as a winger .
Big Bear(Mistahi - maskwa ) was born in 1825 in Jackfish Lake , near North Battleford , Saskatchewan .
Hans Hägele ( 13 July 1940 -- 18 October 2010 ) was a German professional footballer who played as a striker .
Rictrude ( Rictrudis , Richtrudis , Richrudis ) ( c. 614 - -688 ) was abbess of Marchiennes Abbey , in Flanders .
Vlado Kotur ( born 28 November 1958 ) is a former Bosnian footballer and current coach .
Goma Lambu ( born 10 November 1984 ) is a Congolese footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or right winger for Kingstonian .
Kostis Papagiorgis ( Greek : Κωστής Παπαγιώργης ; real name : Κωνσταντίνος Παπαγεωργίου Konstantinos Papageorgiou ; 7 November 1947 -- 21 March 2014 ) was a Greek essayist , columnist and translator of philosophical studies .
Federica Guidi ( born 19 May 1969 ) is an Italian businesswoman and the current Minister of Economic Development .
Jonathan Cheung Wing Hong ( Chinese : 張頴康 , born 26 December 1981 ) , native of Guang dong Zhong shan is a Hong Kong actor since 2001 .
Ken Appledorn ( born 1980 in Troy , Michigan ) is an American actor known for his work in the series The Refugees , a joint production of BBC Worldwide and Atresmedia .
Kateřina Dudková ( born 1988 ) is a professional Czech triathlete , Czech U23 vice champion of the year 2009 and member of the young Czech elite team .
Dr Rupert Whitaker ( born 1963 ) is a psychiatrist , immunologist , and advocate for patients .
Wilhelm Filderman ( last name also spelled Fieldermann ; 14 November 1882 - -1963 ) was a lawyer , communal leader , and the leader of the Romanian - Jewish community between 1919 and 1947 ; in addition , he was a representative of the Jews in the Romanian parliament .
Valentyna Zhudina ( Ukrainian : Валентина Жудіна , née Horpynych - Горпинич ; born 12 March 1983 in Zhytomyr ) is a Ukrainian athlete .
Mehmet Gümüşburun ( born 1942 ) is a Turkish chemical engineer and bureaucrat .
Enrico Nicolini ( born 16 January 1955 ) is an Italian professional former footballer and manager .
Luboš Dobrovský ( born Luboš Hamerschlag , 3 February 1932 ) is a Czech journalist and politician of Jewish origin , former Czechoslovak Minister of Defence .
Theodore Metochites ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Μετοχίτης , 1270 - -1332 ) was a Byzantine statesman , author , gentleman philosopher , and patron of the arts .
Nóra Varsányi ( born 3 October 1991 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Debreceni VSC in right wing position .
Barbara Moraff ( born 1939 Paterson , New Jersey ) is an American poet of the Beat generation living in Vermont .
Menelaos Lountemis ( Greek : Μενέλαος Λουντέμης , 1912 -- 22 January 1977 ) , was a Greek writer born in Constantinople .
Sir George Buck ( or Buc ) ( c. 1560 -- October 1622 ) was an English antiquarian , historian , scholar and author , who served as a Member of Parliament , government envoy to Queen Elizabeth I and Master of the Revels to King James I of England .
Sebastian Krelj , also known as Sebastjan Krelj , Sebastijan Krelj or Boštjan Krelj ( 1538 -- 25 December 1567 ) was a Slovene Protestant reformer , writer , pastor , linguist and preacher and regarded as one of the most educated Slovene Protestants of the 16th century .
Vadim Martinchik ( Russian : Вадим Мартынчик ; born 1934 ) is a retired Soviet swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1954 European Aquatics Championships .
Alfonso Márquez de la Plata Yrarrázaval ( 19 July 1933 -- 22 April 2014 ) was a Chilean politician , businessman and writer .
Ernst Simon Glaser ( born 1975 in Ålesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician ( cello ) and music teacher , the son of violinist Ernst Glaser ( 1904 - -79 ) , and brother of the pianist Liv Glaser ( 1935 - - ) .
Lori Moore ( born Marie Lorena Moore in 1957 in Glen Falls , New York ) is an American journalist who works for The New York Times .
Keith Rayner AO ( born 22 November 1929 ) is a retired Australian Anglican bishop and a former Anglican Primate of Australia .
Khurram Khan ( Urdu : خرم خان‎ ; born 21 June 1971 ) is a United Arab Emirates cricketer who has played two One Day Internationals for the United Arab Emirates .
Fernando Otero ( born 1 May 1972 ) is a Grammy - Award Winning Argentine composer , pianist and vocalist currently residing in New York City .
Sayed Ihsanuddin Taheri , or Sayed Ihsan Taheri ( in Persian and Pashto : سید احسان الدین طاهری / سید احسان طاهری ) ( born in December 1984 ) , is a young Afghan independent author , writer and blogger who was a 2012 World Vision International PeaceMaker Prize nominee .
Maurice Procter ( born 4 February 1906 -- 1973 ) was an English novelist .
Lionel Fogarty ( born 1958 ) is an Indigenous Australian poet and political activist .
Ganga Nayar ( born 1924 ) is a Malaysian politician of Indian Origin who founded the Malaysian Workers ' Party .
Klaus Kilimann ( born Ortelsburg 11 October 1938 ) is a physicist who became an SPD politician after 1989 .
Patrick Amory ( born 1965 ) is a historian and an executive in the recorded music industry .
Aida Karina Estrada Abril de Toledo ( born 1987 ) is a Guatemalan beauty pageant winner .
Fan Kexin ( Chinese : 范可新 , born on 19 September 1993 ) is a Chinese short track speed skater .
Ron Kimmel ( Hebrew : רון קימל‎ , b. 1963 ) is a professor of Computer Science at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology .
John Montgomery Smith ( February 26 , 1834 - May 14 , 1903 ) was a lawyer and politician .
Jesse Evans ( 1853 -- ? ? ? ? ) was an outlaw and gunman of the Old West , and leader of the Jesse Evans Gang .
Kai Owen ( born 4 September 1975 ) is a Welsh actor of stage and screen , known to Welsh audiences for his numerous roles on Welsh language television and to worldwide audiences for his portrayal of Rhys Williams in Torchwood .
Mate Granić ( born 19 September 1947 ) is a Croatian diplomat and politician who was part of the Croatian Government in much of the 1990s .
Nrisingha Prasad Bhaduri ( Bengali : নৃসিংহপ্রসাদ ভাদুড়ী Nr̥sinha Prasād Bhāduṛi ; born 23 November 1950 ) is an Indologist and a specialist of Indian epics and Puranas .
Valery Kaplan ( Russian : Валерий Каплан ; born 26 February 1943 ) is a retired Russian speed skater who won a bronze and a silver medal at the European championships in 1966 and 1967 , respectively .
Jeffrey A. Bader ( born 1945 ) was the senior director for Asian affairs on the National Security Council in the Obama Administration and a former United States Ambassador to Namibia .
Patricia Lewsley - Mooney CBE ( born 3 March 1957 ) is the former Commissioner for Children and Young People , Northern Ireland .
Patrick Maisonneuve ( born 1 March 1955 ) is a French lawyer of criminal law .
Mouhssin Chehibi ( Arabic : محسن الشهيبي‎ ; born 28 January 1978 in Tetuan ) is a former Moroccan middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Jonas Hellborg ( born 7 June 1958 ) is a Swedish bass guitarist .
Marian Weygers ( 1909 - -2008 ) was an American artist who specialized in printmaking .
Ladislav Stroupežnický ( 6 January 1850 -- 11 August 1892 ) was a renowned Czech author , playwright , and dramatist , best known for the frequently staged play Naši furianti .
Dušica Žegarac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душица Жегарац ; born 15 April 1944 ) is a Serbian film and television actress .
Reinaldo Povod ( 1960 - July 30 , 1994 Brooklyn ) was an American playwright .
Shri Gopinathji Maharaj ( ~1212 -- Death unknown ) is the founder of the Maharaja Family of Gujarati Nagar Brahmin Family .
Claude Bédard ( born 1952 ) is a translator and author of several works , including a teaching manual on English - French technical translation , La traduction technique :
Luigi Albertelli ( born 21 June 1934 ) is an Italian lyricist .
Patricia Driscoll ( born 17 December 1927 ) is an Irish actress , who has appeared both on television and in films .
James Childs ( born 12 June 1972 in Bristol , UK ) is a British musician and composer - producer .
Maud Franklin ( 9 January 1857 -- ca . 1941 ) was an English artist and the mistress of and model for artist James McNeill Whistler .
Richard Starkings ( born 27 January 1962 ) is a British font designer and comic book letterer , editor and writer .
Arlene Holt Baker ( born 1951 ) is an African American trade union activist and labor leader .
Bebe Bryans ( born 1957 ) is a United States national champion in rowing and former coach of the United States Women 's National Rowing crew .
Franci Demšar ( born 4 February 1960 ) is a Slovenian physicist and politician .
Salvatore Mormile ( Naples , November , 1839- ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre figures and portraits .
Benjamin Franklin Reinhart ( 1829 -- May 3 , 1885 ) was an American painter born near Waynesburg , Pennsylvania , known for his genre , historical , and portrait paintings .
William Harding of Baraset ( 1759 - -1822 ) was Gentleman of the Privy Chamber to George III , magistrate and deputy lieutenant of Warwickshire .
Rudolph de Cordova ( 1860 - -1941 ) was a Jamaican - born British writer , screenwriter and actor .
Darren Williams ( born 28 April 1977 ) is a retired professional footballer that notably played over 200 games in the English premier league with club Sunderland AFC .
Marcus Lambkin ( born 1971 ) better known by the pseudonym Shit Robot is an Irish electronic musician and DJ .
James W. Nuttall ( born 1953 ) is a retired United States Army Major General who served as Deputy Director of the Army National Guard and Deputy Commander of the United States First Army .
Henry Clarke Warren ( 1854 - -1899 ) was an American scholar of Sanskrit and Pali .
Diya Kumari ( Hindi : दिया कुमारी ; born 30 January 1971 ) , is an Indian politician .
Nalaya Brown ( Tenerife , 19 November 1983 ) is a Spanish singer who works on the European dance circuit .
Damien Murray ( born 1981 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a left corner - forward for the Offaly senior team .
Barry Seton ( known as ' Bo ' ) , ( born 5 October 1936 ) , is an Australian racing driver .
Anthony Nugent , 4th Baron Nugent of Riverston , 28 August 1730- September 1814 .
Eliezer Cohen ( Hebrew : אליעזר כהן‎ , born 18 June 1934 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu and the National Union between 1999 and 2006 .
Erik Vea ( born 11 June 1951 ) is a Norwegian speedskater .
Furtuna Velaj ( born 8 March 1990 ) , is an Albanian American footballer currently playing for Kolbotn IL in the Norwegian women 's league Toppserien .
Aubrey Meyer ( born 1947 ) is an author , violinist , composer and climate campaigner .
Albert Brülls ( 26 March 1937 , Anrath -- 28 March 2004 , Neuss ) was a German footballer who played 25 times for his national side , including matches in both the 1962 and 1966 FIFA World Cups .
Lise - Marie Morerod ( born 16 April 1956 ) is a Swiss former slalom skier .
Lian Yu ( Hanzi : 廉隅 ; Pinyin : Lián Yú ; Wade - Giles : Lien Yü ; born 1886 ) was a diplomat , politician , judicial officer and lawyer in the Republic of China .
Sol Stern ( born 1935 ) is a senior fellow with the Manhattan Institute and a contributing editor to its quarterly magazine City Journal .
Mikhail Mikhailovich Zadornov ( born 4 May 1963 ) is a Russian economist , banker and politician .
Daniel Deng Bul Yak ( born Tuic - Gebiet , in Bor , 2 January 1950 ) is a South Sudanese Episcopalian archbishop .
Fatima Tlisova ( Adyghe : Фатима Тлисова ) ( born 1966 ) is a Russian ( Circassian ) journalist currently living in the United States .
Evripides Demosthenous ( Greek : Ευριπίδης Δημοσθένους ; born 14 October 1972 ) is a retired Cypriot sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres .
Kelvin Kerkow ( born 22 April 1969 ) is an Australian lawn bowls and indoor bowls player and author .
Petar Malinov ( Bulgarian : Петър Малинов ; born 29 January 1970 ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer and current assistant manager of Slivnishki geroi , having started the role in May 2010 .
Jon Fugler ( born 13 October 1962 , St Austell , Cornwall , England ) is an English electronic musician and one of the co - founders of the electronic music group Fluke along with Mike Bryant and Mike Tournier .
Lee Seung - hoon ( Hangul : 이승훈 , Hanja : 李承勳 ) ( born 6 March 1988 ) is a South Korean speed skater .
Alison Snowden ( born in Arnold , Nottinghamshire on 4 April 1958 ) is an English animator , voice actress , producer , and screenwriter best known for Bob and Margaret .
Gong Zheng ( Chinese : 龚正 ; pinyin : Gōng Zhèng ; born March 1960 ) is a Chinese politician .
Omkar Singh ( Hindi : ओमकार सिंह , born 8 August 1984 ) is an Indian sports shooter .
Jacob Clement Utzon - Krefeld ( born 1990 , Denmark ) is a Danish actor best known for the hit short film `` In Absenthia '' .
Steve Duke ( born 1954 ) is an American classical and jazz saxophonist noted for his performance of contemporary classical music , particularly computer music .
Obidkhon Sobitkhony ( born Obid Nazarov ( ru:Обид Назаров ) , 15 January 1958 , Namangan ) , is an Uzbek imam regime critic previously wanted for arrest by Uzbekistan and Interpol .
Kara Farnandez Stoll ( born 1968 ) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit .
Etienne van Heerden , born 3 December 1954 , is a South African author .
Archie Alemania ( born 1978 ) is a Filipino actor , host , comedian and dancer .
Ismat Jahan ( born 1960 ) is the Ambassador of Bangladesh to Belgium , Luxembourg and the European Communities .
Martine Nida - Rümelin ( born 1957 in Munich ) is a philosopher .
Michel Bock ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian historian , who specializes in the history of Franco - Ontarian communities and cultures .
Vytautas Švedas ( born 7 January 1983 ) is a Lithuanian rally driver , currently driving for Juta Racing in Lithuanian Rally Championship .
Sonita Sutherland ( born 9 July 1987 in Manchester ) is a Jamaican 400 metres runner .
Karim Bridji ( born 16 August 1981 ) is a Dutch - born Algerian footballer who currently plays for . AFC Ajax Amateurs in the Dutch Topklasse .
Radosław Słodkiewicz ( born 1976 ) is a Polish body builder .
John Studley ( 1545?-1590 ? ) was an English academic , known as a translator of Seneca .
Firas Mugrabi ( Hebrew : פיראס מוגרבי‎ ; born 24 July 1991 ) is an Arab - Israeli footballer currently a Bnei Sakhnin .
Muni Pramansagar was born on 27 June 1967 in Hazaribagh , Jharkhand and his birthname was Naveen Kumar Jain .
Leonidas Kokas ( birth name : Lorenc Goga ; Greek : Λεωνίδας Κόκ(κ)ας ; born 3 June 1973 ) is a former Albanian weightlifter of Greek citizenship .
Sir Max Muspratt , 1st Baronet ( 3 February 1872 -- 20 April 1934 ) was a British chemist and a politician in the city of Liverpool , England .
José Elías Moreno ( 12 November 1910 -- 15 July 1969 ) was a Mexican character actor of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema , best - remembered for his versatility in playing different characters .
Revel Guest ( born 14 September 1931 in London ) is a filmmaker , journalist , author and farmer and is chair of the Hay Festival .
Laura Boddington ( born 1980 ) is an English film and television actress , who has been working in Canada for the last 10 years .
David B. McNeil ( 1818 Essex County , New York - April 15 , 1897 Auburn , Cayuga County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Xu Wu ( Chinese : 徐武 ; Pinyin : Xú Wǔ ) ( born 14 February 1991 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Beijing BIT in the China League One .
Dame Cleo Laine , Lady Dankworth , DBE ( born 28 October 1927 ) is an English jazz and pop singer and an actress , noted for her scat singing and for her vocal range .
Yann Tainguy ( born on 24 August 1955 ) is a French admiral , as of 2015 commanding officer for the Mediterranean maritime defence zone and Maritime Prefect for the Mediterranean .
Álvaro Monjardino ( born 6 October 1930 , in Angra do Heroísmo ) is a lawyer and Portuguese politician .
Jacek Krzynówek ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjat͡sɛk kʂɨˈnuvɛk ) ) , born 15 May 1976 , is a former Polish footballer .
Cheng Shewo ( Chinese : 成舍我 ; pinyin : Chéng Shěwǒ ; 28 August 1898 - 1 January 1991 ) was a journalist , publisher , and educator of the Republic of China .
Rémi Babinet ( born 1957 , Suresnes , Paris , France ) is a French creative director , best known for his work on Evian 's `` Live Young '' campaign .
Gary Connery ( born 1970 ) is a British skydiver , BASE jumper and professional stuntman .
Joan Mahoney ( born 1943 ) is a legal scholar and former dean of two law schools .
Fahad Thani ( born 1 December 1973 ) is a Qatari former football player and current manager of the Qatar olympic football team .
Giacomo Bosio ( 1544 - 1627 ) was a brother of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem and the historian of this order .
Forrest Fang ( born 1959 ) is a Chinese American composer and violinist .
Philippe Buc ( born 1961 in Paris ) is a historian concentrating religion and politics , mainly in the European Middle Ages .
Athanasios Orphanides ( born 22 March 1962 ) is a Cypriot economist who served as Governor of the Central Bank of Cyprus between 3 May 2007 to 2 May 2012 and a member of the Governing Council of the European Central Bank between 1 January 2008 and 2 May 2012 .
Julius Mutekanga ( born 1 December 1987 ) is a Ugandan middle - distance running athlete specializing in the 800 metres event .
John Towner ( born 19 November 1933 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 87 senior games for the Essendon Football Club from 1953 to 1959 .
Lorraine Baker - Strain ( born 9 April 1964 ) is an English former middle - distance runner who competed in the 800 metres .
Rahul Vishwakarma ( Nepali : राहुल विश्वकर्मा ) ( born 19 October 1992 ) is a Nepalese cricketer .
Mark Florman ( born 2 November 1958 ) is a British businessman , entrepreneur and a pioneer in impact philanthropy and social justice .
Deborah Watling ( born 2 January 1948 ) is an English actress best known for her role as Victoria Waterfield , a companion of the Second Doctor in the BBC television series Doctor Who .
Hubertus Primus ( born 1 September 1955 ) is a lawyer , journalist and manager .
Michael Boadi ( born 15 November 1969 ) is a session hairstylist and perfumer .
Lasse Lindbjerg ( born 15 April 1992 ) is a Danish footballer , who plays as a center back for Danish 2nd Division club AB Tårnby .
Umar Bin Hassan ( born in 1948 ) is an African - American poet associated with The Last Poets .
Samuel Hübinette , aka The Crazy Swede ( born 15 September 1971 , in Jokkmokk , Norrbotten County ) , is a Swedish professional race car driver and Hollywood stunt driver .
William Townsend Onus Jr ( 15 November 1906 -- 10 January 1968 ) , known as Bill Onus , was an Aboriginal Australian political activist .
Giorgos Koltzos ( Greek : Γιώργος Κόλτζος ; born 13 September 1976 ) is a footballer .
Calvin Watson ( born 6 January 1993 ) is an Australian cyclist riding for An Post--
Ivett Szepesi ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈivɛtː sɛpɛʃi ) ; born 4 February 1986 in Pincehely ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Győri ETO KC in left wing position .
Tanya Kalyvas ( Greek : Τάνια Καλύβας ; born 26 August 1979 ) is a former Greek - American soccer player .
Bartolomeo Letterini ( or Litterini ) ( 1669-after 1731 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Rositsa Pekhlivanova ( Bulgarian : Росица Пехливанова , born 31 January 1955 ) is a retired Bulgarian middle - distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres .
Katja Rahlwes ( born 1967 , Frankfurt , Germany ) is a German fashion photographer , based in Paris .
Wojciech Orliński ( born 24 January 1969 in Warsaw ) is a Polish journalist , writer , and blogger .
Kent Härstedt ( born 29 January 1965 in Helsingborg ) is a Swedish social democratic politician , member of the Riksdag since the Swedish general election , 1998 .
Ai Xia ( Chinese : 艾霞 ; 29 November 1912 -- 15 February 1934 ) was a Chinese left - wing silent film actress and screenwriter .
Dr. Panchakshari Hiremath ( Kannada : ಪಂಚಾಕ್ಷರಿ ಹಿರೇಮಠ ; born 1933 ) is a writer and noted poet , short story writer , essayist , critic , translator , orator , editor and freedom fighter who writes in Kannada , Urdu and Hindi .
Marvin Goldhar ( September 5 , 1934 - March 31 , 2002 ) was a Canadian actor , best known for his voice work in animated programs and in made - for - TV movies .
René Closter ( born 15 December 1952 in Luxembourg ) is president and founder of Luxembourg Air Rescue .
Bobby Arthur ( born 27 July 1945 ) is a British former boxer who was British welterweight champion between 1972 and 1973 .
Robert Detweiler ( 20 July 1930 -- 8 December 2003 ) was an American competition rower and Olympic champion , naval officer , and scientist of solid state physics .
Fanny Cornforth ( 3 January 1835 -- 24 February 1909 ) was an Englishwoman who became the artist 's model and mistress of the Pre - Raphaelite painter Dante Gabriel Rossetti .
Mike Flicker ( born 1950 ) is an American producer in Los Angeles who has numerous credits on music and film projects .
Anna Jurkiewicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈanna jurˈkjɛvit͡ʂ ) ; born 9 February 1984 ) is a Polish figure skater .
Clive Culbertson ( born 28 August 1954 , Ballymoney , County Antrim , Northern Ireland ) is the founder of The Order Of Druids In Ulster .
Emmanuel Thibault ( born in 1974 ) is a French dancer .
Chùn - lîm ; born 14 January 1968 ) , better known by his stage name Wu Bai ( Chinese : 伍佰 ; pinyin : Wǔ Bǎi ; Taiwanese : Gō
Dame Henriette , Lady Abel Smith GCVO JP ( 6 June 1914 -- 3 May 2005 ) , was Lady - in - Waiting to Queen Elizabeth II from 1949 to 1987 .
Oraz Nazarov ( Tajik : Ораз Назаров , Persian : آرز نظراف‎‎ ; born on 3 February 1970 ) is a retired Tajikistani footballer who played as a Midfielder for the Tajikistan national football team .
Pyarelal Nayyar ( 1899 - -1982 ) was the personal secretary of Mahatma Gandhi in his later years .
Warren Dunford ( born 1963 ) is a Canadian writer , who published three comedic mystery novels in the 1990s and 2000s .
Graham Hocking ( born 8 January 1952 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player at the South Melbourne .
Thanh Thanh Hiền ( born in 1969 ) is Vietnamese vocalist of cải lương .
John Palfrey ( born 1972 ) is a leading American educator , scholar , and law professor .
Happy Salma or Jero Happy Salma Wanasari ( born Happy Salma ; 4 January 1980 ) is an Indonesian actress , model , and writer .
Gordon Froud ( born 1963 in Johannesburg ) is a South African artist and curator .
Mark Rawlinson ( born 9 June 1975 ) is a Police Officer and former English footballer who played in The Football League for Bournemouth and Exeter City .
Allen Bowie Duckett ( 1775 -- July 19 , 1809 ) was a Maryland and a United States federal judge .
L. G. Havanur ( March , 1927 - -September 15 , 2006 ) was the former Law Minister in the Sri Devaraj Urs government of Karnataka during 1972 - 73 .
Daniel Fernando ( born Cesar Fernando Ramirez on 12 May 1962 ) is the Vice Governor of Province of Bulacan .
Corey Ellis ( born 9 October 1996 ) is a professional Australian rules football player for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Erik Jiménez ( or Erick Jiménez , born 17 September 1981 ) is a Cuban hammer thrower .
Elvira Barbey ( 7 August 1892 -- ? ) was a Swiss figure skater .
Greg Hatza is an American jazz organist born in 1948 in Reading , Pennsylvania .
Elijah Moshinsky ( born 8 January 1946 ) is an Australian opera director , theatre director and television director who has worked at the Royal Opera House , the Metropolitan Opera , the Royal National Theatre , BBC Television and numerous other venues .
Jente Bouckaert ( born 15 January 1990 ) is a Belgian athlete who competes in the sprint .
Kaliopate Tavola ( born 1946 ) is a Fijian Agricultural economist , diplomat , and politician , who was his country 's Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2000 to 2006 .
Đorđe Marković Koder ( Cyrillic : Ђорђе Марковић Кодер ) ( 1806 -- April 30 , 1891 ) was a Serbian poet born in Austrian Empire .
Nikolász Iliász ( born 3 November 1991 ) is a Hungarian sabre fencer , team bronze medallist at the 2009 World Championships and silver team medallist at the 2013 European Championships .
Thomas Douglas , 5th Earl of Selkirk ( 20 June 1771 -- 8 April 1820 ) was a Scottish peer .
John Skandalis ( born 16 June 1976 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s for the Wests Tigers of the NRL .
Laetitia du Couëdic de Kerérant ( born 6 June 1996 ) is a Franco - Swiss equestrian rider .
Gus McGinnis ( August , 1870 -- April 20 , 1904 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball .
Liu Zhijun ( simplified Chinese : 刘志军 ; traditional Chinese : 劉志軍 ; pinyin : Liú Zhìjūn ; born 29 January 1953 ) is a former Chinese politician and senior bureaucrat within the Ministry of Railways of the People 's Republic of China .
Anton Sveinn McKee ( born 18 December 1993 in Reykjavik ) is an Icelandic swimmer who competes in the Men 's 400 m individual medley .
Emin Boztepe ( born 17 July 1962 ) is an American martial artist of Turkish origin who held German nationality prior to naturalization .
Nils Lahr ( born August 1973 ) is an American entrepreneur , inventor and computer scientist known for his work in the streaming media industry .
Monroe Henderson ( 1818 in Watertown , Jefferson County , New York -- December 5 , 1899 in Jamaica , Queens , New York City ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Soumitra Chatterjee or Soumitra Chattopadhyay ( Shoumitro Chôṭṭopaddhae ; born 19 January 1935 ) is an Indian film and stage actor and poet .
Štefan Zaťko ( born 21 May 1962 ) is a Slovak football manager and currently is a head coach of team FK Pohronie .
Sabri Hamadeh ( 1902 - 1976 ) ( Arabic : صبري حماده‎ ) was a Lebanese politician and long - time Speaker of the Lebanese Parliament .
Gabriele Giordano Caccia S.T.D. , J.C.L. ( 24 February 1958 ) is an Italian Catholic prelate , who since 2009 has served as Apostolic Nuncio to Lebanon .
Ben Doller ( previously Doyle ) ( born 1973 Warsaw , New York ) is an American poet and writer .
John Nicholas Rede Elliott , known as Nicholas Elliott , ( 15 November 1916 -- 13 April 1994 ) was an MI6 Intelligence Officer ;
Carel de Vogelaer ( 1653 - 8 August 1695 ) was a Dutch still life painter of the Baroque period primarily active in Italy .
Sepp Piontek , fullname Josef Emanuel Hubertus Piontek ( born 5 March 1940 in Breslau ) is a former German footballer and manager .
Benjamin Stefanski ( born 17 April 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Raffertie , is a British composer and producer , based in London , England .
Amandine Leynaud ( born 2 May 1986 ) is a French handballer who plays for the Macedonian club ŽRK Vardar and the French national team .
Myrna Anselma ( 14 September 1936 -- October 2008 ) was a Dutch Antillean fencer .
Russell Spence ( born 3 January 1960 in Bradford , Yorkshire ) was an English racing driver .
Linda Colley , CBE , FBA , FRSL , FRHistS ( born 13 September 1949 ) is a historian of Britain , empire and nationalism .
Blair Millar ( born 16 October 1956 ) , is a Scottish former footballer , who played for Clydebank , Airdrieonians and Kilmarnock .
Pouya Norouzinejad ( Persian : پویا نوروزی‌نژاد‎ , born 23 June 1994 ) is an Iranian handball player for Magnesium Ferdows and the Iranian national team .
Ben Baldwin ( born 1979 ) is a British television presenter , he was one of the main hosts of ITV 's Make Your Play .
Pietro Anastasi ( born 7 April 1948 ) , nicknamed Petruzzu ' u turcu by fans , was an Italian footballer who played mainly in the role of a striker .
Lasse Hessel ( b. 1940 in Denmark ) also known as `` the family doctor '' , is a Danish inventor , author and MD noted for such inventions as the Femidom and the Femi - X pill , and an internationally acknowledged expert on nutrition and dietary fibre .
Charlotte Thitz ( 1799 - 1889 ) , was a Finnish pedagogue .
Ewa Synowska ( born 19 August 1974 ) is a retired Polish swimmer who won a bronze medals at the 1991 European Aquatics Championships .
Álvaro Luiz Maior de Aquino ( born 1 November 1977 ) , known simply as Álvaro , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Clube Atlético Linense .
Lydie Schmit ( 31 January 1939 -- 7 April 1988 ) was a Luxembourgish politician and teacher .
Alma Johansson ( 1880 - 1974 ) was a Swedish missionary who worked in the city of Mush in the Ottoman Empire at the beginning of the 20th century .
Eimear McBride ( b. 1976 ) is a novelist whose debut novel , A Girl Is a Half - formed Thing , won the inaugural Goldsmiths Prize in 2013 and the 2014 Baileys Women 's Prize for Fiction .
Peter Speliopoulos , born in 1961 in Springfield , Massachusetts , is an American fashion designer .
Iziaslav IV Vladimirovich ( Russian : Изяслав Владимирович ) ( 1186 - -12 ? ? ) , was the Prince of Terebovlya ( 1210 ) and Novgorod - Seversky ( 12??--1235 ) and Grand Prince of Kiev ( 1235 - -1236 ) .
Els De Temmerman ( born 1962 ) is a former Belgian journalist who established Childsoldiers , an organization that works for the rehabilitation of child soldiers in Africa .
Isaac Ware ( 1704 -- 1766 ) was an English architect and translator of Italian Renaissance architect Andrea Palladio .
Carsten Bergemann ( born 24 January 1979 in Bautzen ) is a German track cyclist , specialising in the sprint disciplines .
Mohamed Khodavand ( Persian : محمدتقی خداوند‎‎ , born 7 March 1950 ) is a former Iranian cyclist .
Tara Springett ( née Ulrike Erika Elisabeth Fulda ; born 28 November 1960 ) is Buddhist therapist , teacher and author of self - help books .
Alexander Everett ( 1921 - -2005 ) was a British self - improvement and personal development consultant .
Ambuyah Ebanks ( born c. 1985 ) is the Miss Cayman Islands Pageant 2006 winner .
Avon Hudson ( born 1939 ) is a South Australian RAAF ex - serviceman , nuclear weapons testing whistle - blower and co - author of the 2005 book Beyond Belief which he wrote with academic and historian , Roger Cross .
Jason Koumas ( born 25 September 1979 ) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played for Tranmere Rovers , Cardiff City , West Bromwich Albion and Wigan Athletic .
Bizunesh Bekele ( var . Bezunesh Bekele , Amharic : ብዙነሽ በቀለ ? ; 1936 -- 25 June 1990 ) was an Ethiopian popular soul singer popular in the 1960s and 1970s .
Jean - Boniface Assélé ( born 9 February 1939 ) is a Gabonese politician and the President of the Circle of Liberal Reformers ( CLR ) .
Trevor Obst ( 21 June 1940 -- 1 December 2015 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) during the 1960s and 70s .
Praneeth Hewage ( born 1 October 1987 ; full name Uyangoda Hewage Praneeth Thimanka ) was a Sri Lankan cricketer .
Fionn Fitzgerald ( born 27 April 1990 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a left corner - back with the Kerry senior team .
Angus Gibson ( 1842 - -1920 ) was a sugar planter and politician .
Marko Novaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Новаковић , born 4 January 1989 ) is a Serbian sprint canoer .
Susan Bonner ( born 1963 ) is a Canadian radio and television journalist , currently the lead anchor of CBC Radio One 's The World at Six .
Rusi Brij ( 17 November 1955 - 20 May 2009 ) was an Indian business executive and entrepreneur .
Asher Karni ( Hebrew : אשר קרני‎ ; born 1954 ) is a South African and Israeli businessman known for his financial involvement and support for both the Pakistani and Israeli nuclear programs .
Kamala Chakravarty ( born Saraswati Kamala Shastri , 1928 ) is an Indian classical musician and former dancer , known for her association with sitar maestro Ravi Shankar .
Rong Zhen ( traditional Chinese : 榮臻 ; simplified Chinese : 荣臻 ; pinyin : Róng Zhēn ; Wade -- Giles : Jung Chen ) ( 1891 - - ? ? ? ? ) was a military commander in the Republic of China .
Stefan Stanchev ( Bulgarian : Стефан Станчев ; born 26 April 1989 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Cherno More Varna .
Brendan Courtney ( born 24 June 1973 in Dublin ) is an Irish television presenter and fashion stylist , the first openly gay presenter in Ireland .
Bai Anqi ( born 9 January 1993 ; Chinese : 白安琪 ) is a Chinese swimmer .
Margaret of England ( 29 September 1240 -- 26 February 1275 ) was Queen of Scots as the wife of King Alexander III .
Robert Reale ( born 1956 ) is an American composer with a long list of credits in film , TV and theater .
Claudio Foscarini ( born 19 November 1958 ) is an Italian football coach , currently serving as head coach of Serie B outfit Pro Vercelli .
Nina Miranda ( born 1970 ) is a singer and songwriter who was a member of English bands Smoke City , Shrift and Zeep .
Sam Vanni ( till 1941 Samuel Besprosvanni ; 6 July 1908 -- 20 October 1992 ) was a Finnish painter of Jewish origin .
Tariq Ali ( /ˈtɑːrɪk ˈɑːli/ ; Punjabi , Urdu : طارق علی‎ ; born 21 October 1943 ) is a British Pakistani writer , journalist , and filmmaker .
Christian Worch ( born March 14 , 1956 ) is a prominent German right - wing nationalist activist and chairman of the right - wing political party Die Rechte .
Durk Pearson ( born in 1943 in Illinois ) is best known for coauthoring a series of books on longevity , beginning with Life Extension :
Júlio César Teixeira known as Julinho ( the diminutive form of Júlio , born 18 June 1979 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Hersjana Matmuja ( born 1 February 1990 ) , also known as Hersi Matmuja or simply Hersi is an Albanian singer , best known for winning the 52nd edition of Festivali i Këngës .
Lilit Bleyan ( Armenian : Լիլիթ Բլեյան ; born 2 June 1978 ) is an Armenian songwriter , singer .
Andrea Echeverri ( born 13 September 1965 ) is a Colombian rock / pop singer and guitarist .
Bob Kortman ( 24 December 1887 -- 13 March 1967 ) was an American film actor mostly associated with westerns , though he also appeared in a number of Laurel and Hardy comedies .
Michael Annals ( 21 April 1938 - 1990 ) was a theatrical scenic and costume designer .
Jennifer Baumgardner ( born 1970 ) is a writer , activist , filmmaker , and lecturer whose work explores abortion , sex , bisexuality , rape , single parenthood , and women 's power .
Johannes Hahn ( born 2 December 1957 ) is an Austrian politician , who since November 2014 is Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy & Enlargement Negotiations .
Mitchell Lazar ( born 1956 ) is an endocrinologist and physician - scientist widely known for his discovery of the hormone resistin and his contributions to the transcriptional regulation of metabolism .
Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark , RE ( born 7 January 1939 ) is the author of several historical novels and biographies , as well as a contributing writer to Architectural Digest .
Margaret Dragu ( born 1953 ) is a Canadian dancer , writer , performance artist and feminist .
Wayne Richardson ( born 8 December 1946 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the ( then ) Victorian Football League .
Bùi Dzinh ( born 1929 ) is a former Vietnamese military commander .
Fahriye Evcen ( born 4 June 1986 ) is a Turkish actress , best known for her role as Necla Tekin on the Turkish TV - series Yaprak Dökümü and Feride role in Çalıkuşu series Novel by Reşat Nuri Güntekin .
Khasan Israilov ( Chechen : Israil Khant Hasan/Исраил КIант Хьасан ; Russian : Хасан Исраилов ; 1910 - December 29 , 1944 ) was a Chechen nationalist , guerrilla fighter , journalist , and poet who led a Chechen and Ingush resistance and rebellion against the Soviet Union from 1940 until his death in 1944 .
Saleemul Huq ( born 2 October 1952 ) is a Bangladeshi scientist based in London .
Robert Engman ( 1927 Belmont , Massachusetts ) is an American sculptor with a number of works in the Hirshhorn Museum , and elsewhere in the U.S.
Thanu Padmanabhan ( born 10 March 1957 ) is an Indian theoretical physicist and cosmologist whose research spans a wide variety of topics in Gravitation , Structure formation in the universe and Quantum Gravity .
Joy Press ( born 1966 ) is a writer and editor .
Kate Sissons ( born 1980 ) is a British RADA - trained actress .
Kenny Thompson ( born 26 April 1985 ) is a Belgian football player who , starting from the 2015 - 16 season , is playing for Beerschot Wilrijk .
Jeff Oaks ( 1964 - present ) is an American poet and essayist who is a Senior Lecturer at the University of Pittsburgh and the Assistant Director of the Writing Program .
Eugenio Morelli , Cavaliere OMRI , Ufficiale OMRI ( Italian pronunciation : ( euˈdʒɛnjo mɔ'rɛlli ) ; born 29 August 1946 ) is an Italian physician , poet , writer , essayist and art critic .
Mohammad Esmaeil Saeidi ( Persian : ‌‌محمداسماعیل سعیدی‎‎ ; born 1961 ) is an Iranian politician .
Miguel Maria de Sá Pais do Amaral , 4th Count of Alferrarede , KHDSMOM , commonly known as Miguel Amaral ( born 31 July 1954 ) is a Portuguese aristocrat , businessman and amateur racing driver .
Trevor Hamilton ( born 19 June 1982 ) , is a Northern Irish murderer .
José Ariel Núñez Portelli ( born 12 September 1988 ) is a Paraguayan international footballer who plays for Club Olimpia as a striker , on loan from Danish club Brøndby .
Davide Valsecchi ( born 24 January 1987 ) is an Italian racing driver , and the 2012 GP2 Series champion .
Thomas Glave ( born 1964 ) is an American author of Jamaican descent who has published widely and won numerous awards .
Johan Mjällby ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈjuː.ˈan ˈmjɛlbʏ ) ) ( born 9 February 1971 ) is a Swedish former footballer .
Ziv Kalontarov ( also `` Kalontorov '' , `` Kaluntarov '' , and `` Kalntrov '' ; Hebrew : זיו קלונטרוב‎ ; born 15 January 1997 ) is an Israeli swimmer and the reigning European Games champion in the 50 m freestyle .
Jiao Guobiao ( simplified Chinese : 焦国标 ; traditional Chinese : 焦國標 ; pinyin : jiāo guó biāo ; born 1963 in Qi County , Kaifeng , Henan ) is a Chinese dissident who was formerly an associate professor at Peking University 's College of Journalism and Communications until he was dismissed .
Svetlana Krivencheva ( Bulgarian : Светлана Кривенчева ) ( born 30 December 1973 in Plovdiv ) is a retired Bulgarian tennis player .
Deborah Hautzig ( born 1956 , New York ) is the author of several children 's books , including the Little Witch series .
Karlheinz Böhm ( 16 March 1928 -- 29 May 2014 ) , sometimes referred to as Carl Boehm or Karl Boehm , was an Austrian actor .
Pablito de Cádiz ( 1908 - -January 24 , 2004 ) was a Spanish flamenco dancer ( bailaor ) .
Rafał Jakubowicz ( born 1974 ) , is a visual artist and art critic .
Stephen Carr ( born 29 August 1976 ) is an Irish former footballer who played for and captained Birmingham City from 2009 to 2013 .
Myōgiryū Yasunari ( 妙義龍 泰成 , born 22 October 1986 ) is a professional sumo wrestler from Takasago city in Hyōgo prefecture , Japan .
Phyllis Wallbank MBE ( born 1 September 1918 ) is a British educationalist who , in 1948 , founded the first all - age Montessori school in Great Britain and the Gatehouse Learning Centre , which took its name from the gatehouse of the Priory Church of St Bartholomew the Great in London .
Frank H. Krusen ( 1898 - September 16 , 1973 ) was an American physiatrist .
Rhys Nicholson ( born 22 April 1990 ) is an Australian comedian originally from Newcastle , New South Wales , now living in Sydney .
Samuel Contesti ( born 4 March 1983 ) is a French - Italian former competitive figure skater .
Neal Slavin ( born 1941 in Brooklyn , New York , USA ) is an American photographer and television / film director .
Amir Nasar A Din ( Hebrew : אמיר נאסר א - דין‎ ; born 5 March 1993 ) is an Israeli - Druze footballer who plays as a Defender .
Xavier Prats Monné ( born 1956 in Tarragona , Spain ) is a high - ranking official of the European Commission .
Bruce Munro ( born 1959 , London ) is an English artist primarily concerned with the medium of light .
Yümjiriin Mönkh - Amgalan ( Mongolian : Юмжирийн Мөнх-Амгалан ) ( born 1956 in Bayanmönkh , Khentii ) is a Professor of linguistics at the National University of Mongolia .
Susana Agüero ( 1944 - - March 26 , 2012 ) was an Argentine ballet dancer who also danced in musicals and shows .
Ben Kinmont ( born 1963 ) is an artist , publisher , and antiquarian bookseller living in Sebastopol , California , United States .
Arthur D. Morse ( December 27 , 1920-June 1 , 1971 ) was a World War II historian , best known for his book While Six Million Died :
Chris Douglas ( born 4 August 1974 ) , known primarily for his work as O.S.T. , is an electronic musician from San Francisco , California .
Henrik Peschel , also known as Henna Peschel , ( born 1967 in Hamburg ) is a German film director , screenwriter , cameraman and producer .
Petko Yankov ( Bulgarian : Петко Янков , born 6 October 1977 ) is a retired Bulgarian sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres .
Willy Fischler ( born in 1949 in Antwerpen , Belgium ) is a theoretical physicist and string theorist .
Ahmed Dino ( 1785 - -1849 ) was an Albanian military leader and politician .
Didier Pfirter ( born 1959 , Basel ) is a Swiss diplomat .
Johann Tschopp ( born 1 July 1982 in Sierre ) is a Swiss professional mountain bike racer .
Sexton Ming ( born 1961 ) is a British artist , poet and musician who was a founding member of The Medway Poets ( 1979 ) and Stuckism art movement ( 1999 ) .
Elizabeth Fones Winthrop Feake Hallett ( 21 January 1610 -- c. 1673 ) was an early settler in the Massachusetts Bay Colony where her father - in - law ( and uncle ) John Winthrop served as Governor .
Christian Blum ( born 10 March 1987 ) is a German track and field sprinter who specialises in the 100 metres and 60 metres .
José Miguel Class ( 26 September 1938 , in Manatí , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican singer who gained wide international fame during the 1960s and 1970s .
Andi Durrant ( born 1981 ) is a radio presenter , disc jockey and music producer from Leeds , UK Andi Durrant currently hosts The Electrik Playground radio show on various radio stations around the world .
Henry Kõrvits ( born 30 December 1974 in Tallinn ) , better known by his stagename G - Enka is an Estonian rapper and record producer .
Jacques Palminger ( born Heinrich Ebber in 1964 in Borken , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German actor , musician , and member of the comedy ensemble Studio Braun .
Berith Agneta Eriksson ( born 3 May 1965 in Västerås , Västmanland ) is a Swedish former freestyle swimmer .
Wallace Rea ( 21 August 1935 -- 1998 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a right winger .
Marvyn Cox ( born 11 July 1964 in Whitstable , Kent ) is a former Speedway rider .
Saleh Fouzan ( February , 1956 ) is an award winning cinematographer .
Max Rooses ( 10 February 1839 -- 15 July 1914 ) was a Belgian writer , literature critic , and curator of the Plantin - Moretus Museum at Antwerp .
Skinnar Per Andersson from Sollerön ( 1703 -- January 30 , 1744 ) was a farmer from Dalarna , member of the Swedish Riksdag representing parts of Dalarna and one of the key leaders of the Dalecarlian Rebellion of 1743 .
Lasse Rise ( born 9 June 1986 ) is a Danish professional football Winger or a Forward , who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Esbjerg fB.
The Most Reverend James O'Fallon ( bef 1756 -- 2 Dec 1786 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic clergyman who served as the Bishop of Elphin from 1756 to 1786 .
Stephen Mokoka ( born 31 January 1985 ) is a South African long - distance runner who competes in races ranging from 3000 metres to the marathon distance .
Dietrich Varez ( born 28 March 1939 ) is an iconoclastic printmaker - painter .
Loren Stuckenbruck ( born 1960 ) is an historian of early Christianity and Second Temple Judaism , currently professor of New Testament at the University of Munich , in Germany .
Alireza Nourizadeh ( Persian : علی‌رضا نوری‌زاده‎‎ , born 24 June 1949 in Tehran ) is an Iranian scholar , literary figure , journalist , political activist and an expert on Iranian contemporary history .
Prince Lorenz of Belgium , Archduke of Austria - Este ( born 16 December 1955 ) is a member of the Belgian Royal Family and an Austrian - Belgian citizen .
Anita Kazai ( born 28 May 1988 in Szeged ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Fehérvár KC in left wing position .
Thea Fleming ( also Flemming , born 1942 in Sittard ) is a Dutch film actress who spent much of her career in Italy , sometimes credited as Isabella Biancini .
Phyllis Bartholomew ( born 19 April 1914 ) is an English track and field athlete who competed in the long jump event during her career .
Sandra Steingraber ( born 1959 ) is an American biologist , author , and cancer survivor .
Gilbert Mapemba ( born 26 July 1985 ) is a Zimbabwean defender ( right back ) .
Stanislav Angelovič ( born 26 March 1982 ) is a Slovak playing coach who plays for ŠK Svätý Jur .
Born in October 1923 at Kohima in Nagaland , Shri T. S. Gurung was educated in Guwahati and Shillong .
George Burroughs Torrey ( 1863 - -1942 ) was an American painter , best known for his portraits .
Frederick John Inman ( 28 June 1935 -- 8 March 2007 ) was an English actor and singer best known for his role as Mr. Humphries in Are You Being Served ? , a British sitcom between 1972 and 1985 .
Jean Gainche ( born 12 August 1932 , in Remingol ) was a French professional road bicycle racer .
Nathaniel Hale Pryor ( 1772 - -1831 ) served as Sergeant in the Lewis and Clark Expedition .
Vince Lateano ( born 1942 ) is an American jazz drummer who has toured with numerous great jazz musicians over the years , including Cal Tjader , Woody Herman , Vince Guaraldi , and Stan Getz .
Yasuhiro Fueki ( Japanese : 笛木 靖宏 ; born 20 December 1985 ) is a Japanese track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres hurdles .
Aurélien Nattes ( born 30 March 1984 ) is a French semi - professional football player .
Mehmet Naci Bostancı ( born 2 August 1957 ) is a Turkish politician and academic who currently serves as the Deputy Speaker of the Grand National Assembly along with Şafak Pavey , Koray Aydın and Yurdusev Özsökmenler as of 9 July 2015 .
August Starek ( born 16 February 1945 ) is a former international Austrian footballer and football manager .
Stan Fairbairn ( 14 July 1886 -- 26 February 1943 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Daniel O'Sullivan ( born 1 December 1980 ) is an English artist , multi - instrumentalist and composer from Manchester , England , best known for playing in experimental art - rock bands Grumbling Fur , Guapo , Miasma & the Carousel of Headless Horses , Ulver , Sunn O ) ) ) , Æthenor , Miracle and Mothlite .
Georgia Bruce ( born 7 May 1981 ) is an expert in equine behavior and psychology .
Alexi Worth ( born 1964 , New York , NY ) is a painter , curator , art critic , and writer who is known for his conceptually rich and visually graphic works that address modern life and artmaking .
Vishal Kampani ( born 30 January 1977 ) is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Institutional Equities Group at the JM Financial group of companies .
George Compton , 6th Earl of Northampton ( 1692 -- 6 December 1758 ) , known as the Honourable George Compton until 1754 , was a British peer and Member of Parliament .
Rana Majid Haq Khan ( born 11 February 1983 ) , better known as Majid Haq , is a Scottish cricketer .
Karolína Peake ( born 10 October 1975 ) , née Karolína Kvačková , is a Czech politician .
Jaime Crespo ( born in 1961 in California ) is an American multi - artist , musician , and writer of Mexican descent .
Ellen Berkenblit ( 1958 ) is an American contemporary visual artist , whose work has been shown at many museums and art galleries across the country since the 1980s .
Joanna Hoareau ( born 19 January 1979 ) is a Seychellois former sprinter and long jumper .
Kanjeng Raden Tumenggung Irwan Susetyo Pakusadewo , better known by the stage name Tio Pakusadewo ( born 2 September 1963 ) , is an Indonesian actor .
Daniel Mojsov ( Macedonian : Дaниeл Mojсoв , born 25 December 1987 in Kavadarci ) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca .
Muhammad Arshad Khan ( Urdu : : محمد ارشد خان‎ , born 14 October 1969 ) known as MAK , is a Pakistani artist , painter , sculptor , social worker and the president of the Pakistan national committee for the World Art Games .
Roy Lunn ( born 1925 ) is an engineer in the automotive industry .
Matthias Preusser ( born 29 October 1976 , Mödling ) is an Austrian oncologist .
Emanuel Oppliger ( born 23 June 1975 ) is an Australian snowboarder , competing in the parallel giant slalom .
Andrew House ( born 23 January 1965 ) is a Welsh businessman and the current president and Group CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment ( SCEI ) , replacing Kaz Hirai who became chairman of the company in 2011 .
Peter Harness ( born 1976 ) is an English playwright , screenwriter and actor .
Aase Moløkken ( born 27 April 1930 in Norderhov , Buskerud ) is a Norwegian politician ( Ap ) .
Daniella Weiss ( Hebrew : דניאלה וייס ; born 1945 ) is an Israeli settlement movement activist , and a former mayor of Kedumim , an Israeli settlement located in the West Bank .
Michael Troughton ( born 2 March 1955 ) is an English actor , writer , and teacher .
Shanta Gokhale ( born 14 August 1939 ) is an Indian writer , translator , journalist and theatre critic .
Anis Boujelbene ( Arabic : أنيس بوجلبان‎ ) ( born 6 February 1978 ) is an Tunisian footballer .
George H. Coes ( 1828 -- March 16 , 1897 ) was an American minstrel music performer .
Ann Leckie ( born 1966 ) is an American author and editor of science fiction and fantasy .
Sofi Flink ( born 8 July 1995 ) is a Swedish athlete who has the Swedish national record for javelin throwing , a record she got when she broke her previous record at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics , with a throw of 61.96 in the qualifying round .
Géza Jeszenszky ( born 10 November 1941 ) is a Hungarian politician and associate professor , former Minister of Foreign Affairs and a former ambassador to the United States .
Luca Landucci ( 1436 - -1516 ) was an Italian apothecary from Florence , best known as the writer of a diary which later became an important primary source about the history of Florence .
John William Ogle FRCP FSA ( 30 July 1824 , Leeds -- 8 August 1905 ) was an English physician , honoured as the 1880 Harveian Orator .
Victoria Clayton , née Walker ( born 1947 ) is a British author of children 's books .
Nechama Tec ( née Bawnik ) ( born 15 May 1931 ) is a Professor Emerita of Sociology at the University of Connecticut .
Daniel Wyllie , also known as Dan Wyllie ( born 1970 ) is an Australian stage , film and television actor .
Maria Esteves de Medeiros Vitorino de Almeida , DamSE ( born 19 August 1965 ) , known as Maria de Medeiros ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mɐˈɾiɐ ðɨ mɨˈðɐjɾuʃ ) ) , is a Portuguese actress , director , and singer who has been involved in both European and American film productions .
Gao Lin ( Chinese : 郜林 ; pinyin : Gào Lín ; born 14 February 1986 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Richard E. Wiley ( born 1934 ) served as chairman of the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) from March 8 , 1970 --
Davit Narmania ( Georgian : დავით ნარმანია ; born 7 March 1979 ) is a Georgian politician and the current Mayor of Tbilisi , the capital of Georgia .
Ajay Chandrakar ( born 24 June 1963 ) is a cabinet minister in the Bharatiya Janata Party ruled government of Chhattisgarh state of India .
Frank Spraggon ( born 27 October 1945 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Middlesbrough and Hartlepool United .
Gert Joubert ( born 1948 in Mowbray , Cape Town ) is a Namibian businessperson .
Enrico Berrè ( born 10 November 1992 ) is an Italian sabre fencer , European team champion in 2013 and in 2014 .
Lee Kwang - soo ( Hangul : 이광수 ; born 14 July 1985 ) is a South Korean actor and entertainer .
Spyridon Flogaitis ( Greek : Σπυρίδων Φλογαΐτης ; born 22 July 1950 ) , is a Greek lawyer , jurist and academic who is currently a professor of public law at the University of Athens .
Ualosi Kailea ( born 28 October 1978 in Ha'ateiho ) is a Tongan rugby union Wing .
Mamadou Sylla ( born 25 January 1960 ) is a Guinean politician and business leader .
Amine Laâlou ( born 13 May 1982 ) is a Moroccan track and field athlete , who specializes in middle - distance running .
Tan Sri Datuk Seri Panglima Haji Annuar Musa ( born 18 May 1956 ) is President of Kelantan FA since 2009 .
Cedric Tamani ( born 7 October 1974 ) is a Swiss skeleton racer , who competed in the 2005/2006 Skeleton World Cup .
Dragoslav Bokan ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгослав Бокан ; born 15 February 1961 ) is a Serbian film director and writer .
Jean - François Cagnet , born in Baumont in 1756 ( fl . 1790 - -1801 ) , was a French gardener who worked under the botanist André Michaux in the course of the Nicolas Baudin voyage of scientific discovery ( 1800 - -1804 ) .
Tahin Tahera ( Bengali : তাহিন তাহেরা ) ( born : 28 June 1990 , Khulna ) is a Bangladeshi woman cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women 's cricket team .
Derek Michael Besant ( born 1950 in Alberta ) is a Canadian artist living in Calgary , Alberta .
Oreste Squinobal ( 1943 -- 9 September 2004 ) , from Gressoney - Saint - Jean , was an Italian mountain climber , mountain guide and ski mountaineer .
Friderich Christian Hager ( 9 February 1756 -- August 17 , 1795 ) was a Danish colonial commander and governor .
Catherine Schell ( born Katherina Freiin Schell von Bauschlott , 17 July 1944 ) is a Hungarian - born actress best known for her work in British television , in particular her portrayal of Maya in the science - fiction series Space : 1999 .
Graham Clive Watts OBE MCMI FRSA MRICS FRIBA CIBSE ( born 5 August 1956 ) , chief executive of the Construction Industry Council since 1991 , manager of Great Britain 's fencing team at the 2008 Summer Olympics and current chairman of the National Dance Awards .
Zhang Yuqi ( simplified Chinese : 张雨绮 ; traditional Chinese : 張雨綺 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yǔqǐ ; 8 August 1986 ) , also known as `` Kitty Zhang Yuqi '' , is a Chinese actress .
Trip Kennedy ( born 24 December 1946 ) was an Ottawa City Councillor .
Alex Whitworth ( born 22 April 1942 in Malta ) is best known as an Australian sailor .
Géza Varasdi ( born 6 February 1928 ) was a Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres .
Gheorghe Urschi ( born 18 January 1948 in Cotiujenii Mari ) is a Moldovan actor , director and humorist .
Andrew Lemoncello ( born 12 October 1982 ) is a Scottish long distance runner who competes in the 3000 metres steeplechase and the marathon events .
John David Albert ( 1806 -- April 24 , 1899 ) was a mountain man born in Hagerstown , Maryland .
Princess Salma bint Abdullah ( Arabic : سلمى بنت عبدالله ‎;born 26 September 2000 ) is the second daughter and third child of King Abdullah II and Queen Rania .
Chuah Guat Eng ( born 1 December 1943 ) in Rembau , Negeri Sembilan , is a Malaysian Peranakan Chinese writer .
Francis Thuo Karanja ( born 6 April 1975 ) is a Kenyan Paralympian athlete competing mainly in category T11 long distance events .
Garbhan Downey ( born 24 February 1966 ) is a novelist and editor from Derry , Northern Ireland .
India de Beaufort ( born India Beaufort Lloyd ; 27 June 1987 ) is a British actress and singer - songwriter .
Petr Cigánek ( born 3 September 1986 ) is a Czech football player , who plays for SC Neusiedl am See 1919 in Austria .
Rod Gilfry was born in 1959 in Covina , California , and grew up in West Covina and Claremont .
Roy LaGrone ( born America , 1966 ) is a digital media artist .
Judith Holfelder - Roy ( née Holfelder - von der Tann ; born 12 November 1976 ) , known by her stage name Judith Holofernes , is a German singer , guitarist , songwriter and author .
Tom Mathias ( 1866 - -1940 ) was a documentary photographer from Cilgerran , Pembrokeshire in the Teifi Valley .
Li Wei - ling ( born 4 October 1965 ) is a famous radio talk show host in Hong Kong .
Alanesian ( 1954 - -1977 ) was an American Thoroughbred racing filly and successful broodmare .
Jim Chong Shing ( 詹昌盛 ) ( 1958－ ) , an infamous Hong Kong street car racer nicknamed `` Mang Hang '' and a member of `` Wo On Lok '' ( 和安樂 ) , also known as `` Shui Fong '' , one of the Hong Kong Triads .
Paul Kling ( 28 March 1929 -- 2 January 2005 ) was a Czech - born Canadian violinist .
Virgilijus Alekna ( Lithuanian pronunciation : ​(vʲɪrʲˈɡʲɪlʲɪjʊs ɐlʲɛkˈnɐ ) ; 13 February 1972 in Terpeikiai , near Kupiškis ) is a Lithuanian discus thrower .
Marc Herremans ( Merksem , 19 December 1973 ) is a Belgian triathlete and motivational speaker .
Albert Balink ( 3 August 1906 -- 8 February 1976 ) was a Dutch - Indonesian journalist and filmmaker who made important contributions to the Indonesian cinema in the 1930s .
Luke Helliwell ( born 1 March 1988 , Bradford ) is a rugby league player for the York City Knights .
Govind Mishra ( born 1 August 1939 ) is an Indian novelist , who has written more than 53 books .
Timo Furuholm ( born 11 October 1987 ) , is a Finnish professional football Forward who plays for German 3 .
Elizabeth Jimie ( born 28 June 1992 in Kuching , Sarawak ) is a Malaysian diver , who specialised in individual and synchronised springboard events .
Zhang Linpeng ( simplified Chinese : 张琳芃 ; traditional Chinese : 張琳芃 ; pinyin : Zhāng Línpéng ; born 9 May 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Wayne Ough ( born 27 November 1978 ) is an Australian baseball pitcher .
Ross O'Carroll ( born 1 January 1987 ) is a hurling and football player for Dublin and Kilmacud Crokes .
Francis Meres was born at Kirton in the Holland division of Lincolnshire in 1565 .
Ellis Rastelli ( born 18 January 1975 ) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist .
Amanda Rankin ( born 22 October 1976 ) is an Australian sprint canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s .
Victor Dubowitz ( born 6 August 1931 ) is an English neurologist , professor emeritus at the Imperial College , London , author of several research papers and books on neurological disorders in children .
Patrick Thimbleby ( born 4 October 1963 ) is a British photographer , who lives in London .
Thomas Bolt ( born 1959 in Washington , D.C. ) is an American poet and artist .
Adam Hogg ( born 26 April 1934 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Airdrie , Swindon and Dumbarton .
Margaret Masterman ( 4 May 1910 -- 1 April 1986 ) was a British linguist and philosopher , most known for her pioneering work in the field of computational linguistics and especially machine translation .
John Crabbe Cunningham ( 1927 -- 31 January 1980 ) was a Scottish climber .
Mohd Zamir Selamat ( born 9 June 1989 ) , is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays for Perak as a Goalkeeper .
Sonia Herman Dolz ( born 1962 in Madrid ) is a Dutch film director , screenwriter and documentary filmmaker , who gained international fame in 1993 with her documentary `` Romance de Valentía '' about the Spanish bullfighting .
Wolf Andreae ( 13 July 1898 in Ermschwerd -- 18 December 1991 in Tenerife ) was a German Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II . Wolf Andreae was born on 13 July 1898 in the Ermschwerdt near Kassel .
Alex Dupont ( born 30 May 1954 ) is a former French footballer and football manager .
Anett Fiebig ( born 2 November 1961 ) is a retired German swimmer who won a gold medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships .
Maritta Bauerschmidt ( born 23 March 1950 ) is a retired German artistic gymnast .
Fiona Maazel ( born 1975 , Cleveland ) is the author of two novels :
Linas Alsenas ( Born 1979 in Cleveland , Ohio ) is a gay Lithuanian--
Chaudhry Faisal Mushtaq ( Urdu : چوہدری فیصل مشتاقى ; TI ; born 27 July 1978 ) , is a Pakistani academician , school practitioner and a social entrepreneur .
Aulus Egnatius Priscillianus ( c. 135 - 1 ? ? ) was a Roman philosopher .
Hubertus Prinz von Sachsen - Coburg und Gotha ( Hubertus Alexis Richard Ernst Eduard ; born 8 December 1961 ) is the eldest son of Prince Ernst Leopold of Saxe - Coburg and Gotha and his first wife Ingeborg Henig .
David Mehew ( born 29 October 1967 ) is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Bristol Rovers , Exeter City and Walsall .
R.C. Hickman ( c. 1922 -- 2007 ) , known for his iconic photographs of the civil rights movement , was one of the most important photographers in the history of Dallas , Texas .
Christ Mbondi ( born 2 February 1992 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for JS Saoura
Andrej Šali ( born 1963 , Kranj , Slovenia ) is a computational structural biologist .
Yonese Hanine ( born 20 February 1990 ) is an Italian footballer of Moroccan descent , who plays for Italian third division club Ascoli .
Nikos Sideris ( Greek : Νίκος Σιδέρης ; born 20 January 1952 ) , is a Greek psychiatrist , translator , poet and writer .
Nana Sahib was born on 19 May,1824 as Nana Govind Dhondu Pant , to Narayan Bhatt and Ganga Bai .
Anthony Wrona - ( b. 1926 - d. 2000 ) was an influential American Luthier ( violin maker ) and Archetier ( bow maker ) .
Yehiel Leket ( Hebrew : יחיאל לקט‎ , born 12 July 1941 ) is an Israeli Zionist activist and former politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment in 1977 .
Andrea Fulignati ( born 31 October 1994 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian Serie B club Trapani , on loan from Palermo .
Ivan Cano ( born 1987 ) is a Mexican professional boxer that fights in the lightweight division .
Samuel Lasz , Hungarian scientist ; born 18 December 1859 , at Szergeny ; studied at Pápa , Sopron , and Budapest .
Lee Wardlaw ( born 20 November 1955 ) is the author of several children 's books , such as 101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher , 101 Ways to Bug Your Parents , and See You In September .
Frank Halloran ( 13 December 1912 -- 1 July 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Elizabeth Booth ( born 1674 ) was a resident of Salem , Massachusetts Bay Colony , who became one of the accusers during the Salem Witch Trials .
Hi Kyung Kim ( Hangul : 김희경 ; born 1954 ) is a South Korean composer .
George Hastings , 8th Earl of Huntingdon ( 1677 - -1704 ) was the son of Theophilus Hastings , 7th Earl of Huntingdon and Elizabeth Lewis .
Johan Runesson ( born 20 November 1990 ) is a Swedish orienteering competitor and Junior World Champion .
Johann von Hinrichs ( 1752 - -1834 ) received training as a military engineer .
Nickitas J. Demos ( born 1962 ) is a Greek American composer .
Lewys Morgannwg ( fl . 1520 - -65 ) was a Welsh language poet from Morgannwg , south Wales .
Sebastian Da Costa ( born 1990 in Luanda , Angola ) , better known by his stage name Daco Junior , is a singer / songwriter , rapper and a record producer from Vaasa , Finland .
Tim Seely ( born 10 June 1935 ) is an English film , radio , television and theatre actor .
Carl Bowman ( born 1957 ) is an American sociologist , who is widely recognized for his studies of Anabaptist religious groups and is perhaps the foremost expert on the social and cultural history of the Church of the Brethren .
Eli Baruch Shulman ( born October 1959 ) is a rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University 's affiliated Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary ( RIETS ) and a lecturer at its Yeshiva Program / Mazer School of Talmudic Studies ( MYP ) .
Georgia Bonora is a former Australian gymnast , born in Melbourne on 19 May 1990 .
David Cohen Nassy ( born 1612 ) , was a professional colonizer who started Jewish colonies in the Caribbean .
Reginald Carter ( born 7 November 1933 ) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire from 1953 to 1955 .
Kristian Poulsen ( born 18 November 1975 ) is a Danish auto racing driver , who currently competes in touring car racing .
Milorad Bilbija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милорад Билбија ; born 17 July 1964 ) is a retired Bosnian professional footballer who played for Borac Banja Luka , and had a brief spell with Gaziantepspor in the Turkish Super Lig .
Deshamanya Balakumara Mahadeva ( Tamil : பாலகுமாரன் மகாதேவா ; 29 October 1921 -- 29 November 2013 ; commonly known as Baku Mahadeva ) was a leading Sri Lankan Tamil civil servant .
Franca Arena ( born 23 August 1937 ) is an Australian politician and activist .
Carl Heitzmann ( 2 October 1836 -- 6 December 1896 ) was an Croatia born Austrian pathologist and dermatologist .
Filip Knežević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Филип Кнежевић ; born 8 November 1991 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a winger for Serbian SuperLiga club Čukarički .
Batty Fischer was born on 24 July 1877 in the Marché aux Herbes opposite the Grand Ducal palace where his parents , Josef Fischer and Marguerite Marie Ferron , had a shop dealing in fashionable clothes and furs .
Kylie InGold ( born September 1962 ) is an Australian artist , a painter of the fairy and fantasy genre .
Roberto Ribaud ( born 30 June 1961 ) is a former Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 meter dash .
Mel Raido ( born in 1977 ) is a Jamaican - born English actor .
Dirk Bockel ( born 18 October 1976 ) is a professional triathlete originally from Schwaikheim , Germany .
Edward Badham ( born in 1860 in Barnes , Surrey - Date of death unknown ) was a police sergeant involved in the investigation of the Jack the Ripper murders , particularly those of Annie Chapman and Mary Jane Kelly .
Maria Serebriakova ( born 1965 ) is a Russian artist , who lives and works in Berlin , Germany .
John Purvis , CBE ( born 6 July 1938 , St Andrews , Fife ) is a former Conservative MEP for Mid Scotland and Fife ( 1979 - 1984 ) and , from 1999 to 2009 , was one of Scotland 's seven MEPs .
Ștefan Zeletin ( born Ștefan Motăș ; June 19 , 1882 -- July 20 , 1934 ) was a Romanian philosopher , sociologist , liberal economist and political theorist .
Lilia Aguilar Gil ( born 17 August 1977 ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PT . She currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Chihuahua .
Michael Glover ( 1922 - -90 ) served in the British army during World War II , after which he joined the British Council and became a professional author .
William Ronald Rhys Jones ( 26 December 1915 -- 22 May 1987 ) , who used the name Keidrych Rhys , was a Welsh literary journalist and editor , and a poet .
Daniel Olbrychski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ɔlˈbrɨxskʲi ) ; born 27 February 1945 ) is a Polish actor best known for leading roles in several Andrzej Wajda movies and also known for playing a defector and spymaster Vassily Orlov , alongside Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie in the movie Salt .
Edward Langworthy ( 1738 - -1802 ) was an American teacher who was a delegate to the Continental Congress from Georgia .
Zoe Leonard ( born 1961 ) is an American artist who works primarily with photography and sculpture .
Peter Campbell Brown ( 12 August 1913 -- 23 July 1994 ) was a corporation counsel for New York City and a Justice Department official .
Ed Stradling ( born 1972 in Cardiff , Wales ) , is a TV producer / director , who is best known for producing documentaries accompanying the Doctor Who DVD range in the 2000s .
Shujauddin Siddiqi ( 10 May 1919 -- 21 July 2003 ) was an Indian first - class cricketer .
Eduardo Araújo Moreira ( born 19 April 1974 in Ipauçu ) commonly known as Edu is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Baron Emil von Dungern ( 26 November 1867 -- 4 September 1961 ) was a German internist .
Ed Rossbach was an American fiber artist who was born in Chicago , Illinois in 1914 and died on October 7 , 2002 in Berkeley , California .
Ralph Steadman ( born 15 May 1936 ) is a British artist best known for his work with American author Hunter S. Thompson .
Tahi Reihana ( born 15 March 1972 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the Australian Rugby League premiership and Super League competitions .
John Nathan ( born 1940 ) is the translator of Japanese works written by celebrated authors such as Yukio Mishima and Kenzaburō Ōe .
Saeid Chahjouei ( Persian : سعید چاه‌جویی‌‎‎ , born 22 June 1986 ) is an Iranian football player .
Nina Graeger ( born 11 February 1965 ) or Nina Græger , as it is written in Norwegian , is a Norwegian political scientist , IR scholar , researcher and politician .
Yvette Nolan ( Algonquin / Métis ) ( 1961 ) is a Canadian playwright , director , actor , and educator based out of Saskatchewan , Canada .
Stephen Constantine ( born 16 October 1962 ) is an English professional football coach and former player , who currently manages the Indian national team .
Heinrich I von Müllenark ( also Mulnarken ) ( 1190 - -1238 ) was the Archbishop of Cologne within the Holy Roman Empire from 1225 until 1237 .
Samuel Simons ( 1792 -- January 13 , 1847 ) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut 's 4th congressional district from 1843 to 1845 .
George Gracie ( ca 1747 -- November 25 , 1807 ) was a Scottish - born merchant , shipowner and political figure in Nova Scotia .
Dieter Brei ( 30 September 1950 ) is a former German footballer , now a football trainer .
Walter Hus ( born 1959 ) is a Belgian composer and musician .
Egil Søby ( born 25 November 1945 ) is a Norwegian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1960s to the early 1970s .
Tony Kouzarides , FMedSci , FRS ( born 17 January 1958 ) is the deputy director of the Gurdon Institute , a founding non - executive director of Abcam and a Professor of Cancer Biology at the University of Cambridge .
Samuel Bennett ( 28 March 1815 -- 2 June 1878 ) was a journalist and newspaper owner in colonial Australia .
Leonard Patrick Komon ( born 10 January 1988 in Mount Elgon District ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner and the current world record holder in the 10 kilometres and 15 km road races .
Jeremy Hooker ( born 1941 , Warsash ) is an English poet , critic , teacher , and broadcaster .
Donald Bruce Dawe AO ( born 15 February 1930 ) is an Australian poet , considered by some as one of the most influential Australian poets of all time .
Jeff Hayenga ( also known as Jeffrey Hayenga ) is an American actor , born in 1950 in Sibley , Iowa .
Conny Van Dyke ( sometimes credited as as Connie Van Dyke ) is a singer and actress , born September 28 , 1945 in Nassawadox , Virginia to Benjamin and Charlotte Elizabeth Van Dyke .
Mar - Zutra II was a Jewish Exilarch who led a successful revolt against Persia in the year 495 CE and achieved seven years of political independence in Mahoza .
Marian Moszoro Մարիան Մոշորո ( born in 1974 in Rosario , Argentina ) , Polish economist , in 2005 - 2006 he was Undersecretary of State , Deputy Minister of Finance of Poland , the youngest ever in the history of the Ministry .
John Stuart , 12th Earl of Moray ( 25 January 1797 -- 8 November 1867 ) , styled The Honourable John Stuart between 1810 and 1859 , was a Scottish soldier and politician .
Lewanika ( 1842 - -1916 ) ( also known as Lubosi Lewanika or Lewanika I ) was the Lozi Litunga ( king or paramount chief ) of Barotseland from 1878 to 1916 ( with a break in 1884 - 5 ) .
Belinda Bromilow ( born 21 May 1975 ) is an Australian actress who is best known for her roles in the television series Spirited , Packed to the Rafters and Talk to Me .
Debora Kay Iyall ( Cowlitz pronunciation : ( ˈʌɪalwahawa ) ; born 29 April 1954 ) , best known simply by her professional name Debora Iyall /ˈaɪ.ɑːl/ , a Cowlitz Native American , is an artist and was lead singer for the new wave band Romeo Void .
David Gamper is an American composer ( born in Findlay , Ohio , in 1945 , died September 27 , 2011 ) He has been a member of Pauline Oliveros 's Deep Listening Band and the duo See Hear Now .
Henry Hacking ( 1750 - -1831 ) , seaman and explorer , was an early settler in New South Wales , Australia .
Anosh Irani ( born 1974 ) is an Indian - Canadian novelist and playwright .
Karl - Martin Rammo ( born 6 June 1989 ) is an Estonian sailor , born in Tallinn .
Karol Szwedowski ( 1889 - 1941 ) entitled to Korwin coat of arms was a Polish builder , contracted to work at Westerplatte .
Priyanka Bhanushali ( born 7 January 1993 ) is an Indian singer and songwriter , who performs under the stage name Priyanka Pripri .
Manuel Gutiérrez ( born 8 April 1920 ) was a Mexican football leaguedefender .
Hedi Turki ( born 15 May 1922 ) is a Tunisian artist of Turkish origin .
Michael Findlay ( 1938 - -1977 ) , along with his wife Roberta Findlay , directed and produced numerous sexploitation movies .
Jane Ridley ( born 15 May 1953 ) is an English historian , biographer , author and broadcaster , and Professor of Modern History at the University of Buckingham .
Louis - Ovide Brunet ( 10 March 1826 -- 2 October 1876 ) was a French - Canadian botanist and Roman Catholic priest , and is considered one of the founding fathers of Canadian botany .
Kim Conley ( born 14 March 1986 in Slough , United Kingdom ) is an American track and field athlete , who competes in middle and long distance track events .
Paloor Madhavan Namboothiri ( Malayalam : പാലൂർ മാധവന് നമ്പൂതിരി ; born 22 June 1932 ) , commonly known as M. N. Paloor ( Malayalam : എം.എൻ. പാലൂർ ) , is a Malayalam - language poet from Kerala , India .
Andrew Golota ( born Andrzej Gołota ; 5 January 1968 ) is a Polish former professional boxer .
Dick Wallen ( born c. 1936 ) is a former American football player who was a consensus All - American at the end position in 1957 while playing for UCLA .
Pete Vuckovic ( born 1971 , Devon , England ) is a British singer - songwriter of Serbian descent .
Bruce Montague ( born 24 March 1939 ) is a British actor , best known for his role as Leonard Dunn in the television sitcom Butterflies he has also acted in over 300 television productions .
Kevin Shea ( born 1973 in the Twin Cities metropolitan area , Minnesota ) is a jazz drummer .
Yu Linxiang ( Chinese : 喻林祥 ; pinyin : Yù Línxiáng ; born January 1945 ) is a retired general ( shang jiang ) who served as political commissar of the People 's Armed Police of China .
Minkhaung Nawrahta ( Burmese : မင်းခေါင် နော်ရထာ ( mɪ́ɴɡàʊɴ nɔ̀jətʰà ) ; c. 1714 -- 5 December 1760 ) was a general of the Royal Burmese Army of the Konbaung Dynasty during the reign of King Alaungpaya .
Inna Zubkovskaya ( 29 November 1923 -- 5 February 2001 ) was a Russian ballerina .
Slobodan Vučeković ( Cyrillic : Слободан Вучековић , born 15 December 1953 ) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player .
Chris Emmett ( born 13 December 1938 , in Nuneaton , Warwickshire ) is a British actor and comedian best known for his work in the late 1970s on the BBC Radio 4 comedy The Burkiss Way .
Andrzej Szczytko ( born 9 October 1955 ) is a Polish stage director and actor .
Kamala Das Gupta ( born 11 March 1907 ) was an Indian freedom fighter .
Dennis Retera ( born 11 July 1986 in Best , Noord Brabant ) is a Dutch racing driver currently competing in the International GT Open .
Rosephanye Powell , pronounced ro - SEH - fuh - nee , ( b. 1962 ) is an American choral composer , singer , professor , and researcher .
Samuel Pegge the elder ( 5 November 1704 -- 14 February 1796 ) was an antiquary .
Salim Sdiri ( born 26 October 1978 ) is a French long jumper of Tunisian descent .
Luz Méndez de la Vega ( 2 September 1919 -- 8 March 2012 ) was a Guatemalan feminist writer , journalist , poet , academic and actress .
Wilko Johnson ( born John Peter Wilkinson , 12 July 1947 ) is an English singer , guitarist , songwriter and actor , particularly associated with the rhythm and blues band Dr. Feelgood in the 1970s .
Terence Francis MacCarthy ( born 21 January 1957 ) , formerly self - styled Tadhg V , The MacCarthy Mór , Prince of Desmond and Lord of Kerslawny , is a genealogist , historian , and writer .
Alien Swarm is a freeware multiplayer top - down shooter video game by Valve Corporation .
Tales from the Dead is a 2007 horror film , written and directed by Jason Cuadrado .
Much Ado About Nixi ( German : Viel Lärm um Nixi ) is a 1942 German comedy film directed by Erich Engel and starring Jenny Jugo , Albert Matterstock and Hans Leibelt .
Twilight of the Ice Nymphs ( 1997 ) is a fantasy romance film ; the fourth feature directed by Guy Maddin .
Shriek of the Mutilated is a 1974 American horror film directed by Michael Findlay , also known as Mutilated and Scream of the Snowbeast .
Her Reputation is a 1931 British comedy film directed by Sidney Morgan and starring Iris Hoey , Frank Cellier , Lillian Hall - Davis and Malcolm Tearle .
Skull Heads is a 2009 drama / horror film written , produced and directed by Charles Band and distributed by his company Full Moon Features .
Jimmy and Sally is a 1933 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and written by William M. Conselman , Marguerite Roberts and Paul Schofield .
Maradona - La mano de Dios , internationally released as Maradona , the Hand of God , is a 2007 Italian - Argentine biographical film directed by Marco Risi .
Night Rhythms is a 1992 direct - to - video film starring Martin Hewitt and David Carradine and directed by Gregory Dark .
Sabari the sharp knife is a Kollywood film directed by A. R. Suresh .
His Wife 's Friend is a 1919 American silent mystery film directed by Joe De Grasse and written by John Burland Harris - Burland and R. Cecil Smith .
The Storage ( Finnish : Varasto ) is a 2011 Finnish comedy film directed by Taru Mäkelä .
Street Bandits is a 1951 American crime film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Milton Raison .
Ghatotkachudu is a 1995 Telugu comedy film produced by K. Atchi Reddy on Manisha Films banner , directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy .
Appointment with a Shadow is a 1957 film noir directed by Richard Carlson .
The Choppers is a 1961 American hot rod film directed by Leigh Jason .
Ek Ruka Hua Faisla ( Hindi : एक रुका हुआ फैसला , ( ' A Pending Decision ' ) ) is a 1986 Hindi film , directed by Basu Chatterjee .
Donna ... cosa si fa per te ( Woman ... what do you do for you ) , is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Giuliano Biagetti .
Beverly Hills Cop III is a 1994 American action - comedy film starring Eddie Murphy and directed by John Landis , who had previously worked with Murphy on Trading Places and Coming to America .
Interestingly , though Columbia short subject head / director Jules White was known for the usage of excessive violence in his films , A Snitch in Time was directed by Edward Bernds , who always maintained that the violence was not to be excessive in the films he directed .
Ulsavapittennu is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Bharath Gopi and produced by Babu .
The Fall of Italy ( Croatian : Pad Italije ) , is a 1981 Yugoslav war film directed by Lordan Zafranović .
The Lady of Red Butte is a 1919 American Western film written by C. Gardner Sullivan and directed by Victor Schertzinger .
Mr. Superinvisible ( Italian : L'inafferrabile invincibile Mr. Invisibile , also known as Mr. Invisible and The Unseizable Invincible Mr. Invisible ) is a 1970 Italian fantasy - comedy film directed by Antonio Margheriti .
A Hobo 's Christmas is a 1987 American film made for TV and directed by Will Mackenzie and produced by Joe Byrne and Paul Freeman .
Tananam Tananam ( Kannada : ತನನಂ ತನನಂ ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada romantic musical drama film directed and written by Kavitha Lankesh .
The Shadow of Hate is a 1995 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about racism .
Dunces and Dangers is a 1918 American film directed by Larry Semon .
Searchlight on Japan is an Australian documentary directed by Ken G. Hall about the Allied occupation of Japan after World War II . The film was sold to American television .
Murder by Proxy , released in the United States as Blackout , is a 1954 British crime drama film directed by Terence Fisher .
Heavy Metal Parking Lot is a documentary short produced by Jeff Krulik and John Heyn in 1986 .
Duty is Duty ( German : Dienst ist Dienst ) is a 1931 German film directed by Carl Boese and starring Fritz Spira , Ralph Arthur Roberts and Maly Delschaft .
Achani ( Malayalam : അച്ചാണി , English : The Axle ) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by A. Vincent and produced by K. Ravindran Nair .
The Lonely Lady is a 1983 American film , which was directed by Peter Sasdy and adapted for the screen by Ellen Shepard , who worked from the novel written by Harold Robbins .
Modern Marriage is a 1923 silent film crime - drama mystery directed by Lawrence C. Windom and Victor Heerman .
Five Dances is a 2013 film written and directed by Alan Brown .
Track 29 is a 1988 film directed by Nicolas Roeg .
Grand Exit is a 1935 American detective mystery film with comedy elements , directed for RKO Radio Pictures by Erle C. Kenton , with screenplay by Bruce Manning and Lionel Houser , based on a story by Gene Towne and Graham Baker .
Cherry Tree Lane is a 2010 British urban dramatic real - time horror - thriller film , written and directed by Paul Andrew Williams .
Mahler on the Couch ( German : Mahler auf der Couch ) is a 2010 German film directed by Percy Adlon and Felix Adlon .
Your Mother Wears Combat Boots is a 1989 American made - for - television comedy film starring Barbara Eden , Héctor Elizondo , Meagen Fay , David Kaufman and directed by Anson Williams .
Kasoor ( meaning ' Guilt / Fault ' ) is a 2001 Bollywood suspense thriller film produced under Mukesh Bhatt 's Vishesh Entertainment Ltd. and directed by Vikram Bhatt .
E. L. Woody was the executive producer and creator of Celebrities Uncensored .
Children of the Pyre ( Ta paidia tis pyras ) is a 2008 film documentary directed and produced by Rajesh S. Jala .
Last Stop 174 ( Portuguese : Última Parada 174 ) is a 2008 Brazilian film directed by Bruno Barreto , written by Braulio Mantovani , produced by Moonshot Pictures and starring Michel Gomes and Marcello Melo , Jr ..
Garjane ( Kannada : ಘರ್ಜನೆ ) is a Kannada film is directed by C. V. Rajendran .
The Way of All Men is a 1930 American Pre - Code drama film produced and released by First National Pictures , a subsidiary of Warner Bros. , and directed by Frank Lloyd .
Chryzinium is a 2014 American science fiction short film drama , written , directed and produced by Rick Lord , in which John Gussman and his daughter Madison have a choice to make .
Three Bewildered People in the Night is a 1987 American drama film directed by Gregg Araki .
A Race of Noblemen ( Spanish : Raza de hidalgos ) is a 1927 Spanish silent film directed by and starring Tony D'Algy .
The Gleiwitz Case ( German : Der Fall Gleiwitz ) is an East German war film directed by Gerhard Klein .
Lady Bodyguard is a 1943 American comedy film directed by William Clemens .
Charles Dickens 's England is a feature documentary written and produced by David Nicholas Wilkinson , directed by Julian Richards and presented by Derek Jacobi .
The River Woman is a 1928 drama film directed by Joseph Henabery that is part - silent / part - sound .
Walerjan Wrobel 's Homesickness ( German : Das Heimweh des Walerjan Wróbel ) is a 1991 German drama film directed by Rolf Schübel .
Allow Me , Daddy ! ( Italian : Mi permette , babbo ! ) is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard .
The Supplement ( Polish : Suplement ) is a 2002 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi .
Alicinte Anveshanam is an Indian Malayalam film written and directed by T. V. Chandran .
My Country , My Country is a 2006 documentary film about Iraq under U.S. occupation by the filmmaker Laura Poitras .
Evil Town is a 1987 American zombie horror film directed by Edward Collins , Mardi Rustam , Larry Spiegel , and Peter S. Traynor .
48 heures par jour ( 48 hours a day ) is a 2008 French comedy film directed by Catherine Castel .
Satyakam is a 1969 Indian Hindi film directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee , based on a Bengali novel of the same name by Narayan Sanyal .
Boss of Bosses is a 2001 American made - for - TV movie about the life of former Gambino Family boss Paul Castellano directed by Dwight H. Little .
The Balloon Goes Up is a 1942 British , black - and - white , comedy , musical war film , directed by Redd Davis and starring Ronald Shiner , Ethel Revnell , Gracie West , Donald Peers and Elsie Wagstaff .
For Ellen is a 2012 American drama film written , produced and directed by So Yong Kim .
The Wearing of the Grin is a Looney Tunes ( reissued as Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies in 1960 ) cartoon directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese .
The Brat is a 1931 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by John Ford .
J. Edgar is a 2011 American biographical drama film directed , co - produced , and scored by Clint Eastwood .
Darsanam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. N. Menon and produced by PC George .
Hyde Park on Hudson is a 2012 British biographical historical comedy - drama film directed by Roger Michell .
Take a Hard Ride is a 1975 DeLuxe Color Italian - American Western film directed by Antonio Margheriti .
Buckaroo Sheriff of Texas is a 1951 American western film directed by Philip Ford and starring Michael Chapin , Eilene Janssen and James Bell .
Always Kabhi Kabhi ( meaning ' Always Sometimes ' ) is a 2011 Hindi romance film directed by Roshan Abbas , and produced by Shahrukh Khan under Red Chillies Entertainment .
The Night of the Shooting Stars ( UK : The Night of San Lorenzo , Italian : La Notte di San Lorenzo ) is a 1982 Italian fantasy war drama film directed by Paolo Taviani and Vittorio Taviani .
Do n't Cry , It 's Only Thunder ( also known in Australia as Vietnam : Hell or Glory ) is a 1981 film directed by Peter Werner and written by Paul G. Hensler , set in the Vietnam War .
1,000 Dollars a Minute is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Aubrey Scotto .
Oru Indian Pranayakadha ( English : An Indian Love Story ) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic comedy film written by Ikbal Kuttipuram and directed by Sathyan Anthikad .
Nambinar Keduvathillai ( Tamil : நம்பினார் கெடுவதில்லை ) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar and produced by Kamakshi Shankar .
Palunkupaathram is a 1970 Indian Malayalam film , directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by AL Sreenivasan .
People Who Are Well ( Italian : La gente che sta bene ) is a 2014 Italian comedy - drama film written and directed by Francesco Patierno .
The Pink Phink is a 1964 animated short comedy film , directed by Friz Freleng and Hawley Pratt .
The Shetland Experience is a 1977 British short documentary film directed by Derek Williams , about environmental measures taken by the oil industry at the Sullom Voe Terminal in the Shetlands .
Linnaisten vihreä kamari is a Finnish film from 1945 directed by Valentin Vaala .
2000 Weeks ( aka . Two Thousand Weeks ) is a 1969 Australian drama film directed by Tim Burstall .
An Elastic Affair ( 1930 ) is a 10-minute short comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock which features the two winners--
The Freediver is a 2004 British drama film written and directed by Alki David .
Hell Ship Mutiny is a 1957 American South Seas film directed by Lee Sholem and Elmo Williams starring Jon Hall who also produced and narrated the film .
Vildledt Elskov is a 1911 Danish silent film directed by August Blom under the Nordisk Films banner .
Savkari Pash ( The Indian Shylock ) is Indian cinema 's 1925 social melodrama silent film directed by Baburao Painter .
Success Is the Best Revenge ( French : Le succès à tout prix ) is a 1984 French - British drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski .
Vacuuming Completely Nude in Paradise , is one of two TV films directed by Danny Boyle in 2001 ; the other was Strumpet .
El diputado is a 1978 Spanish drama film co - written and directed by Eloy de la Iglesia .
Saraswati Sabatham ( English : Saraswati 's Challenge ) is a 1966 Indian Tamil mythological film written and directed by A. P. Nagarajan .
Moomins on the Riviera is a 2014 Finnish - French animated family comedy film directed by Xavier Picard and produced by Hanna Hemilä , who is also co - director .
Main Chup Rahungi ( English : I Shall Remain Silent ) is a 1962 Indian Bollywood film directed by A. Bhimsingh and produced by A.V. Meiyappan .
Inga Enna Solluthu ( English : What does it say here ? ) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by Vincent Selva , and produced and written by VTV Ganesh who also plays the lead role , with Meera Jasmine and Santhanam in supporting roles .
Chenkol ( English : The Sceptre ) is a 1993 Malayalam drama film directed by Sibi Malayil and written by A. K. Lohithadas .
The Story of a Story is a 1915 American short fantasy film directed by Tod Browning .
Jaisurya is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2004 directed by Manoj Kumar .
Slap the Monster on Page One ( Italian : Sbatti il mostro in prima pagina ) is a 1972 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio .
Length of War ( Spanish : Longitud de guerra ) is a 1976 Mexican drama film directed by Gonzalo Martínez Ortega .
Rattle and Hum is the sixth studio album by rock band U2 , and a companion rockumentary film directed by Phil Joanou , both released in 1988 .
Manithan Maravillai ( English : The Man has not changed ) is 1962 Tamil drama film written , co - produced and directed by Aluri Chakrapani and produced by B. Nagireddy under Vijaya Productions .
Kelly + Victor is a 2012 British romantic drama film written and directed by Kieran Evans from Niall Griffiths ' novel of the same name .
His Lordship Goes to Press is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring June Clyde , Hugh Williams , Louise Hampton and Leslie Perrins .
Closet Land is a 1991 independent film written and directed by Radha Bharadwaj .
Miss Chauffeur ( German : Fräulein Chauffeur ) is a 1928 German comedy film directed by Jaap Speyer and starring Mady Christians , Johannes Riemann and Lotte Lorring .
Terribly Happy ( Danish : Frygtelig lykkelig ) is a 2008 Danish film directed by Henrik Ruben Genz , based on Erling Jepsen 's novel of the same name from 2004 .
The Blue Mountains Mystery is a lost 1921 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford and co - directed by Lottie Lyell .
Terror in the Crypt ( Italian : La cripta e l’incubo ) is a 1964 Italian - Spanish horror film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque .
Frauenmoral ( English : Women 's Morals , Dutch : Het recht tot trouwen ) is a 1923 German - Dutch silent film directed by Theo Frenkel .
The Actress , the Dollars and the Transylvanians ( Artista , dolarii şi ardelenii in Romanian ) is a 1979 Romanian film directed by Mircea Veroiu and scripted by Titus Popovici .
Buppah Rahtree ( Thai : บุปผาราตรี also Rahtree : Flower of the Night and Buppah Rahtree : Scent of the Night Flower ) is a 2003 Thai comedy - horror film written and directed by Yuthlert Sippapak .
The Flame Barrier is a 1958 American science fiction film directed by Paul Landres and written by Pat Fielder and George Worthing Yates .
Red to Kill ( Chinese : 弱殺 ; pinyin : ruò shā ) is a 1994 category III Hong Kong film directed by Billy Tang Hin - Shing .
A Warm December is a 1973 romance film directed by Sidney Poitier and starring him in the lead role as Dr. Matt Younger .
I Like Killing Flies is a 2004 documentary film produced , directed , filmed , and edited by Matt Mahurin .
The Mad Racer was a 1926 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director , Benjamin Stoloff .
Children of Rage is an 1975 film written and directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman ) , filmed mostly in Malta .
Constance aux enfers ( US title : Web of Fear ) is a 1963 French language motion picture crime thriller directed by François Villiers .
Scattergood Pulls the Strings is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Christy Cabanne and Bernard Schubert .
Lowell Sherman , the original director , had fallen ill while working on Night Life of the Gods before starting Becky Sharp , but had continued to work on the project ; he finally died of double pneumonia four weeks into production on Sharp .
Bikinisesongen ( Norwegian : The bikini season ) is a 1994 Norwegian comedy film directed by Runar Jarle Wiik , starring Thor - Ivar Forsland and Eduardo Verdu .
Stars at Noon ( French : Les Étoiles de midi ) is a 1959 French mountaineering film directed by Jacques Ertaud and Marcel Ichac .
Wings Over Africa is a 1936 British adventure film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Joan Gardner , Ian Colin , James Harcourt and James Carew .
How Far Away , How Near ( Polish : Jak daleko stąd , jak blisko ) is a 1972 film directed by Tadeusz Konwicki .
The Benchwarmers is a 2006 American sports - comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan .
Rythmetic is a 1956 Canadian short animated film directed by Norman McLaren and Evelyn Lambart .
Black Shampoo , later released as Sex at the Salon , is an American 1976 blaxploitation drama film directed by Greydon Clark and starring John Daniels .
All in This Tea is a 2007 documentary film co - directed by Les Blank and Gina Leibrecht , about Chinese tea .
Belle Épine is a 2010 French drama film and the directorial debut of Rebecca Zlotowski .
The Magnificent Adventurer ( Italian : Il magnifico avventuriero , French : L'aigle de Florence , Spanish : El magnífico aventurero , also known as The Burning of Rome ) is a 1963 Italian - French - Spanish adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda .
The Trip to Italy is a 2014 British comedy - drama film , written and directed by Michael Winterbottom .
Birugaali ( Kannada : ಬಿರುಗಾಳಿ ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada language action film written and directed by Harsha making his second directorial after Geleya .
De stille genieter ( English title : The Silent Hedonist ) is a Belgian comedy film directed , produced , co - written and edited by Edith Kiel .
Always Further On ( Spanish : Tarahumara ( Cada vez más lejos ) ) is a 1965 Mexican drama film directed by Luis Alcoriza .
Colors Straight Up is a 1997 American documentary film directed by Michèle Ohayon about the non - profit organization Colors United , which teaches drama to inner city youth .
Father of Four in the City ( Danish : Far til fire i byen ) is a 1956 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks .
The Ghost Patrol is a 1923 silent film drama directed by Nat Ross from a short story by Sinclair Lewis , produced and distributed by Universal Pictures .
Quick Pick is a 2006 comedy film directed by Will Vazquez .
Pelikán má alibi is a 1940 Czechoslovak criminal comedy film , directed by Miroslav Cikán .
Cohen vs. Rosi is a 1998 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Daniel Barone and written by Jacobo Langsner .
Le Monsieur , le Vampire et Renée Marcelle ( `` The Gentleman , the Vampire and Renée Marcelle '' ) is a 2009 short animated film produced by Gothique Studios and directed by Oscar Alvarado and Marta Vaquera .
La ciutat cremada ( The Burnt City ; Spanish title : La ciudad quemada ) is a 1976 Spanish historical film directed by Antoni Ribas .
Little Orvie is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Lynn Root , Frank Fenton and Robert Chapin .
The Elusive Summer of ' 68 ( Serbian : Варљиво лето ' 68 ) is a 1984 Yugoslav film directed by Goran Paskaljević .
In Satmar Custody ( 2003 ) is an independent propagande documentary film , written and directed by Nitzan Gilady .
Marumagan ( English : Son - in - law ) is a 1995 Tamil drama film directed by Manivasagam .
Coal Face is a 1935 British documentary film short directed by Alberto Cavalcanti .
Mirapakay ( English : Chilli ) is a blockbuster 2011 Telugu - language action comedy film , directed by Harish Shankar .
One or the Other of Us ( German : Einer von uns beiden ) is a 1974 West German film directed by Wolfgang Petersen .
Sins of the Fleshapoids is a 1965 underground film directed by Mike Kuchar .
Dil Mera Dhadkan Teri is 2013 Pakistani romantic drama telefilm directed by Mehreen Jabbar .
Bhai Bhai ( Odia : ଭାଇ ଭାଇ ) is a 1956 Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Nitai Palit .
Bomb It is an international graffiti and street art documentary directed by award - winning director Jon Reiss and premiered at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival .
Journey to the South Pacific is a 2013 IMAX Documentary film directed by Greg MacGillivray .
Living Buddhas ( German : Lebende Buddhas ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Paul Wegener and starring Wegener , Asta Nielsen and Käthe Haack .
The Diaries of Vaslav Nijinsky is a 2001 Australian film written , shot , directed and edited by Paul Cox about Vaslav Nijinsky , based on the premier danseur 's published diaries .
The Great Meadow is a 1931 sound film adventure produced and distributed by MGM with direction by Charles Brabin .
Captain Voyeur ( 1969 ) was the first short film by director John Carpenter while a student at USC Cinema .
Hoosiers is a 1986 sports film written by Angelo Pizzo and directed by David Anspaugh .
A Big Family ( Russian : Большая семья , translit . Bolshaya semya ) is a 1954 Soviet drama film directed by Iosif Kheifits .
If Someone Had Known is a 1995 American television drama film based on a true story , directed by Eric Laneuville .
The Barons ( French : Les Barons ) is a 2009 Belgian comedy film directed by Nabil Ben Yadir .
Ek Bar Bolo Uttam Kumar ( Bengali : একবার বলো উত্তম কুমার ) is a 2009 comedy Bengali film directed by Chinmoy Roy .
Mama , I 'm Alive ( German : Mama , ich lebe ) is a 1977 East German film directed by Konrad Wolf .
Buddha Mar Gaya is a 2007 Bollywood comedy film by Rahul Rawail .
Cheech & Chong 's Next Movie is the second feature - length film by Cheech & Chong , released in 1980 by Universal Studios , and directed by Tommy Chong .
Neapolitan Mystery ( Italian : Giallo napoletano ) is a 1979 Italian mystery film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
Tick Tock Lullaby is a British film of 2007 written and directed by Lisa Gornick .
Ti presento un amico is a 2010 Italian film directed by Carlo Vanzina .
Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick ( 2008 ) is a 3-D computer - animated Lego movie directed by Peder Pedersen .
Thunveni Yamaya ( English : Third Part of the Night ) is a 1983 black - and - white , Sri Lankan film directed by Dharmasiri Bandaranayake .
Go Get ' Em Hutch is a 1922 American drama film serial directed by George B. Seitz .
A Tanítónő is a 1945 Hungarian drama film directed by Márton Keleti .
Greenkeeping is a 1992 Australian film directed by David Caesar .
Hanuman Patal Vijay ( Hindi : हनुमान पाताल विजय , `` Hanuman 's Victory Over Hell '' ) is a 1951 Hindi mythological film directed by Homi Wadia for his Basant Pictures banner .
Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans is 1993 Malayalam political film by Shaji Kailas .
Everything but the Truth is a 1956 film comedy directed by Jerry Hopper .
Money and the Woman is a 1940 American drama film directed by William K. Howard and written by Robert Presnell Sr ..
Chirutha ( English : Leopard ) is a 2007 Indian Telugu action film directed by Puri Jagannadh .
The Haunted Strangler ( also known as Grip of the Strangler and originally titled The Judas Hole ) is a 1958 British horror film directed by Robert Day .
Hunter 's Prayer , is an upcoming American action thriller film directed by Jonathan Mostow , based on the 2004 novel For the Dogs by Kevin Wignall .
Half Way to Heaven is a 1929 American Pre - Code drama film directed by George Abbott and written by Abbott , Henry Leyford Gates and Gerald Geraghty .
Dead Men Do n't Count ( Spanish : ¿ Quién grita venganza ? , Italian : I morti non si contano , also known as Cry for Revenge ) is a 1968 Spanish - Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Rafael Romero Marchent .
Big Fat Gypsy Gangster is a straight - to - DVD British comedy film directed , produced , written by and starring Ricky Grover .
Veseto and the black and white happiness is a 2009 short film produced by Annie Apostolova and directed by Ivaylo Brusovski .
Riverburn is a 2004 short film directed by Jennifer Calvert , that won her Best Young Canadian Director of a Short Film at the 2004 Vancouver International Film Festival .
Ali Bhai ( English : Ali Brother ) is a 2007 Malayalam Indian action - drama film , directed by Shaji Kailas and written by T.A. Shahid .
Tale of Cinema is the sixth film by critically acclaimed South Korean director Hong Sang - soo .
O Guaraní is a 1926 Brazilian drama film directed by Vittorio Capellaro based on a novel by José de Alencar .
Jeremy Hardy vs. the Israeli Army is a 2003 feature documentary directed by Leila Sansour and starring Jeremy Hardy .
Sparkling Fox ( Chinese : 火狐 , translit . Huo Ho ) is a 1994 drama film directed by Wu Ziniu .
16 Days of Glory is a 1986 documentary film by Bud Greenspan about the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California , USA .
We 're Not Married ! is a 1952 American romantic comedy film , directed by Edmund Goulding and released by 20th Century Fox .
Madame la Presidente is a surviving 1916 silent film comedy produced by Oliver Morosco and directed by Frank Lloyd .
The Rip - Off ( Italian : Controrapina , also known as The Squeeze , Diamond Thieves , The Heist and The Big Rip - Off ) is a 1980 Italian - West German film directed by Antonio Margheriti .
Last Exit to Earth is a 1996 American film directed by Katt Shea for Roger Corman .
Bhagyavantha ( Kannada : ಭಾಗ್ಯವಂತ ) is a 1981 Kannada drama film directed and written by B. S. Ranga .
The Band Concert was directed by Wilfred Jackson and featured adapted music by Leigh Harline .
Blow to the Heart ( Italian : Colpire al cuore ) is a 1982 Italian drama film directed by Gianni Amelio .
Hami Tin Bhai ( also Haami Teen Bhai ) ( Nepali : हामी तीन भाई , English : We Three Brothers ) is a Nepali action , comedy film directed by Shiva Regmi .
For Cash is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Lon Chaney .
39 Pounds of Love is a film written and directed by Dani Menkin , with co - writer , Ilan Heitner .
Adutha Veettu Penn ( English : The Girl Next Door ) is a 1960 Indian Tamil comedy film , directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah .
Ennu Swantham Janakikutty is a 1998 Malayalam movie written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan .
Should a Woman Divorce ? is a 1914 silent film written by Ivan Abramson and directed by Edwin McKim , and starring Lea Leland and Leonid Samoloff .
We Three Debutantes ( Swedish : Vi tre debutera ) is a 1953 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman .
The Joint Brothers or Les Frères Pétard is a French film directed by Hervé Palud released in 1986 .
I , a Man ( 1967 ) is an 1967 American film written , directed and photographed by Andy Warhol .
Love Letter to Edie is a 1975 short documentary by Robert Maier .
In the Soup is a 1992 independent film comedy directed by Alexandre Rockwell .
See China and Die ( released in Europe as Hearsay ) is a 1981 television film written , produced and directed by Larry Cohen .
Of Time and the City is a 2008 documentary collage film directed by Terence Davies .
Perché quelle strane gocce di sangue sul corpo di Jennifer?/ Why Those Strange Drops of Blood on Jennifer 's Body?(internationally released as The Case of the Bloody Iris and Erotic Blue ) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo .
Djaoeh Dimata ( ( dʒaˈu diˈmata ) ; Perfected Spelling : Jauh Dimata ; Indonesian for Out of Sight ) is a 1948 film from what is now Indonesia written and directed by Andjar Asmara for the South Pacific Film Corporation ( SPFC ) .
Taken for a Ride is a documentary film by Martha Olson and Jim Klein about the Great American Streetcar Scandal .
Letter from the Dead ( Danish : Brevet fra afdøde ) is a 1946 Danish family film directed by Johan Jacobsen .
The Penthouse is a 1967 film directed by Peter Collinson .
December-1 ( Kannada : ಡಿಸೆಂಬರ್-1 ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada film written and directed by P. Sheshadri starring Niveditha , Santosh Uppina and H. G. Dattatreya in lead roles .
Outpost of the Mounties is a 1939 American western film , directed by Charles C. Coleman .
Playing Soldiers ( Serbo - Croatian : Mali vojnici ) is a 1967 Yugoslav film directed by Bahrudin Čengić .
Obama Anak Menteng ( also known as Little Obama ) is a 2010 biopic drama film written and directed by Indonesian author Damien Dematra in collaboration with John de Rantau .
The Great Swindle is a 1971 Spanish - Italian thriller film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde .
Oridathoru Puzhayundu is a 2008 Malayalam environmental film directed by Kalavoor Ravikumar , written and screenplay by Jiju Asokan starring K.B.Venu , Jenny ( Meera Jasmine 's sister ) , Jayasree Sivadas , Goutham Babu , Balachandran Chullikad etc . The film is based on a real - life incident and is dedicated to the people of Plachimada .
Bedstemor går amok is a 1944 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks .
Lover 's Grief over the Yellow River ( simplified Chinese : 黄河绝恋 ; traditional Chinese : 黃河絕戀 ; pinyin : Húanghé júeliàn ) is a 1999 Chinese film directed by Feng Xiaoning .
Dog Altogether is the first short film to be entirely written and directed by Paddy Considine .
Massacre Mafia Style ( also known as The Executioner or Like Father , Like Son ) is a 1974 independent film written , directed and produced by Italian - American crooner - actor Duke Mitchell .
Heart and Guts ( Portuguese : Das Tripas Coração ) is a 1982 Brazilian comedy film directed by Ana Carolina .
The Island Monster ( Italian : Il mostro dell'isola , also known as Island Monster and The Monster of the Island ) is a 1954 Italian thriller film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero .
Sad Story of Self Supporting Child ( 저 하늘에도 슬픔이 - Jeo haneuledo seulpeumi ) aka Sorrow in the Heavens is a 1965 South Korean film directed by Kim Soo - yong .
The Don Juans ( Czech : Donšajni , also known as Skirt Chasers ) is a 2013 Czech comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel .
Brigade des mœurs ( French : Vice Squad ) ( 1985 ) is a French B movie by Max Pécas .
Neelakasham Pachakadal Chuvanna Bhoomi ( English : Blue Sky , Green Sea , Red Earth ) is a 2013 Malayalam thriller road movie directed and co - produced by Sameer Thahir and written by Hashir Muhammad .
Ocean 's 11 is a 1960 heist film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring five Rat Packers :
The Mandarin Mystery is a 1936 American film directed by Ralph Staub , loosely based on The Chinese Orange Mystery , a novel featuring detective character Ellery Queen .
The Prosecutor Hallers ( French : Le procureur Hallers ) is a 1930 French drama film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Jean - Max , Colette Darfeuil and Suzanne Delmas .
Learn by Heart ( French : La Vie en grande ) is a 2015 French comedy - drama film directed by Mathieu Vadepied .
A Safe Proposition is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring A.W. Baskcomb , Barbara Gott , Harold French and Austin Trevor .
Amori pericolosi is a 1964 Italian anthology comedy film consisting of three segments directed by Alfredo Giannetti , Carlo Lizzani and Giulio Questi .
Little City is a 1997 comedy / romance film written and directed by Roberto Benabib .
The Silver Fleet ( 1943 ) is a British film written and directed by Vernon Sewell and Gordon Wellesley and produced by Powell & Pressburger under the banner of The Archers .
The Iron Heel of Oligarchy ( Russian : Железная пята олигархии Zheleznaya pyata oligarkhii ) is a 1999 Russian drama film directed by and starring Aleksandr Bashirov .
Bugs Bunny Nips the Nips is a Merrie Melodies animated cartoon directed by Friz Freleng , produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions , and released to theaters on April 22 , 1944 by Warner Bros. and The Vitaphone Corporation .
Killadi is a 2015 Indian Tamil action film directed by A. Venkatesh , and produced by Salem Chandrasekharan .
Lost in Siberia is a 1991 film by Alexander Mitta which was an Anglo - Russian co - production .
Chhayamoy or Chayamoy is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and based on Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay 's novel of the same title .
King of the Children ( Chinese : 孩子王 ; pinyin : Háizǐ Wáng ) is a 1987 drama film directed by Chen Kaige and starring Chen Shaohua .
If Footmen Tire You , What Will Horses Do ? is a 1971 Christian film directed by Ron Ormond .
What Fools Men is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Lewis Stone , Shirley Mason and Ethel Grey Terry .
Panithirai ( Tamil : பனித்திரை ) is a 1961 Indian Tamil film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha V. Ramasasmy .
Cesar 's Last Fast is a 2014 American documentary film co - directed and produced by Richard Ray Perez and Lorena Parlee .
Back Long Ago ( Spanish : Allá lejos y hace tiempo ) is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Ricardo Becher and written by Guillermo Enrique Hudson , with George Sherry Zabrieskie .
Morecambe Church Lads ' Brigade at Drill is a 1901 British short silent documentary film , directed by James Kenyon and Sagar Mitchell , showing the parade drill of the Morecambe Church Lads ' Brigade on 3 July 1901 .
These Girls Are Missing is a 1995 documentary film from directors Shari Robertson and Michael Camerini about the gender gap in education in Africa .
All the Real Girls is a 2003 American romantic drama film written and directed by David Gordon Green and is about the romance between a young , small - town womanizer and his best friend 's sexually inexperienced younger sister .
An Act of War ( original title : The Projectionist ) is a 2015 American thriller film written and directed by Ryan M. Kennedy and produced by Atit Shah .
Directed and produced by David L. Williams Beyond the Pole was shot on floating sea ice off the coast of Greenland , and stars an acclaimed cast of actors and comedians including :
Baaja ( Mouth Organ ; Hindi : बाजा ) is a 2002 Indian Hindi film directed by Apurba Kishore Bir .
Bach 's Fight for Freedom is a 1995 Devine Entertainment production created by David Devine and Richard Mozer for HBO Original Films of New York and directed by Stuart Gillard .
Battle Beyond the Stars is an American 1980 science fiction film directed by Jimmy T. Murakami and produced by Roger Corman .
Tirugu Leni Manishi ( Telugu : తిరుగులేని మనిషి ) is a 1981 Telugu film , Produced by K. Devi Vara Prasad on Devi Film Productions , directed by K. Raghavendra Rao .
Lady Be Careful is a 1936 American drama film directed by Theodore Reed and written by Dorothy Parker , Alan Campbell and Harry Ruskin .
More About Nostradamus is a 1941 American short film directed by David Miller .
Officer Pooch is a 1941 short cartoon produced by Fred Quimby , directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and distributed by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
They Wanted to Marry is a 1937 romantic comedy film directed by Lew Landers from a screenplay by Paul Yawitz and Ethel Borden , based on a story by Larry Bachmann and Daniel L. Teilhet .
The Youth of Maxim ( Russian : Юность Максима ) is a 1935 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg , the first part of trilogy about the life of a young factory worker named Maxim .
Henry Gamble 's Birthday Party is a 2015 drama film written and directed by Stephen Cone .
A Movie is a 1958 experimental collage film in which Bruce Conner put together snippets of found footage , taken from B - movies , newsreels , soft - core pornography , novelty short films , and other sources , to a musical score featuring Respighi 's Pines of Rome .
Just Joe is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Leslie Randall , Joan Reynolds , Michael Shepley and Anna May Wong .
The Carey Treatment is a 1972 film by Blake Edwards based on the novel A Case of Need credited to Jeffery Hudson , a pseudonym for Michael Crichton .
Premada Kanike ( Kannada : ಪ್ರೇಮದ ಕಾಣಿಕೆ ) is a 1976 Indian Kannada thriller film directed by V. Somashekhar and produced by Jayadevi .
Olave Jeevana Lekkachaara ! ( Kannada : ಒಲವೇ ಜೀವನ ಲೆಕ್ಕಾಚಾರ ! ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada language film directed by Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar .
I Met My Love Again ( 1938 ) is an American romantic drama film distributed by United Artists , directed by Joshua Logan , Arthur Ripley and George Cukor .
Meat Weed Madness is a 2006 film written and directed by North Carolina - based writer / director Aiden Dillard .
Mr. and Mrs. Kabal 's Theatre ( Théâtre de Monsieur & Madame Kabal ) is a 1967 French animated film directed by Walerian Borowczyk .
Hunting Humans is a 2002 horror film written and directed by Kevin Kangas .
Baba Keno Chakar is a 1998 Drama Blockbuster Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha under the banner of Anjali Films .
Burari Bura - bura Monogatari ( in Japanese characters : ぶらりぶらぶら物語 ) is a 1962 Japanese comedy film directed by Zenzo Matsuyama .
Go Chase Yourself is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and written by Paul Yawitz and Bert Granet .
It 's a Long Road ( Όλα είναι δρόμος ) is a 1998 film by Greek film director Pantelis Voulgaris .
All 's Well , Ends Well is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Clifton Ko .
Brihonnola is a 2014 Bangladeshi Feature film directed , produced and written by Murad Parvez based on religion crisis .
Life on a Thread ( Spanish : La vida en un hilo ) is a 1945 Spanish comedy film written , directed and produced by Edgar Neville .
Femme Fatale , Jang Hee - bin or Concubine Jang Hui - bin ( Hangul : 요화 장희빈 ; RR : Yohwa , Jang Hee - bin ) is a 1968 South Korean film directed by I m Kwon - taek .
I tre corsari is a 1952 Italian adventure film directed by Mario Soldati .
When Gangland Strikes is a 1956 American crime film directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by John K. Butler and Frederick Louis Fox .
It 's Hard to Be Good is a 1948 British comedy film directed by Jeffrey Dell and starring Jimmy Hanley , Anne Crawford and Raymond Huntley .
South of Pico is a 2007 drama film written and directed by Ernst Gossner set in Los Angeles .
Victims and Murderers ( Czech : Oběti a vrazi ) is a 2000 Czech drama film directed by Andrea Sedláčková .
Kaalia ( Hindi : कालिया ) is a 1981 Bollywood action film , written and directed by Tinnu Anand , the film was produced by Iqbal Singh .
Just One of the Guys is a 1985 comedy film , directed by Lisa Gottlieb .
Nuvvante Naakishtam is a 2005 Telugu romance film written , produced and directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana .
All the Vermeers in New York is a 1990 American film written , directed and produced by Jon Jost .
Invasion 1700 ( Italian : Col ferro e col fuoco , French : Par le fer et par le feu , also known as With Fire and Sword and Daggers of Blood ) is a 1962 Italian - French historical epic film directed by Fernando Cerchio .
Sorrow and Joy ( Danish : Sorg og glæde ) is a 2013 Danish drama film directed by Nils Malmros .
Il tempo degli avvoltoi ( also known as Last of the Badmen , Time of Vultures and No Tears for a Killer ) is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Nando Cicero .
Mera Pind ( English : My village ) is a Punjabi film released on 20 September 2008 , directed and produced Manmohan Singh .
The Chekist ( Russian : Чекист ) is a 1992 Russian drama film directed by Aleksandr Rogozhkin .
The Best of Walt Disney 's True - Life Adventures is a 1975 American compilation - documentary film produced by Walt Disney Productions , directed by James Algar and released by Buena Vista Distribution on October 8 , 1975 .
Nuan ( Chinese : 暖 ; pinyin : Nuǎn ) is a 2003 Chinese film directed by Huo Jianqi .
Historias mínimas ( English : Minimal Stories and Intimate Stories ) is a 2002 Argentine and Spanish drama film , directed by Carlos Sorín and written by Pablo Solarz .
14 Carrot Rabbit is an animated cartoon short in the Looney Tunes series featuring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam ( here as Chilkoot Sam ) , directed by Friz Freleng and first released March 15 , 1952 .
Confessions of a Superhero is a 2007 documentary film directed by Matthew Ogens about costumed superheroes on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
Lina 's Wedding ( Norwegian : Jentespranget ) is a 1973 Danish - Norwegian drama film directed by Knud Leif Thomsen .
Yevadu ( English : Who is he ? ) is a 2014 Indian Telugu action film co - written and directed by Vamsi Paidipally .
Madame Louise ( also titled `` The Madame Gambles '' ) , is a 1951 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and produced by Ernest G. Roy and starring Richard Hearne , Petula Clark , Garry Marsh and Richard Gale .
Ugramm ( Kannada : ಉಗ್ರಂ ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada action thriller film directed by Prashanth Neel and produced under the banner Inkfinite Pictures with his brother Pradeep Neel as the executive producer .
By Killing ( Spanish : Orden de matar ) is a 1965 Argentine film directed by Román Viñoly Barreto .
Foxcatcher is a 2014 American biographical sports and true crime drama film produced and directed by Bennett Miller .
Nizhalkuthu ( English : Shadow Kill , French : Le Serviteur de Kali , Malayalam : നിഴല്‍ക്കുത്ത് ) is a 2002 Indian film directed , written and co - produced by Adoor Gopalakrishnan .
Vaadamalli is a Malayalam thriller film directed by Alberrt Antoni after his critically acclaimed debut film Kanne Madanguka .
Premanu Apedevaru is a 2014 psychological drama Telugu short film written and directed by Sreekanth Vanga .
El mejor papá del mundo was a black and white Lumiton film directed by Francisco Múgica and written by Sixto Pondal Ríos .
Le guêpier is a 1976 French - Italian film , directed by Roger Pigaut .
Tragico convegno is an Italian silent movie with colour tinting by director Ivo Illuminati produced in 1915 .
First Cousin Once Removed is a 2012 documentary film directed by Alan Berliner .
The Weaker Sex is a 1948 British drama film directed by Roy Ward Baker .
According to Screenonline , `` The gentle comedy of manners and unexpected reversal of white and black stereotypes in Playing Away contrasts sharply with the stylistic experimentation and the militant denunciations of racial prejudice in director Horace Ové 's earlier feature , Pressure ( 1975 ) . ''
John Hopkins the Third ( German : Die verschwundene Million ) is a 1921 German film directed by Wolfgang Neff and featuring Béla Lugosi .
It was directed by Guel Arraes , and is based on the 1964 play Lisbela e o Prisioneiro by Osman Lins .
Goldengirl is a 1979 film directed by Joseph Sargent , based on the science - fiction novel of the same title by Peter Lear , a pseudonym of Peter Lovesey .
West Bank Story is a comedy / musical short film , directed by Ari Sandel , co - written by Sandel and Kim Ray , produced by Pascal Vaguelsy , Amy Kim , Ashley Jordan , Ravi Malhotra , Bill Boland , and featuring choreography by Ramon Del Barrio .
Spaceways , directed by Terence Fisher , was filmed entirely in England by the Hammer company , with Michael Carreras as producer - of - record and American Robert L. Lippert as uncredited co - producer , from a screenplay by Paul Tabori and Richard Landau based on a radio play by Charles Eric Maine .
September Dawn is a 2007 Canadian - American Western drama film directed by Christopher Cain , telling a fictional love story against a controversial historical interpretation of the 1857 Mountain Meadows massacre .
Ma and Pa Kettle at Waikiki is a 1955 American comedy film directed by Lee Sholem .
28 Weeks Later was co - written and directed by Juan Carlos Fresnadillo , with Danny Boyle and Alex Garland , director and writer of 28 Days Later respectively , now acting as executive producers .
Ud i den kolde sne is a 1934 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks .
George and Rosemary is a 1987 animated short co - directed by Alison Snowden and David Fine , about two `` golden agers '' who prove that passion is not exclusively for the young .
Lanka Dahan ( English : Lanka Aflame ) is a 1917 Indian silent film directed by Dhundiraj Govind Phalke ( Dadasaheb Phalke ) .
The Raspberry Reich is a 2004 film by director Bruce LaBruce which explores what LaBruce calls `` terrorist chic '' , cult dynamics , and the `` innate radical potential of homosexual expression '' .
Harold and Maude is a 1971 American romantic dark comedy directed by Hal Ashby and released by Paramount Pictures .
The Count of Charolais ( German : Der Graf von Charolais ) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Karl Grune and starring Eva May , William Dieterle and Eugen Klöpfer .
Traitor Spy is a 1939 British wartime thriller film directed by Walter Summers and starring Bruce Cabot , Marta Labarr , Tamara Desni and Edward Lexy .
Keelu Bommalu ( Telugu : కీలుబొమ్మలు ) is a 1965 Telugu film directed by C. S. Rao and produced by P.Gangadhara Rao of Hyderabad Films .
Adesuwa ( A Wasted Lust ) is a 2012 Nigerian historical film produced and directed by Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen .
Mendadak Dangdut ( Suddenly Dangdut ) is a 2006 Indonesian dramatic - comedy film directed by Rudy Soedjarwo and written by Monty Tiwa .
The Story of Jacob and Joseph is a 1974 American historical drama television film directed by Michael Cacoyannis , based on the biblical Book of Genesis with a screenplay written by Ernest Kinoy .
Manidharil Manikkam ( Tamil : மனிதரில் மாணிக்கம் ) is a 1973 Indian Tamil film , directed by C. V. Rajendran .
Die Liebe und der Co - Pilot is an East German romantic comedy film directed by Richard Groschopp .
Africadalli Sheela is a 1986 Indian Kannada fantasy - adventure film written , directed and produced by Dwarakish .
Adiós Buenos Aires ( English language : Goodbye Buenos Aires ) is a 1938 Argentine musical film directed and written by Leopoldo Torres Ríos .
Dr. Siva ( Tamil : டாக்டர் சிவா ) is a 1975 Indian Tamil film , directed and produced by A. C. Tirulokchandar .
Leszno Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo leszczyńskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland from 1975 to 1998 , superseded by Greater Poland Voivodeship .
The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies lasted from 1816 until 1860 , when it was annexed by the Kingdom of Sardinia to form the Kingdom of Italy in 1861 .
The First Brazilian Republic or República Velha ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʁeˈpublikɐ ˈvɛʎɐ ) , `` Old Republic '' ) is the period of Brazilian history from 1889 to 1930 .
In 1955 , most of the western wing was combined to form a new West Pakistan province while East Bengal became the new province of East Pakistan .
The Mills Corporation was a publicly traded real estate investment trust headquartered in Arlington , Virginia , United States , acquired on April 3 , 2007 by an investment group composed of Simon Property Group and Farallon Capital Management .
Celltech was acquired by UCB , a Belgian drugmaker , in 2004 .
Piotrków Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo piotrkowskie ) was a voivodeship , or unit of administrative division and local government , in Poland from 1975 to 1998 , superseded by Łódź Voivodeship .
The Archbishopric of Magdeburg was a Roman Catholic archdiocese ( 969 - -1552 ) and Prince - Archbishopric ( 1180 - -1680 ) of the Holy Roman Empire centered on the city of Magdeburg on the Elbe River .
SynOptics Communications was a Santa Clara , California - based early computer network equipment vendor from 1985 until 1994 .
The Relief Committee for Greeks of Asia Minor ( 1917 - -1921 ) was a relief organization established during World War I in response to the genocide of Greeks in the Ottoman Empire .
The Mexican Empire ( Spanish : Imperio Mexicano ) or Second Mexican Empire ( Spanish : Segundo Imperio Mexicano ) was the name of Mexico under the regime established from 1864 to 1867 .
It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index but in 1992 it was taken over by HSBC Holdings plc , who phased out the Midland Bank name in 1999 in favour of HSBC Bank .
The Arab Federation of Iraq and Jordan was a short - lived country that was formed in 1958 from the union of Iraq and Jordan .
Dutch Malacca ( 1641 - -1825 ) was the longest period that Malacca was under foreign control .
The Republic of Genoa ( Italian : Repubblica di Genova , Ligurian : Repúbrica de Zêna ) was an independent state from 1005 to 1797 in Liguria on the northwestern Italian coast , incorporating Corsica from 1347 to 1768 , and numerous other territories throughout the Mediterranean .
Formed as the North Eastern Electricity Board ( NEEB ) in 1948 as part of the nationalisation of the electricity industry by the Electricity Act 1947 , it was privatised in 1990 and renamed as Northern Electric
In 1867 territories of the Augustów Governorate and the Płock Governorate were divided into a smaller Płock Governorate , Suwałki Governorate ( consisting mostly of the Augustów Governorate territories ) and recreated Łomża Governorate .
The Home Rule League ( 1873 - -1882 ) , sometimes called the Home Rule Party or the Home Rule Confederation , was a political party which campaigned for home rule for Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , when it was replaced by the Irish Parliamentary Party .
The Delhi Sultanate was a Muslim kingdom based mostly in Delhi that stretched over large parts of the Indian subcontinent for 320 years ( 1206 - -1526 ) .
Waalo was conquered in 1855 by the French , in a campaign of Governor Louis Faidherbe .
The assets of the board were transferred to Northern Electric plc in March 1990 , and the company was privatised in December of the same year .
On 13 August 2005 , InterVideo acquired Ulead Systems for approximately $ 68 million and announced its merger with Ulead on July 9 , 2006 .
Revue Arcadie remained in continuous publication until 1982 when the laws regarding homosexual conduct were changed to be identical with those relating to heterosexual behavior .
In 1998 , the Welfare Party was banned from politics by the Constitutional Court of Turkey for violating the separation of religion and state as mandated by the constitution .
St. Clare 's Priory , Stockholm , was a Roman Catholic nunnery of the Poor Clares in Stockholm , Sweden , that was active from 1289 to the Swedish Reformation in 1527 .
EasyCruise ended operations in early 2010 .
Gemco operated from 1959 until closing in late 1986 .
The Taifa of Málaga was a Muslim taifa kingdom in what is now southern Spain , which existed for four distinct time - periods : from 1026 to 1057 , from 1073 to 1090 , from 1145 to 1153 and from 1229 to 1239 when it was finally conquered by Granada .
Tradewest was acquired by WMS Industries ( the owners of the Williams and Midway brands ) in April 1994 , and a new company called Williams Entertainment , Inc. was formed with Rowe and the two Cooks as its heads , thus signaling the end of Tradewest as a company .
Army Group Vistula ( German : ' Heeresgruppe Weichsel ' ) was an Army Group of the Wehrmacht , formed on 24 January 1945 .
Infernal Bridegroom Productions ( IBP ) was a theater company located in Houston , Texas , formed in 1993 and dissolved in 2007 .
Dzhevanshirsky Uyezd ( Russian : Джеванширский уезд ) also spelled as Jevanshir Uyezd , was one of the uyezds ( administrative divisions ) of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire , with its center in Tartar in 1869 - -1918 .
Maersk completed the buyout of the company on 13 August 2005 , Royal P&O Nedlloyd shares terminated trading on 5 September .
The Eastern Roman Empire endured for another thousand years , eventually falling to the Ottoman Turks in 1453 .
Berolina Film ( often shortened to Berolina ) was a film production company which operated in West Germany between 1948 and 1964 .
The Rexist Party ( French : Parti Rexiste ) , or simply Rex , was a far - right Catholic , nationalist , authoritarian and corporatist political party active in Belgium from 1935 until 1945 .
East Berlin existed between 1949 and 1990 .
The Dean of Wolverhampton was the head of the chapter of Canons at St. Peter 's Collegiate Church , Wolverhampton until the chapter was disestablished in 1846 .
Federal Employees ' Distributing Company , known as Fedco , was a membership department store chain that operated in Southern California from 1948 to 1999 .
In 2004 , following Cingular 's acquisition of AT&T Wireless Services , BellSouth Mobility ceased to exist when it was legally merged into New Cingular Wireless PCS , LLC , the renamed former operating subsidiary of AT&T Wireless Services .
The 19th and last staging of the festival , the 2008 NatFilm Festival , occurred between March 28 and April 6 , 2008 .
In 2009 , GUN Records announced they were closing .
After the war Otto Ites matriculated at the University of Bonn in the winter semester 1946/47 .
Bernard de Wit studied theoretical physics at Utrecht University , where he got his PhD under supervision of Nobel Prize laureate Martinus Veltman in 1973 .
Roger Paulin is an emeritus professor of German at the University of Cambridge .
Cary Burkett attended the University of Texas at Austin and earned a BFA degree in theater .
Tonya Cornelisse earned her BFA in Theatre from the New York University Tisch School of Performing Arts along with a degree in psychology .
After her PhD , Papiya Ghosh taught History at Daulat Ram College ( Delhi University ) briefly , and then at the Hindu College , University of Delhi for two years .
Paul Danielson received his bachelor 's degree from Florida State University in 1968 and a law degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law .
Lonnie Thompson ( born July 1 , 1948 ) , is an American paleoclimatologist and Distinguished University Professor in the School of Earth Sciences at The Ohio State University .
Saka Acquaye 's break finally came in1953 and he left the shores of the Gold Coast to pursue further studies at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts .
James O'Neill Humphreys , Sr . , usually known as Jim Humphreys ( February 28 , 1921 -- June 9 , 2007 ) , was a prominent Texas rancher and the former board chairman of the National Ranching Heritage Center , an entity of Texas Tech University in Lubbock .
Samson Samsonov graduated from Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in 1951 , where he studied under Sergei Gerasimov .
From 1984 to 1991 , Kathrin Becker studied art history and Slavic languages at the Ruhr University Bochum , the Moscow State University , and the Leningrad State University .
Dr. Neil Foley graduated from the University of Virginia and earned a M.A. from Georgetown University .
Robert Winsor grew up in a home that doubled as his mother 's school , and was later educated at Phillips Exeter Academy , graduating from Harvard University in 1880 .
Mike Nguyen received his BFA in character animation at the California Institute of the Arts in 1988 .
He was born on October 20 , 1907 to Cora Terry ( Wells ) and Hugh Meade Alcorn Sr . He attended Dartmouth College and Yale Law School .
Egidijus Kūris graduated from the Faculty of Law in Vilnius University in 1984 , where he continued to work as a lecturer until 1994 .
Ewart Grogan was educated at Winchester College and Jesus College , Cambridge , which he left without taking a degree .
Maureen Reed ( born April 10 , 1953 ) is a physician who was the chair of the Board of Regents of the University of Minnesota , Director of the Parks and Trails Council of Minnesota , and Medical Director and Vice - President of the not - for - profit health care provider HealthPartners .
Barnaby Evans received his bachelor 's degree in biology and environmental science from Brown University in 1975 , where he was a member of the Brown Association for Cooperative Housing .
At the Art Students League of New York Susan Weil studied with Vaclav Vytlacil and Morris Kantor .
Nowell Myres was educated at Winchester College and then New College , Oxford and was president of the Oxford University Archaeological Society in 1923 .
Dr. Tariq Mustafa is a graduate of University of London where he received his Bachelor of Science ( B.S. ) in mechanical engineering with first class honours while also doing an engineering apprenticeship at the Royal Arsenal in Woolwich .
Harvey Proctor himself was born in Pontefract in West Yorkshire , going to the Scarborough High School for Boys and then the University of York where he read History .
Richard Bulstrode was born at Astley , Warwickshire , and educated at Pembroke College , Cambridge .
He had a twin sister , Ann . Derrick Bailey was educated at Winchester College , where he was in the cricket eleven as a right - handed batsman in 1936 .
Thomas Briscoe ( 30 June 1813 -- 16 February 1895 ) was a Welsh priest and scholar , who was a Fellow of Jesus College , Oxford for 25 years and Vicar of Holyhead for 37 years .
Sven - Eric Liedman ( born 1939 ) is a Swedish author and Professor Emeritus of History of Ideas at the University of Gothenburg in Gothenburg , Sweden .
James Surtees Phillpotts ( 1839 - 1930 ) was an author , Fellow of New College , Oxford , and Headmaster of Bedford School .
Georg Feigl started studying mathematics and physics at the University of Jena in 1909 .
Dorothy M. Meletzke was educated at the Jackson College for Women at Tufts University , receiving a B.A. in History in 1962 .
Euan Edworthy was educated at Ampleforth College , UK , and graduated from the University of Wales , Cardiff , in 1991 with a degree in Politics and History .
Kim Vicente is an inactive professor of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering at the University of Toronto .
Barbara Harff ( born in Kassel , Germany ; Ph.D. Northwestern University , 1981 ) is Professor of Political Science Emerita at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland .
After completing his education in media studies in King Saud University in 1981 , Turki bin Sultan received a master of arts degree from Syracuse University in international communications in 1983 where he was awarded the title of outstanding graduate student .
Guillermo Owen was born May 4 , 1938 , in Bogotá , Colombia , and obtained a B.S. degree from Fordham University in 1958 , and a Ph.D. degree from Princeton University under the guidance of Dr. Harold Kuhn , in 1962 .
John H. McArthur ( born ca 1935 ) is an American organizational theorist , Professor of Business Administration and Dean Emeritus of the Harvard Business School .
Irakli Alasania graduated from the Tbilisi State University with a degree in international law in 1995 .
Dr. Jon Nese is an Assistant Professor and Associate Head of Undergraduate Programs in the Department of Meteorology at The Pennsylvania State University .
John Vicars ( 1582 , London -- 12 April 1652 , Christ 's Hospital , Greyfriars , London ) was an English contemporary biographer , poet and polemicist of the English Civil War .
Born in 1956 , Vineet Narain had his primary education in Western Uttar Pradesh and did his higher studies from Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi .
The University of Michigan Law School awards the Craig Spangenberg Oral Advocacy Award in recognition of his trial advocacy legacy .
James Baba holds the degree of Bachelor of Arts in History , from Makerere University , Uganda 's oldest public university .
Melanie Hebert attended Dominican High School and the New Orleans Center for Creative Arts before attending Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge .
He matriculated at Magdalen College , Oxford , where he simplified his name to Chris Huhne and where he was a Demy .
Born the son of Charles Hoare ( 1844 - -1898 ) , Senior Partner of C. Hoare & Co , Reginald Hoare was educated at Eton College and joined the diplomatic service in 1905 .
Shannon O'Hurley is an American actress who attended the Boston Conservatory of Music majoring in Musical Theatre .
Senahid Halilović studied at the University of Belgrade where he acquired his PhD in Dialectology , exploring the East - Bosnian dialect .
Javier Calvo graduated in journalism at the Autonomous University of Barcelona and studied comparative literature at Pompeu Fabra University .
Alexander Isley was born in Durham , North Carolina and studied at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts ( high school visual arts diploma ) , North Carolina State University College of Design ( BEDV ) and the Cooper Union School of Art ( BFA ) in New York .
Silas L. Warner ( 1924 - -1993 ) entered Princeton University from Choate Rosemary Hall in June 1942 , and graduated in 1945 after his first year at Northwestern Medical School .
At fourteen , Ernst von Bandel began to take drawing lessons at the Academy of Fine Arts , Nuremberg , with the engraver Albert Christoph Reindel .
Scott McGillivray attended the University of Guelph where he received an honours degree in Commerce in 2001 .
Peter Löscher graduated from Gymnasium Villach / Austria in 1978 and got a master 's degree at the Vienna University of Economics and Business Administration .
In 1996 , Mei Ting was admitted into the prestige Central Academy of Drama in Beijing , Department of Acting .
Taha Abdul - Basser was a Muslim Chaplain at Harvard University .
Nobuyuki Tanaka is an economic botanist at the Tokyo Metropolitan University , the Makino Botanical Garden in Kōchi prefecture , Japan .
Harold E. Taylor , Haverford College , MIT , and University of Iowa alumnus , was a Professor of Physics at The Richard Stockton College of New Jersey for over 30 years .
Pavel Parasca was born on July 8 , 1939 in Brînzenii Vechi and graduated from the Moldova State University in 1967 .
Rituparna Basu studied from 2007 to 2010 at the Schreyer Honors College of Pennsylvania State University , graduating with distinction with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology .
Richard Sandford attended Clifton College whence he joined the Royal Navy .
Bob Ziering is an American illustrator from New York who studied at The High School of Music & Art , and the New York University .
John Skilling graduated from the University of Washington in 1947 and started working for an engineering firm called W.H. Witt Co , which is now known as Magnusson Klemencic Associates .
Avner Treinin ( Hebrew : אבנר טריינין‎ , February 14 , 1928 -- October 7 , 2011 ) was an Israeli poet and professor of physical chemistry at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Lionel Nathan de Rothschild was born in London and educated at Harrow School and Trinity College , Cambridge where he graduated BA in 1903 and MA in 1908 .
Syed Kawsar Jamal did his Master 's degree from the University of Calcutta and after a short stint in teaching in a higher secondary school joined All India Radio in 1978 .
Caroline Stevermer attended Bryn Mawr College , and Greenlaw , the College in A College of Magics , may be based on her experiences there .
Cotton Mather , FRS ( February 12 , 1663 -- February 13 , 1728 ; A.B. 1678 , Harvard College ; A.M. 1681 , honorary doctorate 1710 , University of Glasgow ) was a socially and politically influential New England Puritan minister , prolific author , and pamphleteer .
Amanda Auchter received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Creative Writing and English ( magna cum laude ) from the University of Houston , where she worked as an editorial assistant at Gulf Coast :
Michael Nobel has a lengthy educational background which began at Harvard Business School in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Born in Kent , United Kingdom , Geoffrey Paterson was educated at The Judd School , St John 's College , Cambridge , the RSAMD and the National Opera Studio .
Tamiko Thiel attended Stanford University and graduated with a B.S. in Product Design Engineering with an emphasis on human factors design in 1979 .
Frederick B. Chary is an American historian , emeritus professor of history at Indiana University Northwest , College of Arts and Sciences .
Raised in a poor family in small towns of Northern Illinois , Ronald Reagan graduated from Eureka College in 1932 and worked as a sports announcer on several regional radio stations .
After graduating from Christ Church , Oxford , in 1887 , Aubyn Trevor - Battye travelled widely in North America and Europe , studying ornithology , shooting game and fishing .
James P. Leary received his B.A. in literature from the University of Notre Dame in 1972 .
Ed Whitmore is an alumnus of Westfield College .
Harriet Cohen was born in London and studied piano at the Royal Academy of Music under Tobias Matthay , having won the Ada Lewis scholarship at the age of 12 followed by the Sterndale Bennett Prize in 1913 .
Vance George graduated from Goshen College and Indiana University , and was awarded an honorary doctorate in 1997 by Kent State University .
George Eman Vaillant ( /vəˈlænt/ ; born 1934 ) is an American psychiatrist and Professor at Harvard Medical School and Director of Research for the Department of Psychiatry , Brigham and Women 's Hospital .
Carol Rodland is an American viola player who studied with Karen Tuttle at the Juilliard School .
Tso Wung - wai completed his bachelor 's degree in biochemistry at CUHK , took an M.Sc in Miami , and went on to study for his Ph . D at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Frank Cameron Jackson AO ( born 1943 ) is an Australian philosopher , currently Distinguished Professor and former Director of the Research School of Social Sciences at Australian National University .
The Ex - Students ' Association of The University of Texas ( more commonly known as Texas Exes ) is the association of former students of the University of Texas at Austin .
Jonathan DeFelice , O.S.B. is the former President of Saint Anselm College in Goffstown , New Hampshire .
Hale Horatio Shephard was the son of John Shephard and was educated at Eton and Balliol College , Oxford .
Ken Keeler studied applied mathematics at Harvard University , graduating summa cum laude in 1983 .
Antonio Marcegaglia obtained an honours degree in business studies from Milan 's Luigi Bocconi University in 1987 and joined the Marcegaglia full - time a few days later .
The Texas Tech Alumni Association is the alumni association for former students of Texas Tech University .
Steve studied photojournalism with Walker Evans at Yale University ( B. Sc 1969 ) Steve Dunwell created Back Bay Press in 1994 .
Constantine Finehouse was born in St. Petersburg , Russia , and attended New England Conservatory , Juilliard and Yale University .
Yve Laris Cohen graduated from the Columbia University School of the Arts with an MFA in Visual Arts in 2011 and received a BA in Dance & Performance Studies / Art Practice from the University of California Berkeley in 2008 .
Born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , Richard Revesz graduated summa cum laude in Civil Engineering and Public Affairs from Princeton University and received an M.S. in Civil Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Maurice Audin ( 14 February 1932 -- after 11 June 1957 ) was a French mathematics assistant at the University of Algiers , a member of the Algerian Communist Party and an activist in the anticolonialist cause , who was one of the `` disappeared '' during the Battle of Algiers .
Robert McKay was born in Wichita , Kansas in 1919 , and received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Kansas in 1940 , and his Juris Doctor from Yale Law School .
Jero majored in information science at University of Pittsburgh and graduated in 2003 , and moved to Japan in the same year .
Jonah Schnel graduated with a Bachelor of Arts summa cum laude from Tulane University .
David Wooster King was a student at Harvard University from 1912 - -1914 , and subsequently enlisted in the French Foreign Legion in August 1917 .
After he concluded his studies at `` The Hewett School '' in Norwich , Ralph Cupper studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London .
Lloyd Hartman Elliott ( May 21 , 1918 -- January 1 , 2013 ) was President of George Washington University from 1965 to 1988 .
Ormond Simkins ( May 16 , 1879 -- December 4 , 1921 ) was an American football and baseball player for the Sewanee Tigers of Sewanee : The University of the South .
China Forbes attended Phillips Exeter Academy ( ' 88 ) , then studied visual arts at Harvard University , where she met fellow student Thomas Lauderdale , a classically trained pianist .
Born to primary school teachers , Henri Richelet first attended the École des Beaux - Arts in Nancy , then the École nationale supérieure des Beaux - Arts in Paris .
Townsend Saunders ( born April 20 , 1967 ) is an Olympic silver medalist in wrestling who was a two - time All - American at Arizona State University .
His grandfather , William Cogswell was a Surgeon 's mate in the Revolutionary War who practiced medicine in Atkinson , New Hampshire , and gave land for the Atkinson Academy .
Reza Mansouri received his Ph.D. in 1972 from the University of Vienna under Roman Ulrich Sexl .
Pabitra Kumar Giri ( 1955 -- May 20 , 2010 ) was an Indian urban economist , who during 1998 - -2010 , served as the Director of the Centre for Urban Economic Studies at the University of Calcutta in Kolkata , India .
Camille Pelletan was educated in Paris , passed as licentiate in laws , and studied at the École Nationale des Chartes where he was qualified as an `` archiviste paléographe '' .
Marimba Ani completed her BA degree at the University of Chicago , and holds MA and Ph.D. degrees in anthropology from the Graduate Faculty of the New School University .
Benjamin Bond Cabbell FRS DL ( 1782/3 -- 9 December 1874 ) , British politician and philanthropist He was educated at Westminster School .
John Cottisford ( died c.1540 ) was an English churchman and academic , Rector of Lincoln College , Oxford from 1518 .
Alumni of the École normale supérieure de Saint - Cloud ( sciences ) ( 1965 ) , Jacques Prost studied at Harvard University and founded and head ( 1987 - -1995 ) the `` Theoretical Physico - Chemistry '' Group of the ESPCI ParisTech under the direction of Pierre - Gilles de Gennes .
George Barclay Richardson was born in 1924 and educated at Aberdeen Central Secondary School before studying at the University of Aberdeen , receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics and Mathematics in 1944 .
José Zalaquett graduated from the law school of the University of Chile in 1967 .
Vadim Cojocaru graduated from Moldova State University in 1982 and got his PhD in 1992 .
Clark Gilbert is the 16th and current president of Brigham Young University--
Cecil Chaudhry was schooled at St. Anthony 's , before pursuing higher studies at the Forman Christian College , Lahore where he received his B.S. in physics .
After studying at the École Polytechnique , Robert Aymar entered the Corps des Poudres ( a former government agency involved in basic and applied research ) .
Tomislav Sunić received a doctorate in political science in 1988 from the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Jorge Semprún enrolled there at the Lycée Henri IV and later the Sorbonne .
Louise Fresco was appointed as President of the Executive Board of Wageningen University and Research Centre from 1 July 2014 .
Humphrey Owen ( 1702 -- 26 March 1768 ) was the Principal of Jesus College , Oxford from 1763 to his death .
A 1985 graduate of Princeton University , Andrew Szanton worked for several years as an oral historian for the Smithsonian Institution before becoming an author .
Louise Chawla 's interest in children 's informal learning in their communities led her to a masters in Education and Child Development from Bryn Mawr College , followed by a doctorate in Environmental Psychology from the City University of New York .
Gustavo Cardoso is a Professor of Media , Technology and Society at ISCTE - Lisbon University Institute .
Steven Doane is currently cellist of the Los Angeles Piano Quartet and Professor of Cello at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester N.Y. where he has taught for the past 25 years .
Katsuhiko Oku ( 奥 克彦 Oku Katsuhiko , January 3 , 1958 - November 29 , 2003 ) was a Japanese diplomat who played rugby for Oxford and Waseda University .
Jaideep Prabhu holds a BTech degree from the Indian Institute of Technology , Delhi and a PhD from the University of Southern California .
Ivan Ilchev ( Bulgarian : Иван Илчев ) , Ph.D. in history , is the current rector of Sofia University , the oldest and biggest higher education facility in Bulgaria .
Olli - Pekka Kallasvuo holds a master 's degree in law ( LL.M. ) from the University of Helsinki .
Prasenjit Biswas teaches Philosophy at North Eastern Hill University , Shillong .
Lily Garafulic began attending the School of Fine Arts at the University of Chile in 1934 , where she studied under the sculptor Lorenzo Domínguez .
Khoshbakht Yusifzadeh graduated from the Azerbaijani Institute of Industry ( now : Azerbaijan State Oil Academy ) in 1952 .
Pierre Gandon studied in Paris at the École Estienne , then at the École des Beaux - Arts .
Sir Chhotu Ram was the first Stephanian ( St. Stephen 's College , Delhi ) to be knighted in 1937 .
Helge Haavind finished his secondary education in 1935 , attended Oslo Commerce School to 1936 and graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.jur .
Patrick E. Hobbs ( born March 29 , 1960 ) was named the dean of the Seton Hall University School of Law in 1999 .
Bertram Thomas was born in Pill near Bristol and educated at Trinity College , Cambridge .
William C. Gribble , Jr. ( born May 24 , 1917 in Ironwood , Michigan -- June 2 , 1979 ) graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1941 and was commissioned in the Corps of Engineers .
Edan Lepucki grew up in Los Angeles , California and graduated from Oberlin College and the University of Iowa Writers '' Workshop .
The son of L. S. H. Hammick , Dalziel Hammick was educated at Whitgift School , Magdalen College , Oxford ( where he was a demy ) , and at the University of Munich .
Born on 18 July 1839 , James Surtees Phillpotts was educated at Winchester College and at New College , Oxford , where he was elected as a Fellow .
Robert Bruce Raup ( March 21 , 1888 -- April 13 , 1976 ) , was a Professor in the Philosophy of Education , Teachers College , Columbia University .
At the age of 20 , Ibrahim Shihata graduated with a BA in law from Cairo University Law School at the top of his class .
Susan Houde - Walter has an undergraduate degree in studio arts from Sarah Lawrence College and a Ph.D. from the Institute of Optics , University of Rochester .
He is currently an attorney at Pepper Hamilton LLP in Washington , DC . Anant Raut is a graduate of Yale University and Harvard Law School .
His son Charles Kay Ogden was educated at Buxton and Rossall , winning a scholarship to Magdalene College , Cambridge and coming up to read Classics in 1908 .
Baruch Simon is an Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University in Washington Heights , Manhattan , New York .
Dillwyn Parrish studied art in Philadelphia , then attended Harvard University , where he made the acquaintance of Conrad Aiken and E. E. Cummings .
Mary Tinetti is an American physician , and Gladys Phillips Crofoot Professor of Medicine and Epidemiology and Public Health at Yale University , and Director of the Yale Program on Aging .
Robert Montagu , 3rd Duke of Manchester ( c. 1710 -- 10 May 1762 ) was the son of Charles Montagu , 1st Duke of Manchester .
The Australian Progressive Alliance ( APA ) was a minor liberal party in Australia , formed by Meg Lees , an independent senator and former leader of the Australian Democrats , in April 2003 .
Chongqing Jiaotong University was founded in 1951 as a university with engineering being the primary focus .
The Used is an American rock band from Orem , Utah , formed in 2001 .
Together they formed the Air Miles Travel Promotions Limited in 1986 and sold 51 % of the UK operation to British Airways soon after .
The Permanent Peoples ' Tribunal is an international opinion tribunal founded in Bologna ( Italy ) on June 24 , 1979 at the initiative of Senator Lelio Basso .
The Manufaktura opened on 17 May 2006 , after 5 years of planning and the subsequent 4 years of construction .
Buck - O - Nine is an American ska punk band which was formed in San Diego in 1991 .
CICAP ( Comitato Italiano per il Controllo delle Affermazioni sulle Pseudoscienze ; in English Italian Committee for the Investigation of Claims of the Pseudosciences ) is an Italian , non - profit , skeptic educational organization , founded in 1989 .
Parents Action League ( PAL ) is a citizens organization started in 2010 to oppose changes in the Anoka - Hennepin ( Minnesota ) School District 11 policy which limited discussions of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) issues in district classrooms .
The Association for the Behavioral Sciences and Medical Education ( ABSAME - http://www.absame.org ) was founed in 1975 as an interdisciplinary professional society dedicated to strengthening behavioral science teaching in medical schools , residency programs , and in continuing medical education .
The Central and East European Management Development Association ( CEEMAN ) was established in 1993 with the aim of fostering management development and management education development in CEE region .
EIDR is administered by the non - profit EIDR Association , which was founded in October 2010 by MovieLabs , CableLabs , Comcast and Rovi .
Lotte Confectionery was established in 1967 and its plants are located in Seoul , Daejeon , Yangsan , Pyeongtaek and Siheung . Currently , it is the third largest chewing gum manufacturer in the world .
The Environmental Protection Department ( EPD ) was created in 1986 to co - ordinate and carry out pollution prevention and control activities .
Inter Revisjon was established in December 1985 , and is wholly owned by its Norwegian members .
ARY Zauq launched in 2009 and was available on Paksat 1 satellite at 38.0 ° E , free to air .
The Hebrew Actors ' Union was officially founded in 1899 by Jewish labor leader Joseph Barondess , who had been sent by the United Hebrew Trades to aid striking actors at the People 's Theatre .
Empyria is a progressive power metal band , formed in 1991 by Mike Kischnick , Paul Falcon , and Simon Adam in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
The village of Lyudinovo was first mentioned in 1626 .
Radio Cardiff 98.7 FM began live broadcasting on Monday 8 October 2007 .
The Air War School Klotzsche was built in 1935 according to the design by Ernst Sagebiel together with the architect Walter and John Krüger .
The Moscow Symphony Orchestra is a non - state - supported Russian symphony orchestra , founded in 1989 by the sisters Ellen and Marina Levine .
On 1 January 1962 , Madair took over service to some 58 points in Madagascar , and on 14 October the name of the airline was changed to Air Madagascar , because of a negative image of the name Madair .
The Daughters of the Cross of Liège ( French : Filles de la Croix ) are Religious Sisters in the Catholic Church who are members of a religious congregation founded in 1833 by the Blessed Marie Thérèse Haze , F.C. ( 1782 - -1876 ) .
Today Is Vintage was founded by Swedish artist and entrepreneur Rebstar in 2012 after disbanding his former label 2fresh Records .
The Estonian National Independence Party ( Estonian : Eesti Rahvusliku Sõltumatuse Partei ) , commonly abbreviated ERSP , was a nationalist political party founded in August 1988 in what was then the Estonian SSR .
AAI Corporation originated as Aircraft Armaments , Inc. in August 1950 , founded by six aviation and defense industry professionals .
The station formally signed on the air as WWSI on January 17 , 2001 , and acquired the Telemundo affiliation ( originally seen on WTGI -- channel 61 , now WPPX -- until 1998 , then WTVE -- channel 51 -- in Reading , Pennsylvania from 1998 to 2000 ) .
Politehnica University of Timișoara ( Romanian : Universitatea Politehnica Timișoara ) is a public university founded on November 11 , 1920 .
Wacker Bernburg was a German association football club from the city of Bernburg , Saxony that was established in 1910 as Fußball Club Wacker Bernburg .
Sparkman & Stephens Inc was formally created on November 11 , 1929 , with five partners :
The European Fencing Confederation ( EFC ; French : Confédération européenne d'escrime , CEE ) is an international body created in 1991 , charged with the promotion and development of fencing in Europe .
Oxfam Canada , founded in 1963 , is an international development agency based in Canada , and is a registered charity ( OXFAM CANADA 129716866RR0001 ) .
Teddy 's Bigger Burgers is a fast - casual hamburger restaurant chain and franchise based in Hawaii that was established in 1998 .
The Society of Free Christians is small group of liberal Christians founded in 1999 by the Reverend Stephen Callander , the late Ivan Franks and others , very broadly in the spirit of the earlier Society of Free Catholics to promote liturgical ' catholic ' worship within liberal Christian , non - credal , non - judgemental theology .
Okay Airways was established in June 2004 and in February 2005 received an aviation carrier business license from the Civil Aviation Administration of China ( CAAC ) .
Chef Marcus Ashenford had previously held a Michelin star at the Chavignol restaurant , purchased 5 North St for £ 56,000 in 2002 and moved in on 15 January 2003 .
BenQ - Siemens was the mobile communications subsidiary of Taiwanese BenQ Corp. The division was formed out of BenQ 's acquisition of the then struggling Siemens Mobile group in 2005 .
The municipalities of Éclagnens , Goumoens - la - Ville and Goumoens - le - Jux merged on 1 July 2011 into the new municipality of Goumoëns .
From its launch in 2001 until the start of 2006 , QuikAir had operated more than 25,000 flights between Calgary and Edmonton ;
Brutal Knights are a Canadian punk band formed in 2006 in Toronto .
Dixie Witch is a Texas - based hard rock trio formed by guitarist Clayton Mills , drummer / vocalist Trinidad Leal , and bassist / vocalist Curt Christensen in 1999 .
Calvin Academy was a private K-12 school operated by Dr. Stanford Calvin since 1985 .
Cone Five was an indie noise - pop band from Winnipeg , Manitoba , active from 1999 to 2006 .
SGL Carbon AG originated in 1992 from a merger between SIGRI GmbH ( Germany ) and Great Lakes Carbon ( USA ) to share a company according to German law .
GrabCAD was founded in Estonia in 2009 by current CEO , Hardi Meybaum , and Indrek Narusk as a marketplace to connect engineers with CAD - related jobs .
TVBS Entertainment Channel ( formerly TVBS - G ) is a satellite television channel in the Taiwan , launched on September 12 , 1994 .
Lambda Beta Society was formed in 1986 and has over 100 chapters in the United States as of 2011 .
The Technical University of Gabrovo is a state university in Gabrovo , Bulgaria , founded in 1964 .
Retail Ventures was a holding company originally created in 2003 for DSW ( NYSE : DSW ) , Filene 's Basement , and Value City Department Stores .
Action Synthese was a French Animation Studio and a Production Company founded in 1998 and folded in 2013 .
The Philip Jones Brass Ensemble , founded in 1951 by trumpeter Philip Jones , was one of the first modern classical brass ensembles to be formed .
Girls ' Generation officially debuted on August 5 , 2007 with its debut single `` Into the New World '' and subsequently gained some attention with their self - titled debut album .
Golf Australia is the governing body for the sport of golf in Australia , formed in 2006 after the Australian Golf Union ( AGU ) and Women 's Golf Australia ( WGA ) agreed to merge .
Baba Jagdev Yadav Degree College is a public school in India founded in 2013 .
The first Summer Camp Music Festival was held in 2001 at Three Sisters Park in Chillicothe , IL .
The Cornwall Aces were the AHL affiliate of the NHL 's Quebec Nordiques from 1993 to 1995 and the relocated Colorado Avalanche in 1995 - -96 .
WDBM began broadcasting in 1989 with the moniker Impact 89FM , a name it still uses today .
The Community of Madrid Orchestra ( Spanish : Orquesta de la Comunidad de Madrid ) , founded in 1987 , is a symphony orchestra in Madrid , Spain .
Davis Food City was a supermarket chain headquartered Houston , Texas , United States , founded in 1965 and closed in 2007 .
The Technical College , Basrah was established in 1994 in Basrah southern Iraq , belongs to Iraqi Foundation of Technical Education .
Hong Kong 08 ( Chinese : 香港08 ) was a football team from Hong Kong , which competed in the Hong Kong First Division between 2002 and 2007 .
However , it was not until 1982 that the MHRC was officially established after the Manitoba Health Research Council Act was passed by the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba .
The Dresden Monarchs were formed in January 1992 and entered in the Aufbauliga Ost the following year , the lowest possible league in the region .
Ponca Jazz Records ( initiated 2004 in Kristiansand , Norway is a record label founded by Hilde Hefte .
This Will Destroy You , often abbreviated to TWDY , is an American post - rock band from San Marcos , Texas , formed in 2005 .
It was created in 2008 when the former Borkou - Ennedi - Tibesti Region was split into three , with the Tibesti Department becoming the Tibesti Region .
Formed in 1996 from a merger between Opta Sportsdata and SportingStatz , Opta analyses , stores and distributes live sports data for over 60,000 fixtures across 30 sports in 70 countries .
James Lick High School opened its doors in 1950 at the base of the East Foothills of San Jose , CA .
Beginning in 2001 , Shadowside entered the Brazilian metal scene with a stage act that incited a buzz around the band .
The concept of a professional `` First Naval Lord '' was introduced in 1805 and the title of the First Naval Lord was changed to `` First Sea Lord '' on the appointment of Sir Jackie Fisher in 1904 .
The Tel Aviv Zoo was a zoo founded in 1938 and located in central Tel Aviv , Israel .
Twins Affair recorded their first album in 1999 tagged `` Egunje has sploit everything '' .
NEC Corporation of America was formed on 1 July 2006 , from the combined operations of NEC America , NEC Solutions America and NEC USA .
Miss World Guam was founded in 2011.A separate pageant was launched in 2011 to focused on Miss World only and not other International Pageants .
Vocus was a public relations software company based in Beltsville , Maryland , United States , serving clients worldwide from 1992 to 2014 .
Guotai Junan Securities Co. Ltd. , was established on August 18 , 1999 after the merger of former Guotai Securities Co. Ltd. ( founded on September 10 , 1992 ) and Junan Securities Co. Ltd. ( founded on August 25 , 1992 ) , currently with registered capital of RMB 6.1 billion .
The Grammy Award for Best Performance Music Video was an honor presented to recording artists at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988 and the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989 for quality performance music videos .
Stereos was a Juno nominated pop band from Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , formed in 2008 .
The Kiel Society for Film Music Research was founded by a group of musicologists and film and media scholars in 2006 at Kiel University in Germany .
Touax was formed on 14 July 1853 as `` Compagnie de Touage de la Basse Seine et de l’Oise '' .
An engineering joint venture , Neste Jacobs , was established with the American Jacobs Engineering in 2004 .
Full Time Hobby is an independent record label formed in London in January 2004 .
Immortal Souls is a melodic death metal band from Kokkola , Finland , formed in 1991 .
It was begun in 1938 with 142 hectares ( 350 acres ) set aside , and additions over time brought it to 811 hectares ( 2,000 acres ) and in 1990 it was amalgamated with the Springbrook National Park .
The Nikon D3000 is a 10.2-megapixel DX format DSLR Nikon F - mount camera announced by Nikon on 30 July 2009 .
Revco , originally known as Registered Vitamin Company , was founded in 1956 in Detroit , Michigan by Sidney Dworkin and Bernie Shulman .
Galileo Magnet High School opened in September 2002 in Danville Public School 's District .
The first SpoCon was held in 2008 at Gonzaga University .
Bloomfield Science Museum is a science museum in Jerusalem , Israel , established in 1992 .
The company was founded in 1945 , just a few weeks after the end of World War II , by Fritz Sennheiser ( 1912 - -2010 ) and seven fellow engineers of the University of Hannover in a laboratory called Laboratorium Wennebostel ( shortened , `` Lab W '' ) .
Formed in 1999 by Randy Butman ( Silhaven ) , Jay Fossen , Erin `` Goat '' Fuller ( Cryptic Winds ) and Richard Brunelle ( ex - Morbid Angel guitarist ) , as Swollen , Paths of Possession is a solid mix of traditional heavy metal with influences of Swedish melodic death metal .
Steffen Zopf founded No Colours Records in 1993 as a label and mail order for black metal records and merchandise .
Sweet Velvet was a Japanese pop and rock band , formed in 1998 and disbanded in 2001 .
Christine Fabiani founded Knots of Love in 2007 and serves as the organization 's Executive Director .
The Speedcar Series Championship was a stock car racing series that was active from January 2008 to June 2009 across two championship seasons .
The Shondes formed in 2006 and have released two demos and four full - length studio albums .
The Nature Institute is located in rural Ghent , New York and was founded in 1998 by Craig Holdrege and Steven Talbott .
Bizz Nizz was a Belgian dance act formed in 1989 by Jean - Paul de Coster of Antwerp .
KJJF , with its transmitter located in Lozano , signed on the air in April 1991 as KMBH - FM and began airing NPR programming in June of the same year .
Epsilon Tau Pi ( ΕΤΠ ) was founded in 1999 at the University of Dayton in Dayton , Ohio .
In 2015 , MyNetworkTV listed K30MF - D to become the MyNetworkTV affiliate for the Jonesboro area in the near future .
China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation Ltd. ( CCECC , simplified Chinese : 中国土木工程集团有限公司 ; traditional Chinese : 中國土木工程集團有限公司 ) was established in 1979 according to the approval of the State Council of the People 's Republic of China .
Speakeasy Comics was a Canadian publishing company of comic books and graphic novels which operated from 2004 - -2006 .
The Roger Award For The Worst Transnational Corporation Operating in New Zealand is an annual media campaign run since 1997 by two activist organisations , Campaign Against Foreign Control of Aotearoa and GATT Watchdog .
Pharmasset was founded in 1998 by Raymond Schinazi and Dennis Liotta , scientists at Emory University .
The Screaming Jets are an Australian hard rock band formed in Newcastle , Australia in 1989 by front man Dave Gleeson on vocals , Grant Walmsley on guitar and Paul Woseen on bass guitar and backing vocals .
The Israeli Andalusian Orchestra- Ashdod ( Hebrew : התזמורת האנדלוסית הישראלית ‎ Arabic : الأوركسترا الإسرائيلية الأندلسية‎ ) is an award - winning Israeli orchestra founded in 1994 in Ashdod , Israel .
Bersuit Vergarabat is an Argentine rock band that formed formally in 1988 .
The Kurdistan Democratic Party of Syria ( Kurdish : Partiya Demokrat a Kurdistanê li Sûriyê Kurdish : پارتی دیموکراتی کوردستان سووری‎ ; Arabic : حزب الديمقراطي کوردستان في سوريا‎ Hizb Al - Dimuqrati Kurdistan fi Suriya ) , commonly known as KDPS , is a Kurdish Syrian political party founded in 1957 by Kurdish nationalists in northern Syria .
Portland Taiko was created in early 1994 by Ann Ishimaru and Zack Semke , both charter members of Stanford Taiko , Kyle Kajihiro , Valerie Otani , Kenji Spielman , and June Arima Schumann .
Fast Ryde was founded in 2008 by Jody Stevens and James Harrison , natives of West Virginia and Florida , respectively .
Triptych of Nava and Grimon is a Flemish painting , dated 1546 .
Eclipse Records was founded in 1997 by owner Chris Poland .
Humanifesto was a Canadian hardcore punk music group from Montreal formed in 2004 by singer / bassist Phil Campeau and singer / guitarist Franck Chevrier , and which was active between 2004 and 2011 .
Founded in 1999 , MissionFish is the partner charity of eBay , which runs auction and shopping websites in 30 countries .
Islington Museum opened in May 2008 , funded by a £ 1million grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund .
In 1985 the Cleave family brought back the MAS name with a new aviation company under a new AOC that became known as Mombasa Air Safari .
L'Abbaye de Créteil or Abbaye group ( French : Groupe de l'Abbaye ) was a utopian artistic and literary community founded during the month of October , 1906 .
Meridiano Televisión was created in 1996 as a privately owned television network in Venezuela , exclusively dedicated to national and international sports .
Imaginary Johnny is an American indie - rock band , formed in 2003 in Seattle , Washington , by singer - songwriter Stuart Wolferman and later based in Brooklyn , New York .
The Victoria Cross for Australia was created by letters patent signed by Elizabeth II , Queen of Australia , on 15 January 1991 .
The Zenith Brass is a group of 30 talented youth brass and percussion players formed in 1995 .
Big Game TV ( stylised as BIG Game TV ! ) was a live phone - in quiz channel that was broadcast via Sky Broadcasting in 2005 .
The Kalamazoo Jr. K - Wings began its inaugural season in 2011 .
The New York Watercolor Club ( NYWC ) was founded in New York City in 1890 as the New York Water Color Club , that accepted men and women artists as members and officers .
The Scottish Premiership was established in July 2013 , after the Scottish Professional Football League was formed by a merger of the Scottish Premier League and Scottish Football League .
Miserylab is the main music project of Porl King , formed in the late nineties after the disbanding of Rosetta Stone in 1998 .
The Academic Free License ( AFL ) is a permissive free software license written in 2002 by Lawrence E. Rosen , a former general counsel of the Open Source Initiative ( OSI ) .
The museum was established in 1975 by a volunteer organization named the Atlantic Canada Aviation Museum Society .
Zolty Cracker , was a Canadian band formed in 1989 based out of Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
It is open to the public from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The Lexington Cemetery was established in 1849 as a place of beauty and a public cemetery , in part to deal with burials from the cholera epidemic in the area .
The Confederation des Travailleurs Haïtiens ( CTH ) was founded in 1998 to provide a space for Haitian workers to organize collectively and promote a progressive agenda , such as opposing the privatization plans of international financial institutions .
Grand Theft Audio was an alternative rock band formed in London , England in 1998 .
In 1803 , President Thomas Jefferson commissioned the Corps of Discovery , and named as its leader his personal secretary and U.S. Army Captain , Meriwether Lewis , who selected William Clark as his partner .
The Merseyside Development Corporation was a central government - appointed Development Corporation set up in 1981 by Margaret Thatcher 's government to regenerate the Mersey docks of Liverpool , Bootle , Wallasey and Birkenhead .
LG Life Sciences(LGLS ) spun off from LG Chem Investment as a full - fledged LG Group Affiliate in August 2002 .
Minnesota Life College is a non - profit organization that was founded in 1996 by Bev and Roe Hatlen , co - founders of Old Country Buffet .
Feiglin and Sackett established Zo Artzeinu in December 1993 , after the Knesset of Israel banned the Kach party movement in Israel .
Finnvera was founded in 1999 through a merger of Kera Plc and the Finnish Guarantee Board .
The Honeytraps was the ' girl band ' featured in the 2006 reality TV show Boys Will Be Girls , aired on E4 .
Libera Università Mediterranea ( also LUM , L’Università Lum Jean Monnet or Free Mediterranean University ) is an Italian private university founded in 1995 , in Casamassima , Province of Bari .
The Rover Group plc was the name given in 1986 to the British state - owned company from 1975 vehicle manufacturer BL ( formerly British Leyland ) .
The Wernt were a side project set up by members of British hardcore punk bands Charged GBH and English Dogs in 1997 .
Citibank Uganda Limited was established in 1999 and began commercial banking activities following the issuance of a banking licence by the Bank of Uganda , the national central bank and banking regulalor in the country .
Sean Collins co - founded Thames Clippers in 1999 with partner Alan Woods .
Amie Street was an indie online music store and social network service created in 2006 by Brown University seniors Elliott Breece , Elias Roman , and Joshua Boltuch , in Providence , Rhode Island .
The Nevada System of Higher Education ( NSHE ) ( formerly the University and Community College System of Nevada `` UCCSN '' ) was formed in 1968 to oversee all state - supported higher education in the U.S. state of Nevada .
On November 25 , 2006 , two Paraná state clubs , ADAP , of Campo Mourão city , and Galo Maringá , of Maringá city , fused , and the new club was named Adap Galo Maringá Football Club .
The foundation restored the palace , and since May 2007 , it has been open to the public as the Palazzo Falson Historic House Museum .
Zepto Computers A / S was a Danish computer company founded in 2002 .
Dekema Records was founded by Edward Dekema in 1991 and based out of Woodinville , WA , a suburb of Seattle .
The Institute of the Regions of Europe ( IRE ) ( German : Institut der Regionen Europas ; IRE ) is a research institute founded in 2004 by Franz Schausberger , former President of the Land Salzburg .
In 1998 , the subsidiaries were renamed as Bell Pottinger after Frank Lowe demanded that his name be removed .
The party was formed on 15 March 1977 when the Rakah and Non - Partisans parliamentary group changed its name to Hadash in preparation for the 1977 elections .
Space Adventures , Ltd. is a Virginia , USA - based space tourism company founded in 1998 by Eric C. Anderson .
Cosmote launched commercial operations in Greece in April 1998 and reached 1 million subscribers a year later .
The Tanganyika African Association ( TAA ) was a Tanganyika Territory political association , formed in 1929 .
Klene is a traditional brand of liquorice confectionery , founded in 1876 by Johannes Coenradus Klene in Rotterdam , and sold primarily in the Netherlands .
New Heights Academy Charter School was founded in 2006 to provide a college preparatory education in a safe and nurturing environment to students in grades 5 - 12 living in Harlem , Washington Heights and Inwood .
Vision Inspired by the People ( VIP ) is a political party established in December 2005 in the Cayo District of Belize .
Sturmgeist is an experimental black / thrash metal formed by Cornelius Jakhelln in 2002 .
Init Records ( often stylized as INIT ) is an American independent record label founded in January 2001 in Mankato , Minnesota by Steven Williams .
The channel was launched on September 7 , 2001 as MSNBC Canada .
The Gallahads were an American doo - wop band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1952 .
The Jane Goodall Institute ( Hong Kong ) ( Chinese : 國際珍古德(香港)協會 ) , founded in 2002 , was established as a local registered charity involved in the promotion of the well - being of the community , animals and environment .
Spacehog is an English - American rock band formed in 1994 in New York City .
The Refugee Council originated from two independent organisations , British Council for Aid to Refugees ( BCAR ) and the Standing Conference on Refugees ( SCOR ) , which were both founded in 1951 following the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees .
Originally based in and licensed to Montmagny , CFEL - FM received its first licence in December 1986 and replaced CKBM 1490 , an unrelated station which closed due to a bankruptcy in 1983 .
The San Pedro Art Association , established in 1936 , is an art association set within the Los Angeles Harbor community of California .
CROC has been working in the Russian IT market since 1992 and today is a partner of Fujitsu , Cisco Systems , Avaya , Microsoft , Oracle , and other global IT companies ( over 220 hardware and software vendors ) .
The first album , 7 Sons of Soul , was released in 2004 by Verity Records .
The International University College of Turin , or IUC Turin , is a tertiary educational institution founded in 2006 by the Compagnia di San Paolo and Consiglio Nazionale del Notariato .
Verjnuarmu ( demo , 2002 ) Verta , woemoo ja viitakkeita ( demo , 2002 ) Laalavat jouset ( demo , 2004 )
Intrinsity was a privately held Austin , Texas based fabless semiconductor company ; it was founded in 1997 as EVSX on the remnants of Exponential Technology and changed its name to Intrinsity in 2000 .
Ruttenberg arranged funding for Forstmann , who launched Forstmann Little & Company in 1978 .
The current European Consumer Centres Network ( ECC - Net ) was established in January 2005 after the merger of two existing consumer protection networks : the Network for the extrajudicial settlement of consumer disputes ( EEJ - Net ) and the Euroguichet Network .
Crown Pacific Partners , L.P. was a publicly traded partnership founded in 1988 which at its peak owned about 800,000 acres ( 3,000 km² ) of timberland , half in Oregon and the rest in Washington , Idaho , and Montana .
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights ( also known as SOHR ; Arabic : المرصد السوري لحقوق الإنسان‎ ) founded in May 2006 is an information office documenting human rights abuses in Syria , since 2011 focusing on the Syrian Civil War .
Dr. Kanailal Bhattacharya College , established in 1985 , is an undergraduate college in Dharmatala , in Howrah district of West Bengal , India .
Miss International Japan was created in 1960 in response to Japan 's then - recent lack of finalists at the Miss International pageant .
The Campus Kitchens Project was developed in 2001 as a national outgrowth of DC Central Kitchen , a successful local community kitchen model in Washington DC . The way it happened was kind of a marriage of two concepts .
The Kingdom of Hanover ( German : Königreich Hannover ) was established in October 1814 by the Congress of Vienna , with the restoration of George III to his Hanoverian territories after the Napoleonic era .
Peppercoin , Inc. was a privately held company founded in late 2001 by Micali and Rivest based in Waltham , MA .
The Civic United Front was formed on 28 May 1992 through a merger of two formerly existing movements - KAMAHURU , a pressure group for democratization in Zanzibar , and the Civic Movement , a human rights organization based on the mainland .
Wiko was established in February 2011 by French businessman Cedric Wilmots .
SM Seaside City Cebu , also called locally as SM SRP , is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings located in Cebu City , Philippines that opened on 27 November 2015 , is the SM Prime Holdings ' third mall in Metro Cebu .
From 2007 to 2013 , America 's Talk was one of eleven Clear Channel stations broadcast over XM Satellite Radio .
Hangzhou Philharmonic Orchestra ( 杭州爱乐乐团 ) was founded on December 25 , 2007 and completed its establishment on April 20 , 2009 , with Deng Jingshan as the President , Yang Yang as the Artistic Director and Chief Conductor , Guan Haochuan and Lin Shangzhuan as the Vice President .
Plaeto is a Dutch rock band , formed in 2002 .
Splash Corporation was founded in 1985 by Drs . Rolando and Rosalinda Hortaleza and incorporated as RBH Cosmetics , the company 's very first products were repackaged acetone and cuticle remover as just a backyard business when decided to invest their ₱12,000 cash gifts from their wedding .
The Hämmerli brand dates back to 1863 when Johann Ulrich Hämmerli founded the company to make rifle barrels for the Swiss Army .
The Orlando Thunder was a member of the World League of American Football from 1991 to 1992 ( known as NFL Europe from 1995 onwards ) .
Racing Glaciers are an English rock band formed in summer 2012 .
Frenzal Rhomb is an Australian punk rock band that formed in 1992 , with Jason Whalley on lead vocals and rhythm guitar during this entire period .
Holloway Press was established at the University of Auckland in the Library of the Tamaki Campus in 1994 .
PFC Slavia Sofia ( Bulgarian : ПФК Славия София ) is a Bulgarian football club founded on 10 April 1913 in Sofia .
Beirut Art Center opened to public in January 2009 .
Chartered in November 1849 , Austin College remains the oldest institution of higher education in Texas to be operating under its original charter and name as recognized by the State Historical Survey Committee .
Standfast is a two - piece Swedish band , formed in 1997 and comprising singer Suzanne Mosson and guitarist Patrick Tucker .
Amatory ( commonly typeset as ( AMATORY ) , to fit their logo ) is a Russian heavy metal band , formed in 2001 in Saint Petersburg .
World Xtreme Wrestling was established in 1996 as a continuation of the Trans World Wrestling Federation and continued to be owned and operated by Afa Anoa'i .
Beelden aan Zee ( `` Images / sculptures by the sea '' ) museum in the Scheveningen district of The Hague , founded in 1994 by the sculpture collectors Theo and Lida Scholten , is the only Dutch museum which specializes in exhibiting sculpture .
The Islamic Iran Resistance Front or Resistance Front of Islamic Iran ( Persian : جبهه ایستادگی ایران اسلامی‎‎ ; Jebheye Istadegi ) , or simply Resistance Front , is an Iranian principlist political group , founded in 2011 .
Zaytuna Institute conducted a summer Arabic intensive program in 2008 and soon after officially changed its name from Zaytuna Institute to Zaytuna College in 2009 .
LTD . was founded on August 17 , 2007 in Seoul , South Korea by music composer and producer Hwang Se - jun . Ballad singer Sung Si - kyung was the first artist to sign an exclusive contract with Jellyfish Entertainment and released a single `` Parting Once Again '' ( Hangul : 한번 더 이별 ) .
JONAH was created in 1999 in Jersey City , New Jersey by Theodore and Elaine Berk and Arthur and Jane Goldberg .
Gazza Music Productions , also referred to as GMP Records , simply known as G.M.P. , is a Namibian music production label founded by Gazza in 2004 .
Diadora is the only Italian athletic footwear and apparel manufacturer to still make some of its products in Italy , a tradition that began in 1948 when the company 's founder , Marcello Danieli , first began working in the trade as a young boy .
Shatin Hospital ( Chinese : 沙田醫院 ) , formerly known as Shatin Infirmary and Convalescent Hospital ( Chinese : 沙田護養院 ) , commenced operation on December 2 , 1991 and has been in full function since February 1 , 1994 .
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Association of New Zealand is a non - profit organisation founded in 2002 which aims to coordinate and facilitate science fiction and fantasy - related fan activities within New Zealand .
Housemarque is located in Finland ; established in 1995 , it is one of the oldest Finnish video game companies existing today .
On 3 April 2006 , Arik Air took over the former Nigeria Airways facilities in Lagos , some three years after its liquidation , and began reconstruction work .
The National Lottery Commission was an organisation set up on 1 April 1999 under the National Lottery Act 1998 to regulate the National Lottery .
Dr. Fixit was launched by Pidilite Industries Limited in the year 2001 to expand its range of construction chemicals .
Market Square Records is a music promotion and record label company started in 1999 .
Łódź Hills Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Wzniesień Łódzkich ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in central Poland , established in 1996 , covering an area of 137.67 square kilometres ( 53.15 sq mi ) .
The Red Lion and Sun Society of Iran ( Persian : جمعیت شیر و خورشید سرخ ایران‎‎ ) was established in 1922 and admitted to the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement in 1923 .
The Irish Worker League was an Irish communist party , established in September 1923 by Jim Larkin , following his return to Ireland .
In 2005 , the American Bison Society was re - launched by the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) to secure the ecological future of bison in North America .
SANRAL was created by The South African National Roads Agency Limited and National Roads Act , 1998 as a corporatized successor to the South African Roads Board , which was part of the Department of Transport .
World Bowling ( WB ; known as the Fédération Internationale des Quilleurs between 1952 and April 2014 ) is the world governing body of nine - pin and ten - pin bowling .
Copenhagen Pride began in 1996 when Copenhagen was the European Capital of Culture and hosted the Europride event .
The Bank of Namibia was established by the Bank of Namibia Act , 1990 ( Act 8 of 1990 ) .
The Kazakh division ( which can be traced back to the mid-1920s ) was transformed into Kazakhstan Airlines , with scheduled flights from its base at Almaty International Airport being launched in 1992 .
Carinthians Soccer Women was founded as a new independent football club in June 2013 .
The Sri Lanka Sama Samaja Party ( SLSSP ) was formed in 1982 , when the LSSP split over the question of a coalition with the Sri Lanka Freedom Party ( SLFP ) .
Leisha Hailey and Heather Grody ( Reid ) began performing as The Murmurs in 1991 while the duo were both students of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts .
Erodelia ( a portmanteau of the Greek word `` eros '' , the god of love ; and the Latin word `` delia '' , which means demonstration ) is a Brazilian rock band , formed in 2010 .
Commercial Academy of Satu Mare is a university founded in 1997 in Satu Mare , Romania , with branches in several other counties .
Orquesta Sinfónica de Galicia is a Spanish orchestra , created in 1992 and based in A Coruña , where it is the main orchestra in the city 's Mozart Festival .
Druhá Tráva ( `` Second Grass '' in Czech ) is a Czech bluegrass band from the Czech Republic , formed in 1991 by Robert Křesťan .
The Danish Women 's Cup , also called 3F Cup for sponsorship reasons , is the national women 's football cup competition in Denmark and was first held in 1993 .
The World Federation of Trade Unions ( WFTU ) was established in 1945 to replace the International Federation of Trade Unions .
The museum 's mission is to support the development of Chinese contemporary art . The Today Art Museum was founded by Zhang Baoquan in 2002 .
Asia Racing Team ( ART Motorsports ) is a Chinese / Macanese motor racing team that was formed in 2003 .
WrayGunn are a Portuguese band formed in Coimbra , in early 1999 .
The Police were an English rock band formed in London in 1977 .
Playphone is a mobile social gaming network founded in 2003 .
Founded by Rabbi Arthur Schneier in 1965 , the Appeal of Conscience Foundation is an interfaith partnership of corporate and spiritual leaders from all faiths who come together to promote `` peace , tolerance and ethnic conflict resolution . ''
In 2003 , the Elmina Java Museum was opened to honour the history of the Belanda Hitam at large , and the Ulzen family in particular .
Blanck Mass ( 2011 , Rock Action Records ) White Math / Polymorph ( 2012 , Software Recording Co. ) Dumb Flesh ( 2015 , Sacred Bones Records )
1500 or Nothin' is an American musical ensemble composed of record producers , songwriters , musicians and music videographers , formed in 2006 , in Los Angeles , California .
The National Assembly of Women ( NAW ) is a British women 's rights organisation founded on 8 March 1952 at a meeting of 1,500 women from all across Great Britain .
Founded in 1998 after being spun off from Harris Semiconductor , AuthenTec provided mobile security software licenses to mobile manufacturing companies and biometrics sensor technology , such as fingerprint sensors and NFC technology to mobile and computer manufacturers .
The Upper Danube Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Obere Donau ) , founded in 1980 , is located in the south of Baden - Württemberg in Germany and encloses primarily the districts of Tuttlingen and Sigmaringen .
The Democratic Party of Russia or DPR ( Russian : Демократическая Партия России , Demokraticheskaya Partiya Rossii ) is a Russian political party founded in 1990 .
Aksaray University ( Turkish : Aksaray Üniversitesi ) is a public higher educational institution established on March 17 , 2006 in Aksaray , Central Anatolia in Turkey .
Cherry Ghost began in 2005 , first as an alias for Simon Aldred as a solo artist , before morphing into a full band .
The 200 + year old Valspar was founded in 1806 as a paint dealership in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Polish Philosophical Society is a scientific society based in Poland , founded in 1904 in Lwów , whose statutory goal is to practice and promote philosophy , especially onthology , theory of knowledge , logic , methodology , ethics , history of philosophy as well as the history of social science .
Inteliment was founded in 2004 by Mr . Prashant Pansare to build tools and applications for Business Analytics in Cloud Technology and on Mobility .
The Alliance of Independent Social Democrats ( Serbian : Савез независних социјалдемократа/Savez nezavisnih socijaldemokrata , СНСД/SNSD ) is a Serb political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina , founded 1996 .
The Professional Karate Association was formed in 1974 by Don and Judy Quine in association with Mike Anderson .
Since 2005 the Galerie Traversée has promoted bridging the gap between renowned and young artists in contemporary art . The gallery 's concept aims at building up obscure but extraordinary artists .
The Royal Agricultural University was founded as the Royal Agricultural College in 1842 , at a meeting of the Fairford and Cirencester Farmers '' Club .
The London Missionary Society ( LMS ) founded Philippolis in 1823 as a mission station for the local Khoi people .
PS Publishing is a Hornsea , UK based publisher founded in 1999 by Peter Crowther .
The Duchy of Westphalia ( 1180 - -1803 ) was a historic territory in the greater region of Westphalia , located in the east of modern North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Principality of Lucca and Piombino was created in July 1805 by Napoleon I for his beloved sister Elisa Bonaparte .
The Mattachine Society , founded in 1950 , was one of the earliest homophile ( gay rights ) organizations in the United States , probably second only to Chicago 's Society for Human Rights .
The Great Midwest Conference was an NCAA Division I athletics conference which existed from 1991 to 1995 .
The band 's core members Aimee Ortiz and Todd Low established Radagun in September 2008 and the band went through several member changes during their first year until finally settling on the idea of a two - person band with live performers filling in occasionally .
Park City Group , Inc. ( NASDAQ : PCYG ) was established in 2002 and now is headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah .
The town was established in 1850 by Prince Mikhail Semyonovich Vorontsov , the Viceroy of the Caucasus , near an ancient silver / lead mine in the nearby Alagir Gorge .
Originally known as the Navy / NOAA Joint Ice Center , which was established on December 15 , 1976 in a memorandum of agreement between the U.S. Navy and NOAA , the National Ice Center was formed in 1995 when the U.S. Coast Guard became a partner .
Guerrilla Cambridge ( formerly SCE Cambridge Studio ) , is part of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios , was formed in July 1997 when Sony Computer Entertainment Europe acquired the Millennium Interactive development studio from Cyberlife Technology Ltd. The developer is mainly well known for making the MediEvil series on the original PlayStation , and also the PlayStation Portable .
In 1987 , Kenexa began by providing recruitment services .
Nazxul are an Australian black metal band which formed in 1993 .
Redd is a Turkish rock band established in 1996 by tenor opera singer Doğan Duru and guitarist Berke Hatipoğlu under the name Ten .
Skybucket Records , based in Birmingham , Alabama was formed in the summer of 2002 to release a CD sampler of local music .
LIN Media was an American holding company founded in 1994 that operated 43 television stations .
U-17 Minsk Tournament ( Russian : Международный юношеский турнир ( U-17 ) на призы АБФФ и Минского городского исполнительного комитета ) is annual winter association football friendly competition for junior national under-17 teams that take place in Minsk , Belarus , since 2005 .
Hinopak Motors Limited was formed in 1985 by a diverse group of sponsors .
Thermacut was founded in 1990 by Jiri Zaplatel and four other owner - employees .
Sleeping Giant Provincial Park , established in 1944 as Sibley Provincial Park and renamed in 1988 , is a 244-square - kilometre ( 94 sq mi ) park located on the Sibley Peninsula in Northwestern Ontario , east of Thunder Bay .
Shatt Al - Arab University College is a private Iraqi university estableshed in 1993 in Basrah in the south of Iraq .
Jahan - e - Khusrau was started in the year 2001 by noted film director , Muzaffar Ali .
RTM Harmoni is set to launch in 2010 with other RTM digital television channels .
Founded in 1951 , Northwestern Michigan College , known as NMC to local residents , is a community college in Traverse City , Grand Traverse County , Michigan .
Established in 2007 , Music in the Hills tries to bring together good music , good listeners and great locations .
Vachette Pathology was founded in 2002 and is a nationwide pathology practice management firm .
Pronair was established in 2007 beginning with air taxi services .
Founded in 1966 by Tony and Ida Lujan Isaacs , the Indian House catalog has now around 150 titles .
Rogue Rocket Games is an American video game developer formed in early 2011 by Nick Bruty and Rich Sun , both of whom previously worked at Planet Moon Studios .
The Gypsy Joker Motorcycle Club ( GJMC ) , or the Gypsy Jokers as they are called in Australia , are a `` one - percenter '' motorcycle gang and organized crime syndicate that was originally formed in San Francisco , California on April Fool 's Day , 1956 .
Brown v. Board of Education National Historic Site was established in Topeka , Kansas , on October 26 , 1992 , by the United States Congress to commemorate the landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision aimed at ending racial segregation in public schools .
Palma Aquarium is a commercial aquarium and park that first opened in 2007 in Palma , Mallorca , Spain .
The Nation Towers were completed in 2013 and have apartments , offices , a shopping mall and a hotel ( St. Regis Hotel Abu Dhabi ) .
GAIS was founded 11 March 1894 at Ehdlunds Café in the Gothenburg city centre .
RNDM is an American alternative rock band formed in 2012 , consisting of Pearl Jam 's bassist Jeff Ament , singer - songwriter Joseph Arthur and drummer Richard Stuverud .
The Citizens ' Movement Pro Chemnitz was initiated in 2009 by Karl Martin Kohlmann , a former Chemnitz city council member for The Republicans , and Reinhold Breede , former president of the city counsel at the beginning of the 1990s and ex CDU member .
Dagbladet Politiken was founded on 1 October 1884 in Copenhagen by Viggo Hørup , Edvard Brandes and Hermann Bing .
Diet - to - Go ( DTG ) is a privately held company that was founded in 1991 by Hilton Davis .
The Kraków Tigers are an American football team based in Kraków , Poland founded in 2006 .
Idea Couture , Inc. ( IC ) is a global strategic innovation and experience design firm founded in 2007 and is based in San Francisco and Toronto .
Harran University ( Turkish : Harran Üniversitesi ) is a state university in Şanlıurfa , Turkey , founded in 1992 .
The station was assigned the WHDZ call sign on April 13 , 2005 , and received its license to cover on May 5 , 2008 .
Finix Comics was founded in November 2007 by comic - enthusiasts unhappy with the situation of the publishing history of comic - series in Germany .
The Royal Society Kohn Award was an award given by the Royal Society since 2005 to beginning scientists who had achieved significant cultural impact through broadcasting or public speech .
The Linux Kongress was an annual conference of Linux developers from around the world , that took place every year from 1994 to 2010 .
Desert Vista High School is located in the Ahwatukee neighborhood of Phoenix , Arizona , was established in 1996 , and is a part of the Tempe Union High School District .
Established in May 1950 , the Beijing Film Academy was first named Performance Art Institution of the Film Bureau of the Ministry of Culture .
Velocity Micro was officially founded in 1997 as an extension of this highly individualized , high - performance computing philosophy .
Eleanor Roosevelt College was established in 1988 , but it was conceived in 1985 when a Preliminary Planning Committee recommended the creation of a new college focused on comparative culture studies to augment the existing colleges on campus .
The Modern Academy In Maadi ( MAM ) , Egypt , was founded in 1993 by a group of professional educationalists , Initially , The Modern Academy is located in Maadi , a southern suburb of Cairo known by its greenery and quietness .
The Diogenes Verlag ( short : Diogenes ) is a Swiss publisher in Zurich , founded in 1952 by Daniel Keel , with a focus on literature , plays and cartoons .
The company Grupo Bimbo was started in Mexico in 1945 by Lorenzo Servitje , Roberto Servitje , José T. Mata , Jaime Sendra , Jaime Jorba and Alfonso Velasco .
Founded in 1999 , it is based on the ideology of the Meimad movement founded in 1988 by Rabbi Yehuda Amital .
Liverpool University Press , founded in 1899 , is the third oldest university press in England after Oxford University Press and Cambridge University Press .
The first Qstock festival was organised in 2003 .
Delorentos are a critically acclaimed Dublin - based Irish alternative rock band , formed in 2005 .
Don Bosco College , Tura was established in 1987 to provide education to the people of Meghalaya .
The Curious Theatre Company is a company of artists founded in 1997 and located in Denver , Colorado .
Silueta X , Association , is a grassroots organization , created on May 12 , 2008 , and legally established on May 5 , 2010 by Presidential Decree MIES # 9989 of Ecuador .
Pavel Rivera created Twintapes in 2007 as a duo with Jon Estes , a friend from college .
Wozdwizhenskaya Fortress ( 1742 ) on the Sakmara River was the second fort built as a part of Sakmara Distance by Ivan Neplyuyev during his governance of the Orenburg Commission .
Platina Chișinău was founded in 2010 and participated in the Romanian U18 Hockey League during the 2010 - 11 season .
Soles4Souls is a Nashville - based charity , founded in 2006 , that collects new and used shoes and redistributes them through direct donations to people in need and through micro - enterprise partners .
Fun Bits Interactive is an American video game developer founded in 2010 by the core team previously working as Titan Studios .
The airline was established on 29 January 1987 and started operations on 5 November 1987 as Transportes Aeromar .
Unifor ( Union for Canada ) is a trade union in Canada , launched in 2013 as a merger of the Canadian Auto Workers and Communications , Energy and Paperworkers unions .
Swiftype was founded in 2012 by former Scribd engineers Matt Riley and Quin Hoxie .
The Asbestos is an alternative rock band from Venezuela formed in 2004 in the city of Caracas .
The Lucksmiths were an Australian indie pop band formed in March 1993 by Marty Donald on lead guitar , Mark Monnone on bass guitar and Tali White on drums and lead vocals .
Founded in 1986 and publicly traded since 1997 , American Capital has eight offices in the U.S. , Europe and Asia .
Submarine Squadron 11 was commissioned July 1 , 1986 , aboard her flagship , McKee , at Naval Submarine Base Point Loma , San Diego .
Pertti Kurikan Nimipäivät ( Finnish for Pertti Kurikka 's name day ) , also known as PKN , is a Finnish punk rock band , formed in 2009 in a charity workshop for adults with developmental disabilities .
Saving Abel is an American rock music group from Corinth , Mississippi , who were started in 2004 by Jared Weeks and Jason Null .
The Cotswold School opened in 1988 following the controversial amalgamation of Bourton Vale Secondary Modern ( in Bourton on the Water ) and historic Westwood 's Grammar School ( Northleach ) .
The Nikon F6 is a 35 mm film single - lens reflex camera body that became commercially available during 2004 , and is the sixth top - of - the - line professional film camera in Nikon 's line since the introduction of the Nikon F in 1959 .
Lyulin Metro Station ( Bulgarian : Метростанция `` Люлин `` ) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria . It started operation on January 28 , 1998 .
Blair 's Sauces and Snacks is a United States snack company founded in 1989 , most famous for their Death Sauce line of hot sauces , known for their extreme range in Scoville heat ratings .
South Carolina State University was founded in 1896 as the state of South Carolina 's sole public college for black youth .
While it was formed in 1973 as an election front for the Worker 's Communist Party ( marxist - leninist ) ( in Norwegian : Arbeidernes Kommunistparti ( m - l ) , AKP(ml ) ) , the Red Electoral Alliance became an independent party in 1991 , and after that , it scrapped many Leninist ideas .
Gin Blossoms is an American rock band formed in 1987 in Tempe , Arizona .
Hulas Motors Pvt . Ltd. was established in 1996 ( B. S. 2054 ) .
Even though the club was founded as early as 1935 , Defensa y Justicia did not play in official tournaments until 1978 , when the team debuted in Primera D , defeating Cañuelas .
Spotlight Innovation Inc. was founded in 2012 as Spotlight Innovation , LLC . It became its current iteration in December 2013 after a merger with American Exploration Corp. ( AEXP ) , which had been founded in 2006 .
The horrors of the First World War , combined with new departures in theology ( in particular the thought of Karl Barth ) , allowed for a partial restoration of a national grouping : the Reformed Church of France ( L’Église Réformée de France , ÉRF ) , established in 1938 .
The SeeYa ( Korean : 더 씨야 ; stylized as `` The SEEYA '' ) is a South Korean R&B girl group composed of Minkyung , Youngjoo , Yoojin and Yeonkyung formed by MBK Entertainment ( formerly known as Core Contents Media ) in 2012 .
In April 2015 , Bhojpuri Cinema TV is started
Frontier Airlines was incorporated on February 8 , 1994 , by a group that included executives of a previous incarnation of Frontier Airlines in response to the void left by Continental Airlines 1993 shutdown of its Denver ( Stapleton ) hub .
Thayaga Marumalarchi Kazhagam ( Tamil : தாயக மறுமலர்ச்சி கழகம் ) was a political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu launched by Tamil film maker T. Rajendar in 1991 .
Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation ( DTRO ) is a public corporation which runs the Daegu Metro Lines 1 , 2 and 3 established in 1995 .
Wampire formed in 2007 , though Phipps and Tinder had been playing together since 2001 .
Huyton Bulldogs were formed in 2009 and joined the RL Merit League .
Mad at the World was a Christian rock band active from 1987 to 1998 in Southern California .
The Fund then engaged Mr. Cowan to organize and act as race director for the first Race for Life event , which took place in 1994 in Battersea Park , London , where 750 participants raised £ 48,000 .
While Fauvism as a style began around 1900 and continued beyond 1910 , the movement as such lasted only a few years , 1904 - -1908 , and had three exhibitions .
Cogniance is founded ( 2008 ) and built up by the former founders , directors , technical managers from Sonopia , a product startup .
Catholic Club of New York was a social Catholic organization founded by the Xavier Alumni Sodality in 1888 .
Aerolineas Mundo S.A. ( also known as AMSA ) was a cargo airline that operated from 1986 to 1993 out of Las Americas International Airport in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic .
Cynthea Wellings founded Ausmed as a small nursing publishing company in 1987 after self - publishing the book Urinary Continence , a practical guide .
The Lectorium enlightenment project was founded on September 26 , 2009 .
Knights of the Abyss is an American deathcore band from Glendale , Arizona , United States , formed in 2005 .
Zylom was founded in Eindhoven , the Netherlands , in 2001 .
CPM 22 is a Brazilian rock band from São Paulo formed in 1995 .
Cary Academy is a private , coeducational , nonsectarian , college - preparatory secondary school in Cary , North Carolina established in 1996 .
The Kunsthalle Nürnberg is an art centre founded in 1967 , near the city centre .
Soon after forming in 1994 , Nu Flavor found a man by the name of Bruce Johnson , and enlisted him as their manager .
Playmaker Music is an American record label , founded by producer Chadron ( `` Nitti '' ) Moore in 2007 .
The Universiti Utara Malaysia ( UUM ; English : Northern University of Malaysia ) was established on 16 February 1984 under the Universiti Utara Malaysia 1984 Order ( Statutory ) .
Political Alternative Hordaland ( Norwegian : Politisk alternativ Hordaland ) was a minor Norwegian political party which ran for the 1993 parliamentary election in the county of Hordaland where it received a mere 1.4 % of the votes .
The Frederick S. Pardee School of Global Studies at Boston University ( also referred to as The Pardee School and Pardee School of Global Studies ) is Boston University 's newest School and was established in 2014 by bringing together a number of long - established programs in international and regional studies at Boston University .
The MTV Base brand first launched in the United Kingdom and in Ireland on 1 July 1999 , later launching in other European territories such as the Netherlands and Germany .
Extensive Music is a Swedish record label founded in 1993 .
Radio BA was founded during 2009 and the station focuses on contemporary pop music , entertainment and local news .
Faber and Faber began as a firm in 1929 , but its roots go back to the Scientific Press , owned by Sir Maurice and Lady Gwyer .
American Benefit Plan Administrators , Inc. ( ABPA ) , founded in 1951 , is one of the oldest third party administration ( TPA ) firms in the US , mainly serving clients in the Taft - Hartley industry , pension plans and voluntary employee benefit associations ( VEBA ) .
TFIFX , is an online brand of TFI Markets , a financial services public company founded in 1999 to provide treasury services to European investors .
The concept for Rover.com was the first - place winner in the Seattle Startup Weekend contest in June 2011 .
Sick of It All is an American hardcore punk band , formed in 1986 in Queens , New York .
Triangle Metro Zoo ( originally Zoo Fauna ) was a privately owned and operated 40-acre ( 16 ha ) zoo that was open from 1998 until 2006 .
Loosegroove Records was a Seattle based record label formed by Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard and Brad drummer Regan Hagar in 1994 .
Welch Allyn , Inc. was founded in 1915 and is an American manufacturer of medical diagnostic devices , patient monitoring systems , and miniature precision lamps .
ECOCERT is an organic certification organization , founded in France in 1991 .
I Corps ( South Korea ) was created July 24 , 1950 , just before the Battle of Pusan Perimeter .
Thyresis is a Brazilian melodic death metal band formed in 2006 in João Pessoa , Paraíba .
The South African Sendinggestig Museum ( also known as the South African Slave Church Museum ) was established in 1977 and is currently situated in the centre of Cape Town , Western Cape , South Africa .
Mageia was created in 2010 as a fork of Mandriva Linux , by a group of former employees of Mandriva S.A. and several other developers and users and supporters of the Mandriva community .
Haifa Underdogs was established at 2005 , the year that the IFL was established .
The New Jersey Eagles were an American soccer team founded in 1987 as the Cosmopolitan Eagles .
Honeyblood is a Scottish musical duo formed in Glasgow Scotland in 2012 .
Working Assets is a corporation in the United States founded in 1985 by Peter Barnes .
Funding Circle was set up in the UK in August 2010 .
Human Rights Without Frontiers ( HRWF ) is a non - governmental organization , registered since 2001 as an association without lucrative purpose in Belgium , that `` seeks to shape European and international policy in ways that strengthen democracy , uphold the rule of law and protect human rights globally '' .
By Night is an extreme metal act from Falkenberg in Sweden , formed by André Gonzales ( guitar ) , Simon Wien ( guitar ) , and Per Qvarnström ( drums ) in 1999 .
DumDum Boys started up in the late 1970s as a punk band under the name Wannskrækk and released a few singles under that name before they reinvented themselves with a new name and a somewhat new sound in 1985 .
The New York Stem Cell Foundation ( NYSCF ) is an American 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit organization , founded in the Spring of 2005 , with the mission `` accelerating cures for the major diseases of our time through stem cell research . ''
Boyer Brothers Inc. was founded by brothers Bill and Bob Boyer in 1936 .
Many trace Brooks Pharmacy 's roots back to the defunct Pawtucket , Rhode Island based Adams Drug Company , a family owned operation which was founded in 1932 by the Salmanson Family .
The Grand Duchy of Flandrensis ( Dutch : Groothertogdom Flandrensis ) is a micronation with claims over some territories of Antarctica , which was founded in 2008 by the Belgian Niels Vermeersch .
The Vulcan Dub Squad began in a basement in Brampton , Ontario in 1997 with the founding three members --
Nations Air was a new start up airline in the United States that began operating in 1995 and ended in 1999 .
The Regional Universities Network was formed in October 2011 as a response to the regional focus for higher education of Australian government .
The Communist Party of Aotearoa is a Maoist political party which formed in 1993 as a split from the Communist Party of New Zealand , which had formerly been Maoist , but was then drifting towards Trotskyism .
Succeeding the Sports Council of Great Britain , UK Sport was established in January 1997 by Royal Charter as the UK Sports Council .
Skizoo was a Spanish Alternative Metal band from Madrid , formed in 2005 .
Incorporated in 1844 , the Allegheny Cemetery is the sixth oldest rural cemetery in America and has expanded over the years to now encompass 300 acres ( 120 ha ) .
The station , established in 2003 , is owned by MTD Radio Inc. and the broadcast license is held by MTD , Inc. KTUM shares a broadcast tower with sister station KWMW .
Suidakra was formed in 1994 by guitarist Arkadius Antonik and drummer Stefan Möller under the name Gloryfication .
Platinum Technology Inc. was founded by Andrew Filipowski in 1987 to market and support deployment of database management software products and the applications enabled by database management technology and to render related services .
It originated in 1615 as a settlement near the walls of the Zadonsky ( literally , `` over - the - Don '' ) monastery , founded in 1610 by several monks from the Sretensky Monastery in Moscow .
Kalafina is a Japanese vocal group formed by the composer Yuki Kajiura in 2007 , mainly to perform theme songs for the anime Kara no Kyōkai .
X - Sinner is an American hard rock band formed in 1988 by guitarist Greg Bishop .
Rune Grammofon is a Norwegian record label founded in 1998 by Rune Kristoffersen .
Greater Manchester was created on 1 April 1974 as a result of the Local Government Act 1972 ; and designated a City Region on 1 April 2011 .
Founded in 1998 by Ian Buzer , Preloved was started off as a hobby to supplement his addiction to visiting junk shops , car boot sales and buying all things second hand .
The Shangri - La Hotel , Tokyo , was opened on March 2 , 2009 .
United Republic ( République solidaire , RS ) is a centre - right political party in France launched by Dominique de Villepin , a former Prime Minister , on 18 June 2010 .
NetRadio ( Net.radio , NetRadio , NetRadio Network ) was a Eden Prairie , Minnesota - based company founded by Scott Bourne and radio veteran Scot Combs in 1994 .
Jersey Jack Pinball , Inc. is an American company manufacturing pinball machines , which was established in 2011 .
The Lisbon Marathon or the Cidade de Lisboa Marathon was an annual marathon held in Lisbon , Portugal in the month of November or December , established in 1986 .
The Bust of Charlemagne ( de : Karlsbüste ) is a reliquary in the form of the bust of Charlemagne made around 1350 , which contains the king 's skullcap .
Lear Corporation was launched as American Metal Products in 1917 in Detroit , Michigan .
The Southern African Regional Universities Association was established in 2005 as a membership based association for the 66 public universities in the 15 countries of the Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) .
South Asia Theological Research Institute ( SATHRI ) was established by the Board of Theological Education of the Senate of Serampore College ( BTESSC ) in the year 1989 .
The Wheat Chiefs was a Canadian melodic rock band with punk rock influence formed in 1990 in Edmonton , Alberta , and later relocated to Vancouver , British Columbia .
In 1994 the Robert Malcolm Memorial Pipe Band was created to continue the development of younger players .
Carthage College was founded by Lutheran pioneers in education in 1847 in Hillsboro , Illinois as The Literary and Theological Institute of the Lutheran Church in the Far West .
The Civil United Green Alternative movement , GROZA movement ( Russian : движение Гражданская Объединённая Зелёная Альтернатива , Russian : движение ГРОЗА ) , formerly Interregional Green Party , is a Russian movement , founded in 1991 as a local party in Leningrad .
DR Motor Company is an Italian automobile company , founded in 2006 by Massimo Di Risio .
The Pontifical College Josephinum is a four - year , Roman Catholic liberal arts college and graduate school of theology founded by Monsignor Joseph Jessing in 1888 and located in Columbus , Ohio , USA .
The William Pears Group was founded in 1952 , by Bernard Pears ( who changed his name from Schleicher on emigrating from Austria ) and his son Clive Pears .
P3 art and environment is an art organization , curatorial office and gallery in Shinjuku in Tokyo , Japan , which opened in 1989 .
The present district Prignitz was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts Pritzwalk and Perleberg and a few municipalities from the district Kyritz .
Not in Our Name ( NION ) was a United States organization founded on March 23 , 2002 to protest the U.S. government 's course in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks ; it disbanded on March 31 , 2008 .
Glass Mountain Records is an American independent record label that was launched in 2007 .
Woollim Entertainment ( Korean : 울림엔터테인먼트 ; Ullim Enteoteinmeonteu ) is a South Korean record label and entertainment agency founded in 2003 , home to artists like Nell , Infinite , Rphabet , Lovelyz , Jisun , Joo and home to actors like Kim Min - seok .
The Center for Arizona Policy was founded by Len Munsil in 1995 ; he served as Founding President and General Counsel until 2005 .
Then known as Mass Rapid Transit Corporation ( MRTC ) when it was incorporated on 6 August 1987 , it was renamed as Singapore MRT Limited before taking on its current name , SMRT Trains , in the year 2004 .
Wormrot is a Singaporean grindcore band formed in 2007 , immediately after the founding members had completed their mandatory two years of national service .
The Knuth Prize is awarded since 1996 and includes an award of $ 5000 .
Export Development Bank of Iran ( EDBI ) was established on July 10 , 1991 , and subsequently initiated its activities in September 1992 .
The band formed in 1990 , playing under a variety of different names including Enraptured and Requiem up until 1994 , when they officially settled on Epoch of Unlight .
The Center for Copyright Information was formed in September 2011 to coordinate efforts between the television , film and music industries and service providers to curb online copyright infringement and educate Internet subscribers about piracy .
The old Mid City Centre , launched in 1989 , had around 50 specialty stores over three levels .
Qibla Cola was launched onto the UK market in February 2003 , with a nationwide distribution established within months .
In 1992 , when the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers ( CAPP ) was formed , with the CPA amalgamation with the Independent Petroleum Association of Canada ( IPAC ) to form the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers ( CAPP ) , Gerry Protti was named as founding president .
Unborde ( アンボルデ anborude ; stylized as unBORDE ) is a Japanese record label established on December 21 , 2010 as a sublabel of Warner Music Japan .
Citizens Lobbying for Animals in Zoos ( CLAZ ) was an informal organization lobbying to improve conditions for the animals in California zoos , started in 1996 by then 13-year - old Justin Barker .
Ice Harbor Brewing Company is a brewery founded in Pasco , Washington in 1996 by two former workers at the Hanford Site .
Good Charlotte is an American rock band from Waldorf , Maryland that formed in 1996 .
Sky Sports News Radio was a British online radio station broadcasting sports news , results and information 24 hours a day lasted 4 years from June 2010 to September 2014 .
In the late 1980s and early 1990s , Kingsoft researched and developed word processors and other office applications , such as its flagship product , Word Processing System 1.0 , which launched in 1989 .
Bongo Maffin is a South African kwaito music group who formed in Cape Town in 1996 .
PharMerica ( NYSE : PMC ) is a publicly traded Fortune 1000 company formed in January 2007 from the merger of Kindred Healthcare 's pharmacy business with a subsidiary of AmerisourceBergen .
The Wharton India Economic Forum ( WIEF ) , established in 1996 at The Wharton School , is a student - run business forum in the United States focused on India .
Andrews McMeel Publishing , LLC ( formerly Andrews , McMeel and Parker ( 1975 - -1986 ) and Andrews and McMeel ( 1986 - -1997 ) ) is a company that publishes books , calendars , and related toys .
B'Tselem was founded in 1989 , during the First Intifada , by Israeli academics and members of civil rights and leftist organizations .
Double Denim Records is a British independent record label , launched in 2010 .
The Glenfiddich Distillery was founded in 1886 by William Grant in Dufftown , Scotland , in the glen of the River Fiddich .
SRC LLC , the predecessor to Alteryx , was founded in 1997 by Dean Stoecker , Olivia Duane Adams and Ned Harding .
Electric Dreams Software was a video game publisher established in 1985 by former managing director of Quicksilva , Rod Cousens and former Software Manager of Quicksilva , Paul Cooper .
Xiao Juan and Residents From the Valley ( 小娟和山谷里的居民 ) is a Chinese folk band founded in 1998 , with Wang Xiujuan ( artist name Xiao Juan ) as lead singer .
The Clinton County Chaos is a team of the Women 's Spring Football League based in Blanchester , Ohio , USA , and were set to begin its first season of play in 2011 .
My Wicked Twin are a Canadian hard rock band from Kitchener , Ontario that formed in 2008 .
Headquartered in Lakeville , Minnesota ( a southern suburb of Minneapolis - St . Paul ) , Progressive Rail , Inc. was established in 1996 to initially serve the Airlake Industrial Park .
Despite being a relative newcomer , The Zolas were the 4th - most heavily tracked band on the Verge for the first half of 2010 .
New Found Glory ( formerly A New Found Glory ) is an American pop punk band from Coral Springs , Florida , formed in 1997 .
The Interceltic Festival of Avilés ( FIA ) is a summer arts festival held annually in Avilés , and the surrounding area in Asturias , Spain since 1997 .
Formed in 1998 , From Zero 's music is distinguished from many earlier nu metal groups with its greater focus on vocal harmonies , and correspondingly fewer elements of hip - hop than groups such as Limp Bizkit .
Vasoon Animation is a privately owned Chinese animation studio established in Beijing , 1992 .
People 's Labor Union of Ukraine , NTSU ( Ukrainian : Народно-трудовий союз України ) is a political party of Ukraine of center - left type that was officially registered in 2006 .
C24 Gallery is a contemporary art gallery founded in 2011 and located in the New York City neighborhood of Chelsea .
Air Tahiti Nui was established on 31 October 1996 and commenced flight operations on 20 November 1998 .
KBCA first signed on the air on June 1 , 2005 as a WB Network affiliate .
Arts Council England was formed in 1994 when the Arts Council of Great Britain was divided into three separate bodies for England , Scotland and Wales .
In 1956 , some churches of the Eastern District Primitive Baptist Association separated and formed the Central Baptist Association .
SAAN was founded in 2001 by several University of Michigan students who felt that there was great demand on campus for a content - driven conference on issues of importance to the South Asian community in America ranging from humanitarian work in South Asia to increased political participation in the United States .
From its first exhibition in October 2002 , L'appartement 22 has consistently featured challenging and exciting contemporary arts programming of international acclaim .
Busoga University was founded in 1999 , following the issuance of a tertiary institutional license by the Ministry of Education and Sports .
Delphia Yachts was established in 1990 by brothers Piotr and Wojciech Kot .
Intourist was the official state travel agency of the Soviet Union , founded in 1929 by Joseph Stalin and was staffed by NKVD and later KGB officials .
The Podunk Bluegrass Festival is a bluegrass festival established in 1996 and taking place in August each year in Connecticut , USA .
The Baseball Australia Diamond Awards -- begun in 2006 -- are given annually by the Australian Baseball Federation , to honor persons who have excelled in playing , managing , or serving the sport of baseball .
Canvas Solaris were an American progressive metal band from Statesboro , Georgia , formed in 1999 , and disbanded in 2011 .
In 1945 , Günter Fronius ( 1907 - 2015 ) and his wife Friedl set up Fronius International GmbH in Pettenbach .
The Canon EOS 550D is an 18.0 megapixel digital single - lens reflex camera , announced by Canon on 8 February 2010 .
North Pacific Airlines was a small regional airline formed in 1987 , flying for United Airlines under the United Express brand name from the Seattle--
Maritime Records is an Indonesia independent record label , best known for its recordings of pop . The label was formed in Bandung , West Java in 2006 by Joz Yusadiredja ( Joz ) and Anggara Heryudasa ( Ncut ) .
Retro Stefson is an Icelandic alternative / pop - band formed in 2006 in Reykjavík .
The Wright Brothers Master Pilot Award was instituted by the United States Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) on October 11 , 2003 , to recognize pilots who have practiced safe flight operations continuously for 50 or more years during the course of their aviation careers .
The Swiss food company Nestlé owned the Findus brand from 1962 to 2000 ; it sold the rights to the brand in most of Europe in 2000 whilst retaining ownership in Switzerland .
APM Terminals was established as an independent terminal operating company within the Copenhagen , Denmark - based Maersk Group in 2001 .
QW Rail Leasing is a rolling stock operating company ( ROSCO ) formed in 2008 to fund the purchase of rolling stock in the United Kingdom , which would then be leased to train operating companies ( TOCs ) .
The Portland Fighting Fillies are a team of the Women 's Football Alliance which began play for the 2010 season .
Vasil Levski Stadium Metro Station ( Bulgarian : Метростанция `` Стадион `` Васил Левски `` ) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria . It was introduced into service on May 8 , 2009 .
Hope Music Group was founded by Philippe Nkouaya & Anthony Gorby in 2012 .
The Bucerius Kunst Forum is a private art gallery in Hamburg , Germany ; founded in 2002 through the ZEIT - Stiftung Ebelin und Gerd Bucerius foundation .
Clos des Lambrays was elevated from premier cru to grand cru status in 1981 , which meant that it was created as a separate AOC .
Warehouse Workers United was formed in 2009 as a campaign of the Change to Win Federation .
Vid Kidz was a video game developer formed in February 1981 by Defender programmers Eugene Jarvis and Larry DeMar , following their departure from Williams Electronics .
Magnavox was founded in 1917 by Edwin Pridham and Peter L. Jensen , inventor of the moving - coil loudspeaker two years earlier at their lab in Napa , California .
Since its establishment in 2002 , Les Ballets Persans has been collaborating with national ballet ensembles of former USSR countries .
Low Cut Connie is a rock and roll band established in Philadelphia in 2010 .
The Assembly of the Independentist Youth ( Galician : Assembleia da Mocidade Independentista ; or AMI ) is a Galacian independentist and socialist and feminist political organization formed and formally established by young people in Bueu in 1996 , although it have been working in coordination since 1993 .
Yeniseysk was founded in 1619 as a stockaded town -- the first town on the Yenisei River .
Kyunghyang Shinmun was founded in 1946 by the Catholic Church , which explains its name .
Associação Portuguesa Londrinense , usually known simply as Portuguesa Londrinense , is a Brazilian football team from the city of Londrina , Paraná state , founded on May 14 , 1950 .
Businessman and philanthropist George A. Weiss founded Say Yes to Education , Inc. in 1987 , initially making a promise to 112 sixth graders at Belmont Elementary School in Philadelphia that he would cover the expenses of their college tuition if they graduated from high school .
In 1877 , Primrose and West were playing with a minstrel troupe owned by J. H. Haverly .
The Concordia Political Alliance ( CPA ) is a political party in Sint Maarten founded in 2010 by Jeffry Richardson , a one - time executive assistant to former Democratic Party commissioners Roy Marlin and Louie Laveist .
Madanapalle Institute of Technology and Science also known as MITS is established in 1998 in Madanapalle , Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
It was renamed La Libre Belgique and was published as part of the underground press in February 1915 during the occupation of Belgium by German Empire .
The Cornwall Wildlife Trust is a charitable organisation founded in 1962 that is concerned solely with Cornwall , England .
Mookambigai College of Engineering was established in 1985 under Sri Mariamman Educational , Health and Charitable Trust , Woraiyur , Tiruchirappalli .
Trijicon was founded in 1981 by Glyn Bindon as Armson USA , the sole US importer and distributor of the Armson OEG .
Since April 2008 , Austrojet operated the Salzburg --
Hodeidah University ( also spelled Hodeida University ) , ( Arabic=جامعة الحديدة ) was established in Hodeida as an official University in 1996 .
Essex Records was founded in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , in 1951 by David Miller primarily to record contemporary country and western , rhythm and blues as well as jazz and gospel .
Sävsjö HK is a handball club in Sävsjö , Sweden , established on 1 August 1978 .
Falkland Islands Dependencies was the constitutional arrangement for administering the British territories in Sub - Antarctica and Antarctica from 1843 until 1985 .
Dragnerve are a London based heavy metal band formed in 2007 .
The Rajyadhikara Party is a new political party , comprising 94 castes of Backward Classes ( BC ) , established in 2007 in Andhra Pradesh , India by V.G.R. Naragoni as its Founder - President .
In 1993 , River North Records signed a deal with vocalist Peter Cetera to record some of Cetera 's albums .
IN2 is a privately - owned company established in 1992 , that designs and develops information systems based on advanced information technologies .
Evil Masquerade is a Scandinavian heavy metal band formed in 2003 .
The Vice Regent Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1997 at the end of August at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto , Ontario .
The history of Schleissheim Palace started with a renaissance country house ( 1598 ) and hermitage founded by William V close to Dachau Palace .
The Denver Cutthroats were a minor league ice hockey team , as a member of the Central Hockey League , that began play in the 2012 - -13 season .
Massachusetts Convention Fandom , Inc. ( MCFI ) is an American 501(c)(3 ) tax - exempt non - profit organization incorporated in 1974 as an administrative vehicle for proposing , promoting , and running World Science Fiction Conventions ( Worldcons ) and other special ( non - ongoing ) SF conventions in the New England area .
Clonmel Junction Festival was established in 2001 and has grown to be one of the most significant cultural celebrations of the Irish summer festival season .
The MPA was founded as Max Planck Institute for Physics and Astrophysics in 1958 and split into the Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics and the Max Planck Institute for Physics in 1991 .
Pandemic Studios was an independent developer founded in 1998 .
Established in Dublin 1988 , Kerlin Gallery has built its international reputation through the representation of leading contemporary artists both from Ireland and abroad .
The Bronko Nagurski Trophy has been awarded annually since 1993 to the collegiate American football player adjudged by the membership of the Football Writers Association of America ( FWAA ) to be the best defensively in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ; the award is presented by the Charlotte Touchdown Club and the FWAA .
Kent Innovation High opened in Grand Rapids , Michigan in 2011 with one hundred freshmen , four facilitators , and supporting administration .
The Australian National Line was formed on 1 October 1956 as the Australian Coastal Shipping Commission with the passing of the Australian Coastal Shipping Commission Act .
Zorch International is a promotional marketing firm that focuses on branding , founded in 2002 .
The company was founded by the De'Longhi family in 1902 as a small industrial parts manufacturing workshop .
The Champions Hockey League is a European ice hockey tournament launched by 26 clubs , 6 leagues and the International Ice Hockey Federation ( IIHF ) , which started in the 2014 - -15 season .
Magal Security Systems Ltd. was founded in 1969 as a department of the Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI ) .
The Kuopio Province ( Finnish : Kuopion lääni , Swedish : Kuopio län ) was a province of Finland from 1831 to 1997 .
Vipnet has been operating a GSM network since 1 July 1999 and introduced many new services unknown before in Croatia - prepaid , MMS roaming and others .
2SSR began permanently broadcasting on the 26 September 1992 .
Figleaves.com is a UK - based online lingerie retailer established by Daniel Nabarro in 1988 and purchased by N Brown Group in 2010 .
Les Percussions de Guinée was founded in 1987 by the Ministry of Information , Culture , and Tourism of the Republic of Guinea with the meeting between seven nationals drummers and the French artist François Kokelaere .
The Cumberland Panthers were founded in 1993 , starting out in the Mosquito level of the National Capital Amateur Football Association .
Studioseven Recordings is a Japanese record label founded in 2006 which is a subsidiary of Sony Music Records .
In 1927 it was registered as the Hamburger Segel - Club at the registry in Hamburg .
Psychonaut Records is an independent record label founded in 1999 by Dutch rock band The Gathering .
Thai Square was founded in 1996 when the first branch opened on The Strand in central London .
Started by Alan Kay , Viewpoints Research Institute ( VPRI ) is a nonprofit public benefit organization incorporated in 2001 to improve `` powerful ideas education '' for the world 's children and to advance the state of systems research and personal computing .
The Media Council of Papua New Guinea ( MCPNG ) was established in 1985 and is a body responsible for the development of media and the regulator of media services in Papua New Guinea ( PNG ) .
Created in 2006 , the Open de Suède Vårgårda is part of the UCI Women 's Road World Cup and sanctioned by the Swedish Cycling Federation .
The first edition of the Italian Contemporary Film Festival was held in Toronto , Ontario between June 26 and July 1 , 2012 .
Eventually , Hirth returned to aircraft engine manufacturing in 1965 , but in 1974 went into voluntary liquidation .
X.A.N. Thessaloniki B.C. is the basketball department of the Greek multi - sports club X.A.N. Thessaloniki ( Greek : Χριστιανική Αδελφότητα Νέων Θεσσαλονίκης , which means Young Men 's Christian Association of Thessaloniki ) , that was originally founded in 1921 , and is based in Thessaloniki , Greece .
Officer Kicks are a British rock group who formed in early 2005 in Southeast London .
KJTY signed on as a locally - owned religious station in 1985 , Joy 88 , owned by Joy Public Broadcasting .
The Church was formed on January 1 , 2009 , when the Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony merged with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Thuringia and became the Evangelical Church in Central Germany .
The Minor Seminary of Our Lady of Fatima , the oldest Roman Catholic Seminary in East Timor was founded in 1936 .
Founded in 2006 by Bryan Leach , the New York based company is home to record label Polo Grounds Music , which is distributed through RCA Records .
The Leyland Band was established in 1946 in the heart of industrial Lancashire as the Leyland Motors Band , taking its name from the world famous truck and bus company .
Youtoo America , formerly known as Youtoo TV , American Life TV Network ( ALN ) , GoodLife TV Network , Nostalgia Television , Nostalgia Channel and America One , is an American television network launched on February 1 , 1985 as a cable channel .
The company Anton Schlüter München was founded in 1898 , by councillor of commerce ( German : Kommerzienrat ) Anton Schlüter .
The Summer Slaughter Tour is an annual heavy metal music tour held every year since 2007 .
The Muppets Studio , LLC , formerly The Muppets Holding Company , LLC , is a wholly owned entertainment subsidiary of Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media Labs , formed in 2004 through The Walt Disney Company 's acquisition of The Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House assets from The Jim Henson Company .
Tiger Bell is a punk rock band from Luleå , based in Stockholm , Sweden formed in September 2010 by Lovisa Thurfjell ( lead vocals / rhythm guitar ) , Canan Rosén ( bass / backup vocals ) , Lisa Löfgren ( lead guitar / backup vocals ) , and Lotta Wennström ( drums ) .
The Eckersberg Medal was created in 1883 , on the 100th birthday of its namesake .
H2biz was founded in November 2008 as a social business network .
The parliament of the republic declared the sovereignty of Belarus on 27 July 1990 , and during the dissolution of the Soviet Union , Belarus declared independence on 25 August 1991 .
The Tour of Almaty is an annual professional road bicycle racing classic one - day race held in Kazakhstan since 2013 .
Shortly after Harvey Kornspan negotiated the band 's landmark contract with Capitol / EMI Records in 1967 , the band shortened its name to the Steve Miller Band .
Lagos Business School ( LBS ) started in 1991 as a small institution called the Centre for Professional Communications ( CPC ) and offered management courses relevant to the Nigerian business environment .
High Risk Books was founded in New York City in 1993 , as an imprint of Serpent 's Tail Press of London .
The original Farmer 's Almanac founded in 1792 , Old Farmer 's Almanac is a reference book that contains weather forecasts , tide tables , planting charts , astronomical data , recipes , and articles on a number of topics , including gardening , sports , astronomy , and farming .
It was launched on 27 August 1997 as ZDFinfokanal .
Belier is the designation of a single - step French elevator research rocket , which in three versions between 1961 and 1970 by Hammaguir , Salto di Quirra , Ile you Levant and Kourou was started .
In May 2004 , Cerberus Capital Management , along with a team of senior leaders from the division , purchased the assets of the distribution division from Georgia - Pacific , forming the company known today as BlueLinx Corporation .
ActBlue is a United States political action committee established in June 2004 that enables anyone to raise money on the Internet for the Democratic Party candidates of their choice .
It was founded on 26 August 1941 , But after the dividing of Pakistan it has run their activities as Bangladesh Jamaat - e - Islami .
Patuakhali Medical College ( PkMC ) ( Bengali : পটুয়াখালী মেডিকেল কলেজ ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh , established in 2014 .
The Party for the Autonomy of Gibraltar ( PAG ) was a minority right - wing political party in Gibraltar founded on 7 September 1977 .
LoveCat Music is an America based independent record company and music publisher , founded in 1999 with a catalog of over 10,000 songs from a varied roster of songwriter - artists .
The Army of Mainz ( Armée de Mayence ) was a French Revolutionary Army set up on 9 December 1797 by splitting the Armée d'Allemagne into the Armée de Mayence and the Armée du Rhin .
Object Design , Incorporated ( often called ODI ) was a software company founded in 1988 which developed and commercialized an object database called ObjectStore .
Hong Kong Futsal League ( Chinese : 香港五人足球聯賽 ) is the official futsal league held by Hong Kong Football Association , established in 2010 .
Tour de Leelanau was a USA Cycling road bicycle racing event held annually from 2005 to 2008 in Leelanau County , Michigan ( near Traverse City ) .
Horasis is an independent think tank based in Zurich , Switzerland , which was established in 2005 by Frank - Jürgen Richter , its chairman .
Originally founded in 1985 as LAN Systems , the company 's software product assets were acquired by Intel in 1991 , forming Intel 's LANDESK division .
In 1932 , James Work , an aeronautical engineer , bought the division for US$ 30,000 and created the Brewster Aeronautical Corporation .
Glitter Pals was a two piece band formed in 2004 by then Vassar College students Mookie Singerman and Jake Friedman , their name taking inspiration from the glitter that would remain on their sweat drenched bodies after their intense lovemaking sessions in their ' glitter box ' .
Audiolith Records was founded in 2003 by Lars Lewerenz , who had worked for Dim Mak Records before and had been an active member of the band Dos Stilettos .
Lighthouse Christian Academy , in Santa Monica , California , is a private , non - profit college preparatory school founded in 1992 as an outgrowth of the Lighthouse Church School ( founded in 1983 ) .
After the princely House of Eggenberg had become extinct , Gradisca was re - unified with Gorizia in 1754 , creating the County of Gorizia and Gradisca ( Grafschaft Görz und Gradisca / Contea di Gorizia e Gradisca ) .
North American Van Lines was established in 1933 by a group of 12 agents .
Shakinouts are an English indie rock band who formed in 2007 and ended in 2011 .
The Stadtbrauerei Spalt ( Spalt City Brewery in German ) is a brewery in the Middle Franconian town of Spalt which was created in the year 1879 through the merger of numerous smaller breweries .
The GLBT History Museum of Central Florida began in 2005 as the GLBT History Project when a small group came together to plan a history exhibit in the Orange County History Center as part of the first Come Out With Pride ( COWP ) celebration .
Founded in 1982 , the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research is a non - profit research and teaching institution located in Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA .
Miss World Denmark is a beauty pageant that came into existence in 2004 when the Miss Denmark competition split into two separate competitions :
Beyond Fear is a heavy metal band started in March , 2005 by Tim `` Ripper '' Owens after he left Judas Priest as a side - project apart from his former work with Iced Earth .
It provided operational and technical electronic combat expertise for US combat air forces from 1993 to 1998 when it was inactivated and replaced by the 53d Electronic Warfare Group due to USAF policy that groups carry the same number as their parent wing .
The first - ever Miss Tibet Pageant was produced by Lobsang Wangyal in October 2002 .
In 1987 , the Parliament of Queensland granted Bond University university status via the passage of the Bond University Act .
The NOH8 Campaign was created in 2009 as a result of the amendment of Proposition 8 .
Royn Hvalba or Bóltfelagið Royn or just Royn is a Faroese football and sports association from Hvalba in Suðuroy , founded 23 October 1923 .
Deepfield was formed in Charleston , SC in 2005 by Baxter Teal , Eric Bass ( now the bassist for Shinedown ) , Russell Lee ( drums ) and J. King ( original bass player , moved over to guitar when Bass left the band to pursue producing and recording ) .
Orgia Pravednikov ( Russian : Оргия Праведников , translated as ' Orgy of The Righteous ' ) is a Russian rock group formed in 1999 .
Ushirogami Hikaretai ( うしろ髪ひかれ隊 ) is a Japanese idol Jpop band , created in 1987 and disbanded in 1988 , third sub - group of Onyanko Club , consisting of three of its members :
The Blue Nose Marathon is a charity road marathon that has been held each spring in Halifax since 2004 .
The Toronto Youth Shorts Film Festival was founded in 2009 by Henry Wong , a graduate of the University of Toronto Scarborough where he coordinated screenings of student films .
GAIL D.A.V. Public School ( Hindi : गेल डी.ए.वी पब्लिक स्कूल , स्थापित- १९९७ ) , is an English medium co - educational senior secondary school established in 1997 situated at Gail Gaon , Dibiyapur , Auraiya , Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Warwick Economics Summit began in 2002 with an audience of 170 students .
The present site opened in 1957 , became the County Technical College in 1961 , transformed again in 1987 , becoming the Northumberland College of Arts and Technology , and finally settled upon its current status in 1995 .
The Jacksonville Braves were a minor league baseball team based in Jacksonville , Florida , U.S. The Class A affiliate of the Milwaukee Braves Major League Baseball team , they played in the South Atlantic League ( the `` Sally League '' ) from 1953 to 1961 .
Founded in 2005 by a group of Montreal investors , Brazzers became part of a larger group of pornographic sites under the corporate name of Mansef .
Otpor ! was formed in Belgrade on 10 October 1998 in response to a controversial piece of legislation in Serbia -- the university law -- introduced earlier that year by the Serbian government under Prime Minister Mirko Marjanović .
The Metal Roofing Alliance ( MRA ) was formed in 1998 by a group of metal roofing manufacturers with the main goal of educating consumers about the benefits of metal roofing .
The Cooperative Baptist Fellowship ( CBF ) is a Christian fellowship of Baptist churches formed in 1991 .
The Arrogant Worms came together in 1991 to do a few spots on campus radio station CFRC in Kingston , Ontario , and quickly moved to doing spots on CBC Radio , particularly on Jack Farr 's The Radio Show .
Surreal Software was founded in 1995 as an independent video game development studio by Alan Patmore , Stuart Denman , Nick Radovich and Mike Nichols .
Black Swan Lane is a US / UK indie rock band / project founded in 2007 by Jack Sobel and John Kolbeck ( formerly of The Messengers ) , and Mark Burgess ( formerly of The Chameleons , The Sun and the Moon , and Bird ) .
Created by Lycos and launched in mid October , 2010 , Weather Zombie is a website that provides weather forecasting via a weather data feed from AccuWeather and relayed through various weather themed zombies .
Agenzia Stefani was the leading press agency in Italy from the mid-19th century until the end of World War II . It was founded by Guglielmo Stefani on 26 January 1853 in Turin , and was closed on 29 April 1945 in Milan .
The first company of the Kombassan Group , a printing house , was founded in Konya in late 1988 .
România TV is a 24-hour Romanian news television , launched on December 1 , 2011 .
The Arnold Schönberg Center , established in 1998 in Vienna , is a unique repository of Arnold Schönberg 's archival legacy and a cultural center that is open to the public .
FC Zvezda Ryazan ( Russian : ФК `` Звезда Рязань '' ) is an association football club from Ryazan , Russia , founded in 2010 after FC Ryazan was dissolved .
He founded John Thompson Productions in 1997 .
Dunya School was a part of Khazar University and was established by professor Hamlet Isaxanli ( Isayev ) ( or Hamlet Isakhanli ) in September 1998 in Baku , Azerbaijan with the objective to educate preschool and school students , individuals of 3 - -18 years old .
The Fuerzas Especiales ( Special Forces ) , also known as FES ( the initials of their motto ) , is a special operations unit of the Mexican Navy officially established in late 2001 .
The Grantham Prize was an annual journalism award awarded between September 2005 and October 2012 .
Launched in 1997 by Thai company BEC - TERO , TV3 Ghana airs and produces a variety of television programmes including acclaimed news bulletins , dramas and successful reality television and entertainment shows .
The Unified Nepal National Front ( UNNF , established 15 August 2005 ) is a political organisation whose main objective is the return of the territories of Nepal lost as a result of Sugauli Treaty on 4 March 1816 .
Poble Lliure was founded in November 2014 from historical militants of the Movement for Defence of the Land ( MDT ) and independents linked to social movements .
International Hepato - Pancreato - Biliary Association ( IHPBA ) is a non - profit organization established in 1994 to focus on medical conditions and procedures related to the liver , pancreas and biliary tract .
Sear Bliss is a black metal band from Szombathely , Hungary , formed in 1993 by bassist , vocalist and now also keyboardist András Nagy .
On February 25 , 2010 , both companies signed an agreement to unite their respective business activities by transferring selected assets and liabilities of both companies a new company to be called PMFTC , Inc. , with each party holding an equal economic interest .
Nizhny Novgorod Governorate ( Russian : Нижегородская губерния , Nizhegorodskaya guberniya ) , was an administrative division ( a guberniya ) of the Russian Empire , which existed from 1714 to 1929 .
The Free State of Lippe ( German : Freistaat Lippe ) was a German state formed after the Principality of Lippe was abolished following the German Revolution of 1918 .
He relaunched the website in January 25 , 2010 with the name Bilibili .
The Hong Kong Film Critics Society ( HKFCS ; Traditional Chinese : 香港電影評論學會 ) , founded in 1995 , is the first organization of film critics and professionals in Hong Kong .
The Oakland Skates were a professional roller hockey team and were a member team in Roller Hockey International ( RHI ) from 1993 through 1996 .
Inaugurated in 1993 , the Cicada Stakes was run at a distance of seven furlongs until 2006 when it was modified to six furlongs .
Jefferson Dollars for Scholars is a Jefferson Parish , Louisiana based philanthropic organization founded in 1993 whose mission is to expand access to educational opportunities for Jefferson Parish Public Schools students through scholarships and academic support .
Tree Canada began in 1992 under the name `` The National Community Tree Foundation '' and was originally funded by the Canadian Forest Service ( CFS ) , a branch of the government ministry Natural Resources Canada .
This Act was amended in 2004 to formalise the relationship with Charles Darwin University ( CDU ) .
The Quill Award was an American literary award that ran for three years in 2005 - 2007 .
The Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation ( Arabic : `` هيئة الإذاعة و التلفزيون الفلسطينية '' ) ( PBC ) was established on 1 July 1994 and is within the jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority .
The Action Reconciliation Service for Peace ( German : Aktion Sühnezeichen Friedensdienste , or ASF ) was founded in 1958 by the synod of the Evangelical Church in Germany , driven by the efforts of Lothar Kreyssig .
Fresh Faces is an annual international modeling contest launched in 2010 by ModelManagement.com , an online social networking website for models , photographers , modeling agencies and other fashion industry professionals .
Tamil Nadu Open University ( TNOU ) is the 10th Open University in the country , was established in 2002 by the government of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Serbian Women 's Cup ( Serbian : Kupa Srbija za zene ) is the national women 's football cup competition in Serbia and was first held in 2007 .
Amano Artisan Chocolate was founded by Art Pollard and Clark Goble in 2006 , in Orem , Utah .
The Bechuanaland Protectorate /bɛˈtʃwɑːnəˌlænd/ was a protectorate established on 31 March 1885 , by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in southern Africa .
Valencian Marxist Front ( in Valencian : Front Marxista Valencià ) , an underground communist group in the Valencian Community , Spain , founded in 1954 by youth active in Lo Rat Penat .
Suntribe was an Estonian girl band that participated in the 50th Eurovision Song Contest in 2005 .
Founded in 1984 , the Hanover - based Musica Alta Ripa is well - known for their historically - informed musical performances .
Xenophile Media is a Toronto - based cross - platform production company founded in 2002 by Patrick Crowe and Thomas Wallner .
Salon de thé François was established in 1934 by Shōichi Tateno ( September 7 , 1908 -- June 6 , 1995 ) .
Since launching in 2006 Mercy Mission has been working on placing domestic poverty firmly on the agenda of the Muslim community .
The 2 Bears are a British musical duo formed in 2009 composed of Joe Goddard ( of electronic band Hot Chip ) and Raf Rundell ( previously of 1965 Records ) .
The Second International ( 1889 - -1916 ) , the original Socialist International , was an organization of socialist and labour parties formed in Paris on July 14 , 1889 .
Brandon Paris Band is a Canadian rock band from Vancouver , British Columbia , Brandon Paris started the band in 2002 .
The Knoxville Ice Bears were founded in 2002 as a charter member of the Atlantic Coast Hockey League .
Central University of Tamil Nadu ( CUTN ) was established by an Act of Parliament ( No.25 of 20 March 2009 ) .
A free version of ManageFlitter was launched in February 2010 and a commercial `` Pro '' version of ManageFlitter was launched in February 2011 .
Game Informer debuted in August 1991 when FuncoLand started publishing a six - page magazine .
Diesel Only Records is a Brooklyn - based country music record label established in 1990 by musician - journalist Jeremy Tepper , then also the lead singer of the World Famous Blue Jays .
The Textile Museum of Canada was founded as the Canadian Museum of Carpets and Textiles in 1975 by Max Allen and Simon Waegemaekers .
The Hans Christian Andersen Literature Award is a Danish literary award established in 2010 .
The École nationale d'administration ( ENA ; French pronunciation : ​(ekɔl nasjɔnal dadministʁasjɔ̃ ) ; English : National School of Administration ) , one of the French graduate schools ( Grandes écoles ) , was created in 1945 by Charles de Gaulle to democratise access to the senior civil service .
Trinity River National Wildlife Refuge was established on January 4 , 1994 with an initial purchase of 4,400 acres ( 18 km2 ) .
The self - titled debut album Quadron was released in late July 2009 .
Cooper Firearms of Montana was founded in 1990 by Dan Cooper and two other former Kimber of Oregon employees .
Chain Collector is a heavy metal band from Norway that formed in 2003 .
The Social Weather Stations or SWS is a social research institution in the Philippines founded in August 1985 .
Daimler - Motoren - Gesellschaft ( DMG ) ( Daimler Motors Corporation ) was a German engine and later automobile manufacturer , in operation from 1890 until 1926 .
The Weimarer Passion , BWV deest ( BC D 1 ) , is a hypothetical Passion oratorio by Johann Sebastian Bach , thought to have been performed at Gotha in 1717 .
Revionics was founded in 2002 in Roseville , California , The company acquired Retail Optimization in July 2012 and acquired SkuLoop in November 2012 .
The construction permit of WBWZ was awarded in 1991 to Betty Walker , the mother of then - WRWD owner William H. ( `` Bud '' ) Walker and owner of an area apple orchard .
Storenvy first launched as an online store builder in 2010 .
Enfora was established in 1999 and is a provider of wireless networking solutions that enable businesses to access , analyze and leverage information from their geographically dispersed assets .
École / Collège régional Gabrielle - Roy , built in 1984 , is a French - language high school in Île - des - Chênes , Manitoba , Canada .
Arseus was formerly the Professional Health Division of Omega Pharma , and became an independent entity via an IPO on October 5 , 2007 and has been listed on NYSE Euronext Brussels and NYSE Euronext Amsterdam since then .
The Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock / Metal Performance Vocal or Instrumental was an award presented at the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989 to honor quality hard rock / metal works ( albums or songs ) .
The Moscow Student Conference on Linguistics ( MSCL ) is an annual student linguistic conference , which started in 2006 .
Jimmy LaSalvia and Christopher R. Barron co - founded GOProud on April 15 , 2009 .
The World Jewish Congress ( WJC ) was founded in Geneva , Switzerland , in August 1936 as an international federation of Jewish communities and organizations .
Pitch Black Forecast is a Groove Metal supergroup formed in 2005 with a lineup consisting of Mushroomhead frontman Jason Popson and ex - Strapping Young Lad drummer Gene Hoglan and former Integrity bassist Steve Rauckhorst .
Western Norway Film Commission ( WNFC ) was the first regional film commission in Norway , established in 2003 .
Bullying UK , formerly Bullying Online , is a UK charity founded in 1999 by journalist Liz Carnell and her son John .
African International Airways was established and started operations in 1985 in Swaziland , initially concentrating on contract services on behalf of other airlines .
X - Mas Project was a supergroup formed in 1985 by a number of German heavy metal musicians .
Small World Software was a New York City company that was founded in February 1994 by Scott Murphy , Mark Jacobstein and Seth Aron .
Vantive Corporation was founded in 1990 as ProActive Software by Roger Sippl ( also founder of Informix ) , and Steven Goldsworthy ( Informix worker ) .
International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies ( ISTSS ) was established on March 2 , 1985 in Washington , D.C. for professionals to share information about the effects of trauma .
The Reading Fringe Festival was started in 2005 in Reading , Berkshire , after a group of several musicians , producers and promoters decided to showcase Reading 's musical talent in the week running up to the Reading Festival .
The Microfinance Investment Support Facility for Afghanistan ( MISFA ) was set up in 2003 at the invitation of the Afghan government -- to get donor coordination right from the start and avoid the counter - productive efforts that have emerged from conflicting donor objectives in other post - conflict situations .
Michael Werner Gallery is an art gallery founded by Michael Werner in New York City during the year 1990 .
Qingling Motors Co. , Ltd. ( 庆铃汽车有限公司 ) with headquarters in Chongqing is a Chinese automotive and commercial vehicle manufacturers , in place since May 1985 .
The Porters of Hellsgate Theatre Co. is a Los Angeles - based classical theatre company that was founded in 2006 by Edward Castuera , Jack Leahy and Charles Pasternak .
Many years later in 2002 , Hall County Schools added two new high schools , a new Flowery Branch High School and Chestatee High School in the northern part of the county .
Founded in 1979 by Advent veterans Andy Kotsatos and Frank Reed , Boston Acoustics is a manufacturer of home and mobile audio equipment .
Founded in 2001 , Jeonju International Sori Festival ( 전주세계소리축제 ) is Korea 's main event for traditional music and , since 2011 , world music .
The Australian Mathematical Sciences Institute ( AMSI ) was established in 2002 in response to a need for collaboration in the mathematical sciences to strengthen mathematics and statistics especially in the universities .
Light Pupil Dilate was an American rock trio from Atlanta , Georgia that formed in 2001 .
The Army then established an anti - PKI trade union , the Central Organization of Indonesian Workers , or Soksi ( Sentral Organisasi Karyawan Swadiri Indonesia ) , and used this as the core of an Army - led Joint Secretariat of Functional Groups , or Sekber Golkar , which was officially established on October 20 , 1964 .
Blacklodge is an industrial black metal band from France , founded in 1998 by Saint Vincent in Grenoble .
Camps International was founded in 2002 by Stuart Rees Jones , to sell volunteer expeditions to Diani , Kenya , of which volunteers would participate in projects related to the local school .
The 9th SS Panzer Division Hohenstaufen was formed , along with its sister formation 10th SS Panzer Division Frundsberg , in France in February 1943 .
The restaurant chain was established in 1985 by Rocco Pantaleo and Felice Nania when they bought a run - down pizza parlour called La Porchetta in Rathdowne Street Carlton .
SMERSH ( Russian : СМЕРШ -- acronym of ' death to spies ' -- Russian : Смерть шпионам ( SMERt ' SHpionam ) ) was an umbrella organisation for three independent counter - intelligence agencies in the Red Army formed in late 1942 or even earlier , but officially announced only on 14 April 1943 .
It is established by the Bureau of Indian Standards Act , 1986 which came into effect on 23 December 1986 .
The Prison Services ( Operational Duties ) Long Service and Good Conduct Medal was established by Royal Warrant on 17 December 2010 .
Obi Worldphone , previously Obi Mobiles , is a Silicon Valley smartphone manufacturer founded in 2014 by former Apple Inc. and PepsiCo CEO John Sculley .
The Indigenous Peoples ' Games ( Portuguese : Jogos dos Povos Indígenas ) are a Brazilian multi - sport event for indigenous peoples , founded in 1996 by the Inter Tribal Council ( ITC ) with the support of the Brazilian Ministry of Sports .
Nico Touches the Walls ( stylized as NICO Touches the Walls ) is a Japanese rock band formed in 2004 .
D.I.O. Drogist ( abbreviated Dutch Drogisten Inkoop Organisatie ) is a Dutch pharmacy chain founded in 1992 .
Gassco was founded by the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy ( MPE ) on 14 May 2001 , and took over the operatorship of all gas transport from the Norwegian continental shelf on 1 January 2002 .
The Civic Association of Potosí ( Spanish : Asociación Cívica de Potosí - ACP ) is a Nicaraguan political organization founded in 1996 in Potosí , Rivas , under the figure of a popular subscription association .
Defrage is an Estonian metal and rock band formed in 2007 .
Wirthlin Worldwide was a political and business consulting firm founded by Richard Wirthlin in 1969 .
PGS Entertainment is a French 3-D animation company which began in 2008 whose slogan is `` Managing Iconic Brands for Kids & Family '' .
The ArsDigita Prize , sponsored by ArsDigita and Philip Greenspun , was awarded annually in June 1999 , 2000 , and 2001 to young people who created `` useful , educational , and collaborative '' non - commercial Web sites .
The Club was established as FC Bendigo in 2014 as part of the newly formed National Premier Leagues Victoria ( NPL ) competition , and then reformed as Bendigo City FC the following year .
Subterranean Masquerade is a progressive metal band that was formed in 1997 by Tomer Pink , who is a guitarist and primary songwriter for the band .
Atlanta Bread Company is a privately owned bakery cafe chain established in 1993 .
Potomac Falls High School opened in 1997 , drawing its student body from Park View High School , Broad Run High School and Seneca Ridge Middle School .
Crack ov Dawn is a French glam metal band founded in 2002 .
Saturnian Mist is a black metal band that formed in 2006 at Kuopio , Finland by vocalist fra .
The Swissôtel Krasnye Holmy Moscow was the tallest hotel building in Moscow when it was completed in 2005 .
The Sony α33 or Sony Alpha 33 ( model name SLT - A33 ) is a digital SLT camera announced by Sony on August 24 , 2010 , at the same time as the Sony Alpha 55 .
Kookai is a French fashion label founded in 1983 by Jean - Lou Tepper , Jacques Nataf and Philippe de Hesdin .
The Muckrakers were a rock band from Louisville , Kentucky that formed in 1997 .
The company began as a metal etching factory founded in Berlin by Wilhelm Heidenhain in 1889 that manufactured templates , company plaques , product labels , and scales .
Transportation Technology Center , Inc.,(TTCI ) was formed on January 1 , 1998 , as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Association of American Railroads ( AAR ) .
Österreichischer Lloyd ( English : Austrian Lloyd , Italian : Lloyd Austriaco ) was the largest Austro - Hungarian shipping company founded in 1833 .
In 1894 Rivières du Sud , Cote d'Ivoire and Dahomey were separated into ' independent ' colonies , with Rivières du Sud being renamed the Colony of French Guinea .
Effective from 1 January 2011 , Glarus Nord incorporates the former municipalities of Bilten , Filzbach , Mollis , Mühlehorn , Näfels , Niederurnen , Oberurnen and Obstalden .
Island6 Arts Center ( Chinese : 六岛艺术中心 ) is an artist - run space and creative platform established in Shanghai in 2006 by French curator / artist Thomas Charvériat .
The Farm 51 is a Polish video game developer founded in 2005 by three industry veterans , Wojciech Pazdur , Kamil Bilczyński ( both have previously worked on the Painkiller series at People Can Fly ) and Robert Siejka ( former president of 3D Magazine ) .
The Monastic Fraternities of Jerusalem were founded in 1975 by Brother Pierre - Marie Delfieux ( died March 2013 ) ( until then prior general ) with the aim of promoting the spirit of the monastic desert ( cf . Charles de Foucauld ) in the heart of cities .
Green Alternative Freiburg ( German : Grüne Alternative Freiburg ) , GAF for short , is the name of a local political party in Freiburg i m Breisgau that split off from the Greens in the City Council in 2008 .
Magane ( 凶音 ) is a Japanese black metal band from Tokyo formed in 1999 .
Rowe Racing is the motor racing team of Rowe Mineralölwerk GmbH. Since 2011 Rowe Racing has competed in series such as the VLN ( Association of Nürburgring Endurance Cup Organizers ) and the 24 Hours Nürburgring .
Lunatic Soul is a progressive rock side - project founded by Riverside vocalist and bass guitarist Mariusz Duda in 2008 .
Aviandina ( IATA : SJ , ICAO : VND , Call sign : Aviandina ) was a small airline from Peru , which was operational between 1999 ad 2003 .
Krugersdorp ( Afrikaans for Kruger 's town ) is a mining city in the West Rand , Gauteng Province , South Africa founded in 1887 by Marthinus Pretorius .
Founded in 2006 by Adam Fine , communications professional and industry commentator , TRUSTcollective represents advertising agencies , digital agencies , technology startups , content creation studios , and small to mid - sized brands .
The National Network to End Domestic Violence(NNEDV ) is a not - for - profit organization based in the District of Columbia since 1995 .
Dweller at the Threshold ( DATT ) was an electronic music band based in Portland , Oregon , USA from 1993 to 2005 .
The Mustangs are a British blues rock band that was formed in Hampshire in 2001 .
MeeMix Ltd is a company specializing in personalizing media - related content recommendations , discovery and advertising for the telecommunication industry , founded in 2006 .
Fitzgerald Auto Malls is a family owned and operated auto dealership that was founded in 1966 , with its first location opening in Bethesda , Maryland .
The Games Maker Choir is a choir formed of Games Makers , volunteers who participated in the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games .
Established in 2003 by a group of young intellectuals from Sakarya University and local notables from the city , Sakarya Bilgi Kültür Merkezi is one of the leading civil - society organizations in Sakarya .
The Christian Women in Media Association ( CWIMA ) is an international nonprofit organization that was founded in 2002 as Women in Christian Media by Suellen Roberts , who serves as the organization 's president .
In 1985 Armstrong sold the Canadian business and , along with Frederick M. Pakis , formed U.S .- based JDA Software , Inc. in Cleveland , Ohio .
Grapevine Mills opened on October 30 , 1997 , and is one of the largest malls owned by The Mills platform of Simon Property Group .
Lions Lions began in 2008 with their first EP titled Direction .
Café Coffee Day was started as a retail restaurant arm of CGL in 1996 .
Toon Disney was launched on April 18 , 1998 , the Disney Channel 's 15-year anniversary , by Disney / ABC Networks on digital tiers of DirecTV , Marcus Cable and EchoStar .
Kinderstern / Star for Children , is an artwork the German artist Imi Knoebel has created since 1988 .
Youth Travel Circle ( YTC ) was founded in 1967 as part of church 's `` Emigrants ' Commission '' to help and cater youth coming abroad to Malta .
Dark Sanctuary is a French Dark Atmospheric , Goth Opera band which was formed in 1996 in Paris .
The Voltigeurs were French military skirmish units created in 1804 by Emperor Napoleon I.
The Organ was a Canadian post - punk band formed in 2001 in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Eftekasat ( Arabic : افتكاسات‎ ) is an Egyptian Oriental jazz band that was established in late 2001 and gave its debut performance in February 2002 at the Cairo Jazz Club .
In 1981 , the band released an EP , Magazine 60 , by Barclay Records .
The Klingspor Type Foundry was a German hot metal type foundry established in 1892 when Carl Klingspor bought out the Rudhard’sche Foundry of Offenbach .
Western Vinyl is an independent record label founded in 1998 and based in Austin , Texas .
Guanacaste Waldorf School was founded in 2011 by three families , who were immersed in Waldorf education in different ways .
Stop Immigration was founded on 15 September 1987 by Jack Erik Kjuus .
The British Sugar Corporation was a company that was formed in 1936 , when the British parliament nationalised the entire sugar beet crop processing industry , under the banner of British Sugar Corporation .
Mrigya is an Indian World fusion music band from New Delhi which was formed in 1999 .
Bochumer Turnverein 1848 was forced by the Nazi regime to merge with Turn- und Sport Bochum 1908 and Sportverein Germania Vorwärts Bochum 1906 into the current - day club VfL Bochum on 14 April 1938 .
She Past Away is a Turkish post - punk band , formed in 2006 .
He founded Miller Camera Support Equipment in 1954 , manufacturing fluid heads and tripods .
The Australian Pink Floyd Show , more frequently referred to as the Australian Pink Floyd , are a Pink Floyd tribute band formed in 1988 in Adelaide , South Australia .
The 2008 - 2009 school year became the inaugural year for Palmview High School , and it was classified as a 5A school .
Founded by Robert Haft in 1979 , at its peak in 1993 it operated 333 stores around the United States under the Trak Auto , Super Trak , and Super Trak Warehouse concepts .
Tournament names through the years : 2012 , 2015 World Ladies Championship 2013 - -14 Mission Hills World Ladies Championship
Named after former Prime Minister of India , Lal Bahadur Shastri , the Shastri Indo - Canadian Institute was created in 1968 through a joint announcement of the governments of Canada and India .
Dance Gavin Dance is a post - hardcore band based in Sacramento , California and formed in 2005 .
Azeri Baku FK ( Azerbaijani : Azeri Baku Futbol Klubu ) was an Azerbaijani football club from Baku founded in 1991 , and dissolved at the end of the 1993 - 94 season .
Mr. Children ( stylized ミスターチルドレン ( Mr . Children ) , commonly referred to by their contracted nickname `` Misu - Chiru '' ( ミスチル ) ) is a Japanese pop rock band formed in 1988 by Kazutoshi Sakurai , Kenichi Tahara , Keisuke Nakagawa , and Hideya Suzuki . They made their major debut in 1992 .
Sterlitamak was founded in 1766 as a port for the distribution of salt mined up the river .
Finding Species was formally incorporated in 2003 as a 501(c)3 non - profit organization focusing on photography , science and conservation .
Tremezzina is a comune in the province of Como , in Lombardy , that formed on 25 May 2014 from a merger of the comunes of Lenno , Mezzegra , Ossuccio and Tremezzo .
Langsua National Park ( Norwegian : Langsua nasjonalpark ) was established in 2011 .
Athletics Fiji was founded in 1947 as Fiji Amateur Athletics Association , and was affiliated to the IAAF in the year 1950 .
Ford Sollers is a joint venture between the American car manufacturer Ford and the Russian Sollers established in 2011 .
Faustcoven is a black / doom metal band from Norway , founded in 2002 by Gunnar Hansen .
It was founded in 1998 as Guangzhou Chinaweal Longteng Technology Co. , Ltd. and changed the name to `` ZWCAD Software Co. , Ltd '' in 2007 .
Chris Colepaugh and the Cosmic Crew is a rock band formed in 1996 from Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Taybeh Brewery is a Palestinian brewery founded in 1994 .
Sons of Lioth was founded in 2005 by guitarists Sublimo and Supremo .
Renault Russia ( Russian : Рено Россия , tr . Reno Rossiya ; IPA : ( rʲɪˈno rɐˈsʲijə ) ) , known until 2014 as Avtoframos ( Russian : Автофрамос , tr . Avtoframos ) , is a Russian automotive company established in 1998 , currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Renault .
The Human Rights Party Malaysia is a Malaysian human rights - based political party founded on 19 July 2009 , led by human rights activist P.Uthayakumar .
Instead , in 1834 the island was granted self - government as a semi - independent state , the Principality of Samos ( Greek : Ἡγεμονία τῆς Σάμου ) .
The Super Friendz are a band from Halifax , Nova Scotia , active between 1994 and 1997 , reforming in 2003 .
The North Borneo Chartered Company or British North Borneo Company was a chartered company assigned to administer North Borneo ( today 's Sabah in Malaysia ) in August 1881 .
Founded as the Imperial War Museum in 1917 , the museum was intended to record the civil and military war effort and sacrifice of Britain and its Empire during the First World War .
Yoshkar - Ola was established as a military fortress in 1584 , following the Russian conquest of the Mari region .
The One Country Two Systems Research Institute ( OCTS ; Chinese : 一國兩制研究中心 ) is a Hong Kong think tank founded in 1990 by a group of pro - Beijing politicians .
Tair Airways , was an airline in The Philippines . After over two months of deliberation at the Civil Aeronautics Board regarding the intent to operate as an Unscheduled International Carrier , They finally obtained a Temporary Operator 's Permit last October 27 , 2006 .
Though Bierce 's preface to The Devil 's Dictionary dates the earliest work to 1881 , its origins can be traced to August 1869 .
Coláiste Ráithín is a secondary school located in Bray , County Wicklow , Ireland , which was founded in 1990 .
The British League of Rights is an offshoot of the Australian League of Rights founded in 1971 .
Bury Your Dead is an American Metalcore band from Boston , Massachusetts , United States , formed in 2001 .
Wiidakko are a Finnish indie rock band that was formed in Lahti , Finland in 2003 .
Via Varejo is a Brazilian retail company founded in 2010 through the merger of retail companies Casas Bahia , owned by the Klein family , and Ponto Frio , owned by Grupo Pão de Açúcar .
The King 's Singers are a British a cappella vocal ensemble founded in 1968 .
The Lakewood Ranch High School in Manatee County , Florida , United States , was opened in 1998 in Bradenton , Florida .
The idea of For My Pain ... started in 1999 , when Altti Veteläinen ( bass ) and Petri Sankala ( drums ) , both from Eternal Tears of Sorrow , wanted to start a new project .
Founded in 1985 , the Directors Guild Trust is the sister charity arm of the Directors Guild of Great Britain .
Scissor Sisters is an American pop group formed in 2001 .
Samiam is a punk band from Berkeley , California , active since 1988 .
The Ministry of Supply ( MoS ) was a department of the UK Government formed in 1939 to co - ordinate the supply of equipment to all three British armed forces , headed by the Minister of Supply .
The Franconian International School ( FIS ) was founded in 1998 to serve the needs of a growing international community in the Nürnberg , Erlangen , Fürth and Herzogenaurach areas .
Lehavoth was an Israeli death metal band , from Haifa , that was active for ten years , between 1995 and 2005 .
Ujamaa Place received 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit status in April 2010 , and opened its doors at 1885 University Avenue in St. Paul in November 2010 .
However , the appellation of Pessac - Léognan is relatively recent , dating to 1987 .
Dirty Rig was formed in 2003 with Chas , Steve , Crock and Ed . Crock left early in the band 's tenure after a health issue caused him to excuse himself from the project to get well .
Central Park Media was founded in 1990 by John O'Donnell as an anime supplier , with Project A - ko and Dominion :
ClickExpo is an online marketing company headquartered in Fareham , Hampshire , United Kingdom , founded in 2006 .
This led in 2005 to the formation of the Fellowship of Reformed Baptist Churches in New Zealand .
Founded in 2007 , Verix focuses on providing business intelligence analysis software applicable to all industries as well as industry - specific solutions for the verticals of life science and pharmaceuticals and CPG .
Robert Lelièvre ( 1 October 1942 -- 26 August 1973 ) was a French singer , songwriter and guitar player .
Kerry Turner ( born October 16 , 1960 ) is an American composer and horn player .
Kinan Azmeh ( born June 10 , 1976 in Damascus ) is a Syrian clarinet player .
Harrison Fontenot ( August 1 , 1934 -- January 21 , 2011 ) is a Cajun accordion player and builder , best known for his recording of `` The Cajun Twist '' in 1962 .
Francesco Maria Veracini ( 1 February 1690 -- 31 October 1768 ) was an Italian composer and violinist , perhaps best known for his sets of violin sonatas .
Neil Flanz is a pedal steel guitar player living in Austin , TX .
Martin Helmchen began his piano studies at the age of 6 , and graduated from the Hanns Eisler Music Conservatory as a student of Galina Iwanzowa , and in 2001 from the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover as a student of Arie Vardi .
Mitchel Forman began studying classical piano at the age of seven .
Joseph Anderer is principal horn and a founding member of St. Luke 's Chamber Ensemble and the Orchestra of St. Luke 's .
Nathan Abshire ( June 27 , 1913 near Gueydan , Louisiana -- May 13 , 1981 , Basile , Louisiana ) was an American Cajun accordion player who , along with Iry LeJeune , was responsible for the renaissance of the accordion in Cajun music in the 1940s .
Tore Bruvoll ( born 30 October 1978 in Tromsø ) is a Norwegian musician ( guitar and multi - instrumentalist ) , composer and music arranger .
Larry McNeely ( born January 3 , 1948 Lafayette , Indiana ) , is an American five - string banjo player known for his collaboration with Glen Campbell and for recording several soundtracks for different motion pictures .
Brendan Shine ( born 1947 ) is an Irish folk and country singer , television presenter and accordion player from Athlone , with 5 Irish number 1 singles and best known for his songs about everyday Irish life such as `` Do you Want your Old Lobby Washed Down '' and `` Spuds '' .
Harry Roy ( 12 January 1900 -- 1 February 1971 ) was a British dance band leader and clarinet player from the 1920s to the 1960s .
Andy Ennis is a tenor saxophone player , part of the Baltimore jazz scene .
Guitar Gable was influenced by the music of Guitar Slim , and was self - taught in playing the guitar by his mid - teens .
Born in Toronto , Jason Hook started his music career at the age of 6 in nearby Oakville , Ontario with private guitar lessons .
Ramon Goose is an English guitarist , singer and producer , who is known for his work with The West African Blues Project and the hip hop blues band NuBlues , his mastery of the slide guitar , and for producing other American blues artists ' albums .
Bill Church 's son , Trevor , plays guitar in the rock band An Angle as well as the band , Medicated Goo .
Jemeel Moondoc ( born August 5 , 1951 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a jazz saxophonist who plays alto saxophone .
Deirdre Cartwright ( born 26 July 1958 ) is a British guitarist and composer , and became well known as the guitar presenter of the groundbreaking BBC Television series Rockschool ( 1983 ) .
Abel Carlevaro ( 16 December 1916 -- 17 July 2001 ) was a virtuoso performer , classical guitar composer and teacher born in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Philip Farkas ( March 5 , 1914 -- December 21 , 1992 ) was the principal horn player in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra for many years ; he left in 1960 to join the music faculty at Indiana University Bloomington .
Building on the distorted electric guitar sound of early records , his 1958 instrumental hit `` Rumble '' by Link Wray and his Ray Men popularized `` the power chord , the major modus operandi of modern rock guitarists '' , making possible `` punk and heavy rock '' .
Gerald Clayton studied classical piano with Linda Buck for eleven years , starting at the age of seven , and jazz piano and composition with Donald Vega , Shelly Berg , Kenny Barron and Billy Childs .
Christopher J. O'Hara is an internationally renowned trumpet soloist , chamber musician , and educator .
Annemarie Roelofs ( born 1955 ) , also spelt Anne - Marie Roelofs and Anne Marie Roelofs , is a Dutch trombone player and violinist , and is a professor at the Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts .
As a Musician Marc Ferrari is best known for his work as a guitar player in the 80 's and 90 's rock bands Keel , Cold Sweat , and Medicine Wheel .
Shunsaku Okuda is the leader of the Japanese rock / pop band , the brilliant green , where he plays bass guitar , rhythm guitar as well as composed the vast majority of the band 's music .
`` Big '' Monti Amundson is an American guitar player who plays blues and rock and roll .
Brad Upton is a trumpet player and jazz musician born in 1952 ( Michigan , USA ) .
Kåre Thomsen ( born 30 December 1959 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( guitar ) and graphic designer , known from a number of releases and active on the Bergen jazz scene performing with musicians like Karl Seglem , Vigleik Storaas and Terje Isungset .
Francesco DiCosmo is an Italian - born American rock musician , best known for his work with Evanescence and Thin Lizzy , and as a session musician playing bass guitar .
Paul Speer took up guitar at the age of nine and played his first paid gig at age twelve in a trio with brothers Neal and Gary .
Sarah Vaughan 's father , Asbury `` Jake '' Vaughan , was a carpenter by trade and played guitar and piano .
Antonio Pineda ( 1751 - 1792 in Manila ) was a Guatemalan botanist born to Spanish parents .
Drago Štambuk ( September 20 , 1950 ) is a Croatian physician , poet , essayist and an ambassador .
Wilhelm Scherer ( 26 April 1841 -- 6 August 1886 ) was a German philologist and historian of literature .
Nico Mastorakis ( Greek : Νίκος Μαστοράκης ; born 28 April 1941 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek filmmaker , director and radio producer .
Eugénie Buffet ( 1866 - -1934 ) was a French singer who rose to fame in France just prior to World War I. She has been called one of the first , if not the first , performer of the chanson réaliste ( realist song ) genre .
Avraham Elmalih ( Hebrew : אברהם אלמליח‎ ; 1885 -- 2 April 1967 ) was a journalist , Zionist activist and Israeli politician .
Jacob Peter Mynster ( 8 November 1775 -- 30 January 1854 ) was a Danish theologian and Bishop of Zealand , Denmark from 1834 until his death .
Robert Gordon Latham FRS ( 24 March 1812 -- 9 March 1888 ) was an English ethnologist and philologist .
José Antonio Ramírez Lozano ( Nogales , Badajoz , Spain , 1950 ) is a Spanish author .
Joseph Bau ( Hebrew : יוסף באו‎ ; 13 June 1920 -- 2002 ) was a graphic artist and poet , survivor of the Płaszów Nazi concentration camp of World War II .
Yvonne Choquet - Bruhat ( French : ( bʁy.a ) ; born 29 December 1923 in Lille ) is a French mathematician and physicist .
Walther Dürr ( born 27 April 1932 ) is a German musicologist .
Paul Jules Tillaux ( 8 December 1834 -- 20 October 1904 ) was a French physician who was a native of Aunay - sur - Odon , département Calvados .
Julie Siegfried ( 13 February 1848 , Luneray -- 28 May 1922 ) was a French feminist .
Graciela Palau de Nemes is one of the critics of the works of the Nobel laureate poet Juan Ramón Jiménez as well as of Spanish and Latin American literature , in general .
Otto Flügel ( 16 June 1842 , Lützen -- 9 July 1914 , Dölau , Halle ) was a German philosopher and theologian .
Cristóbal de Mesa ( 1559 -- 27 September 1633 ) was a Spanish Mannerist poet and writer .
Lydia Schenardi ( born 27 June 1952 , in Montreuil , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French politician and Member of the European Parliament for the south - east of France .
Hark Bohm ( born 18 May 1939 ) is a German actor , screenwriter , film director , playwright and former professor for cinema studies .
Ana Miralles ( born 16 December 1959 ; also spelled as Ana Mirallès ) is a Spanish comic books artist , known particularly for her treatment of erotic subjects .
John Gumley ( c. 1670 -- 19 December 1728 ) was an English furniture - maker , army contractor and MP .
It was in the early 1970s , during Kosovo 's most prominent period , that Eqrem Basha moved to Pristina to study language and literature at the newly created Albanian language university there .
Filiz Akın ( born Suna Filiz Akın , 2nd January 1943 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish film actress .
Paul Misraki ( January 28 , 1908 -- October 29 , 1998 ) was a French composer of popular music and film scores .
Amalie Schoppe ( 9 October 1791 , Burg auf Fehmarn , as Amalie Weise -- 25 September 1858 , Schenectady , New York ) was a German author .
Alessandro Baricco ( Italian pronunciation : ( alesˈsandro baˈrikko ) ; born January 25 , 1958 in Turin , Piedmont ) is a popular Italian writer , director and performer .
Leopold Feldmann ( 22 May 1802 , in Munich , Bavaria -- 26 March 1882 , in Vienna ) was a German - Austrian dramatist .
Mario de Marco ( born October 18 , 1965 ) is a Maltese politician and academic currently serving as a Member of Parliament .
Dan Rebellato ( born 1968 ) is an English dramatist and academic born in South London .
Manuel Giner Miralles ( Valencia , Spain , 1926 ) is a Spanish doctor , entrepreneur and politician .
Abraham Furtado ( 1756 - -1817 ) was born to a French Jewish family of Portuguese Marrano descent .
Gunabhiram Barua ( Assamese : গুণাভিৰাম বৰুৱা ; 1837 - 1894 ) was a nineteenth century Assamese intellectual who ushered in new ideas of social reform in the early years of colonial rule in Assam .
Imre Asztrik Várszegi ( born 26 January 1946 ) is a Hungarian Benedictine friar , who ordained a priest on 29 August 1971 .
Joseph Pellerin ( 1684 - -1783 ) was a French Intendant - General of the Navy , first Commissioner of the Navy as well as a celebrated numismatic pioneer .
Jesús Alique ( January 1 , 1962 in Sacedón , Guadalajara- ) is a Spanish politician .
Sir William Gorman ( 15 October 1891 -- 21 December 1964 ) was an English barrister and judge and Liberal Party politician .
Pablo d'Ors ( born 1963 ) is a Spanish priest , theologian and writer .
Antoine Alphone Guichenot ( July 31 , 1809 in Paris -- February 17 , 1876 ) was a French zoologist who taught , researched , and participated in specimen collecting trips on behalf of the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle ( Paris ) , including an extensive biological survey of Algeria .
Frances Milton Trollope ( 10 March 1779 -- 6 October 1863 ) was an English novelist and writer who published as Mrs. Trollope or Mrs. Frances Trollope .
Currently , Danilo Montero leads the Spanish - speaking ministry of Lakewood Church founded by Marcos Witt .
Aura Garrido ( born 1989 ) is a Spanish film and television actress from Madrid .
Wilhelm Georg Friedrich Roscher ( October 21 , 1817 -- June 4 , 1894 ) was a German economist from Hanover .
Julián Marías Aguilera ( 17 June 1914 -- 15 December 2005 ) was a Spanish philosopher associated with the Generation of ' 36 movement .
Charles Mauron ( 1899 - -1966 ) was a French translator of contemporary English authors , including E. M. Forster and Virginia Woolf , and a literary critic who made use of Psychoanalytic literary criticism .
Herbert Feuerstein ( born 15 June 1937 in Zell am See , Austria ) is an Austrian and German journalist , comedian and entertainer .
Giovanni Rasori ( 1766 - -1837 ) was an Italian academic , physician and translator .
Georg Ferdinand Dümmler ( February 10 , 1859 -- November 15 , 1896 ) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist born in Halle an der Saale .
Roberto Bolle ( born March 26 , 1975 ) is an Italian danseur .
Dick Twinney is an English illustrator and wildlife artist .
Michele Soavi , sometimes known as Michael Soavi ( born 3 July 1957 ) is an Italian filmmaker .
Jacek Chmielnik ( January 31 , 1953 in Łódź , Poland -- August 22 , 2007 in Suchawa , Poland ) was a Polish stage and film actor .
Rajanikanta Sen ( Bengali : রজনীকান্ত সেন ) ( 26 July 1865 -- 13 September 1910 ) was a Bengali poet and composer , known for his devotional ( bhakti ) compositions , as well as his patriotic songs .
Edoardo Sanguineti ( 9 December 1930 -- 18 May 2010 ) was a Genoese poet , writer and academic , universally considered one of the major Italian authors of the second half of the twentieth century .
Joakim Pirinen ( born 28 May 1961 in Solna , Stockholm County ) is a Swedish illustrator , author , and comic creator .
José López Rubio y Herreros ( December 13 , 1903 in Motril , Granada Province -- March 2 , 1996 ) was a Spanish playwright , screenwriter , film director , theatre historian and humorist .
Joaquín Rodrigo Vidre , 1st Marquis of the Gardens of Aranjuez ( Spanish : ( xoaˈkin roˈðɾiɣo ) ; November 22 , 1901 -- July 6 , 1999 ) , commonly known as Joaquín Rodrigo , was a Spanish composer and a virtuoso pianist .
Frank Popper ( born April 17 , 1918 ) is a historian of art and technology and Professor Emeritus of Aesthetics and the Science of Art at the University of Paris VIII . He has been decorated with the medal of the Légion d'honneur by the French Government .
Lea Aini ( Hebrew : לאה איני‎ ) ( born 1962 Tel Aviv ) , is an Israeli author and poet , who has written over twenty books .
Judith Cladel , ( March 25 , 1873 -- January 29 , 1958 ) was a French playwright , novelist , biographer and journalist .
Nguyễn Du ( 阮攸 ; 3 January 1766 - -16 September 1820 ) , pen names Tố Như ( 素如 ) and Thanh Hiên ( 清軒 ) is a celebrated Vietnamese poet who wrote in chữ nôm , the ancient writing script of Vietnam .
Luca Romagnoli ( born on 12 September 1961 in Rome ) is an Italian politician and former Member of the European Parliament for Southern Italy with the neo - fascist party Fiamma Tricolore , being a Non - Inscrit ( for a short time , ITS group member ) in the European Parliament .
Jacques - Joachim Trotti , marquis de La Chétardie ( 3 October 1705 -- 1 January 1759 ) was a French diplomat who engineered the coup d'etat that brought Elizaveta Petrovna to the Russian throne in 1741 .
Domitius Marsus ( /ˈmɑrsəs/ ) was a Latin poet , friend of Virgil and Tibullus , and contemporary of Horace .
Nikolaus Blome ( born September 16 , 1963 in Bonn ) is a German journalist and author .
Dhanya Mary Varghese is an Indian actress known for her performances in Malayalam cinema .
Mario Pieri ( 22 June 1860 -- 1 March 1913 ) was an Italian mathematician who is known for his work on foundations of geometry .
Angelo Mosso ( 30 May 1846 -- 24 November 1910 ) is the 19th century Italian physiologist who invented the first neuroimaging technique ever , known as ' human circulation balance ' .
Pierre Maximin Giraud ( 26 August 1835 Corps , Isère , France - 1 March 1875 Corps , Isère , France ) , known as Maximin Giraud , was a French member of the Corps of Papal Zouaves and a Marian visionary to Our Lady of La Salette .
Raymond Goethals ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʁɛmɔ̃ ˈɣutɑls ) ; 7 October 1921 -- 6 December 2004 ) was a Belgian football coach who led Marseille to victory in the UEFA Champions League final in 1993 , becoming the first coach to win a European trophy with a French club .
Benito Pérez Galdós ( May 10 , 1843 -- January 4 , 1920 ) was a Spanish realist novelist .
Girolamo Segato ( 13 June 1792 -- 3 February 1836 ) was an Italian naturalist , cartographer , Egyptologist , and anatomist .
Louis Adolphe le Doulcet , comte de Pontécoulant ( 1794 -- 20 February 1882 ) was a French soldier and musicologist .
Ladislav Klíma ( 22 August 1878 -- 19 April 1928 ) , was a Czech philosopher and novelist influenced by George Berkeley , Schopenhauer and Nietzsche .
Sir Charles Sedley , 5th Baronet ( March 1639 -- 20 August 1701 ) was an English wit , dramatist and politician .
Danila Comastri Montanari ( born Bologna , 4 November 1948 ) is an Italian mystery fiction writer .
Claudia Moro Fernández ( born November 10 , 1985 in Santiago de Compostela ) is a Spanish model and beauty pageant titleholder who competed in the 2008 Miss Universe pageant , placing seventh overall .
Catherine Langeais , born Marie - Louise Terrasse , ( 9 August 1923 in Valence , Drôme -- 23 April 1998 in Paris ) , was a French television presenter and actress .
Ivan Kukuljević Sakcinski ( 29 May 1816 -- 1 August 1889 ) was a Croatian historian , politician and writer , most famous for the first speech delivered in Croatian before the Parliament .
Robert Clarges ( c. 1693 - before 1727 ) was an English Tory MP for Reading from 1713 to 30 May 1716 .
José de Vargas Ponce ( Cadiz , 1760 - -1821 ) was a Spanish erudite , satirical poet and writer .
Atıf Yılmaz Batıbeki ( December 9 , 1925 -- May 5 , 2006 ) was a renowned Turkish film director , screenwriter , and film producer .
Sevim Çelebi - Gottschlich ( * 1953 in Turkey ) is a former German Politician ( Alliance ' 90/The Greens when it was still the Alternative Liste ) .
Georg Andreas Böckler ( ca . 1617 - -1687 ) was a German architect and engineer who wrote Architectura Curiosa Nova ( 1664 ) and Theatrum Machinarum Novum ( 1661 ) .
Ahmad Akbarpour ( Persian : احمد اکبرپور‎‎ ) Ahmad Akbarpūr Persian pronunciation : ( æhˈmæd(-e ) ækbærpuːr ) , born July 31 , 1970 in Chah Varz , Lamerd , Fars Province , is a novelist and author of short stories and children books .
Jean - Léon Gérôme ( 11 May 1824 -- 10 January 1904 ) was a French painter and sculptor in the style now known as Academicism .
Paul Veyne ( French : ( vɛn ) ; born 13 June 1930 in Aix - en - Provence ) is a French archaeologist and historian , and a specialist on Ancient Rome .
Eduardo García de Enterría y Martínez - Carande ( 27 April 1923 -- 16 September 2013 ) was a Spanish jurist and a major contributor to the research and teaching of Public Law in Spain .
John Edward Courtenay Bodley ( 1853 -- 1925 ) was an English civil servant , known for his writings on France .
Krzysztof Kieślowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkʂɨʂtɔf kʲɛɕˈlɔfskʲi ) ; 27 June 1941 -- 13 March 1996 ) was an influential Polish art - house film director and screenwriter known internationally for The Decalogue ( 1989 ) , The Double Life of Véronique ( 1991 ) , and The Three Colors Trilogy ( 1993 - -1994 ) .
Diego Suárez Corvín , also known as Diego Suárez Montañés or el Montañés ( Urbiés , Asturias , 1552 - Valencia , 1623 ) was a Spanish soldier and writer .
Derren Nesbitt ( born Derren Michael Horwitz ; 19 June 1935 ) is an English actor .
Clémentine Delait ( 5 March 1865 -- 5 April 1939 ) was a French bearded lady who kept a café .
Guido Lanfranco ( born Sliema , 18 October 1930 ) is a Maltese writer on natural history and folklore .
Peter Lindbergh ( born Brodbeck on November 23 , 1944 ) is a German photographer and director .
John Chamberlayne ( 1666 - -1723 ) was an English writer and translator , and the younger son of Edward Chamberlayne .
Emil Nolde ( born Emil Hansen ; 7 August 1867 -- 13 April 1956 ) was a German - Danish painter and printmaker .
Rudolf Louis ( 30 January 1870 -- 15 November 1914 ) was an influential German music critic and conductor .
Dr. Yoshiki Tanaka ( 田中 芳樹 Tanaka Yoshiki , born October 22 , 1952 ) is a Japanese novelist .
Edmund Goetze ( 26 September 1843 , Dresden -- 18 June 1920 , Dresden ) was a German literary historian and philologist .
Auguste Dozon ( 22 August 1822- 31 December 1890 ) was a French scholar and diplomat , known for his work on Albanian language and folklore .
Joris Note ( Dutch ) Joris Note ( Dutch )
Cristóbal Pérez Pastor ( 1833 - 1906 ) was a Spanish archivist and literary historian .
Luis Villoro Toranzo ( 3 November 1922 -- 5 March 2014 ) was a Spanish--
Karl Martin Sinijärv ( born June 4 , 1971 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian journalist and a poet .
Jean - Charles François ( 4 May 1717 -- 22 March 1769 ) was a French engraver .
Perez Zagorin ( May 20 , 1920 -- April 26 , 2009 ) was an American historian who specialized in 16th- and 17th - century English and British history and political thought , early modern European history , and related areas in literature and philosophy .
Christine Delphy ( born 1941 ) is a French sociologist , feminist , writer and theorist .
Johann Friedrich Naumann ( 14 February 1780 -- 15 August 1857 ) was a German scientist , engraver , and editor .
Miroslav Penkov is a Bulgarian writer who writes in English and Bulgarian .
Georgi Tenev ( born 9 October 1969 , Sofia , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian novelist , short story writer , playwright and film / TV screenwriter .
Joseph Loth ( December 27 1847 -- 1 April 1934 ) was a French linguist and historian who specialised in the study of Celtic languages .
Ramon Folch i Guillèn ( * 1946 in Barcelona ) is a Catalan socio - ecologist .
Claus Berg ( ca . 1470 -- ca . 1532 ) was a German sculptor and painter who is remembered for his workshop in Odense and his decorative work in Danish churches , especially altarpieces and crucifixes .
Amir Gilboa ( Hebrew : אמיר גלבע ) ( born 25 September 1917 - died 2 September 1984 ) was a Ukraine - born Israeli poet .
Sextus Propertius was a Latin elegiac poet of the Augustan age .
Jan Stanisław Jabłonowski of the Prus III coat of arms ( 1669 - 28 April 1731 in Lviv ) was a Polish political writer who was a maternal uncle of King Stanisław I Leszczyński , under whom he served as Crown Chancellor in 1706 - 09 .
Anders Fager ( born in Stockholm 1964 ) is a Swedish horror writer .
Moses ben Mordecai Zacuto ( c. 1625 -- 1 October 1697 ) , also known by the Hebrew acronym ReMe``Z , was a rabbi , Kabbalist , and poet .
Khachatur Malumian ( Armenian : Մալումյան Խաչատուր ) , Aknuni ( Aknouni or Agnouni ; Armenian : Ակնունի ) ( 1863 in Meghri -- 1915 ) was an Ottoman Armenian journalist and political activist .
Prudencio Indurain Larraya ( born 9 June 1968 ) is a Spanish retired road racing cyclist .
Radu Tudoran ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈradu tudoˈran ) ; born Nicolae Bogza ; March 8 , 1910 , Blejoi , Prahova County -- November 18 , 1992 , Bucharest ) was a popular Romanian novelist .
Jean - Charles Pichegru ( 16 February 1761 -- 5 April 1804 ) was a distinguished French general of the Revolutionary Wars .
Arthur Maynwaring or Mainwaring ( 1668 - -1712 ) was an English official , Whig politician , and author .
Ben Travers CBE AFC ( 12 November 1886 -- 18 December 1980 ) was an English writer .
Josef Felix Pompeckj ( May 10 1867 , Groß - Köllen -- July 8 1930 , Berlin ) was a German paleontologist and geologist .
Recently , the web page Webislam of Spanish converts to Islam , reported that the score of the Nuba al - Istihlál of Avempace ( 11th century ) , arranged by Omar Metiou and Eduardo Paniagua , save almost complete similarity with Marcha Granadera ( 18th century ) is now the official anthem of Spain .
Agnes Strickland ( 19 August 1796 -- 8 July 1874 ) was an English historical writer and poet .
Lucio Malan ( born 30 July 1960 ) is an Italian politician .
Joseph Gaudérique Aymerich ( 20 February 1858 - 11 June 1937 ) was a French military officer in its colonial empire .
François Malkovsky ( 1889 - -1982 ) was a French choreographer .
Samuel Phelps ( born 13 February 1804 , Plymouth Dock ( now Devonport ) , Plymouth , Devon , died 6 November 1878 , Anson 's Farm , Coopersale , near Epping , Essex ) was an English actor and theatre manager .
Pierre Albarran ( 18 May 1893 -- 24 February 1960 ) was a French auction and contract bridge player and theorist , and a tennis player .
István Fekete ( January 25 , 1900 -- June 23 , 1970 ) was a Hungarian writer , author of several youth novels and animal stories .
Adriana Bisi Fabbri ( 1881 - -1918 ) was an Italian painter .
John Cleland ( baptised 24 September 1709 -- 23 January 1789 ) was an English novelist best known as the author of Fanny Hill : or , the Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure .
Albert Langen ( 8 July 1869 -- 30 April 1909 ) was a German publisher and founder of the satirical publication Simplicissimus .
Sebastian Sailer ( 12 February 1714 in Weißenhorn -- 7 March 1777 in Obermarchtal ) , born Johann Valentin Sailer , was a German Premonstratensian Baroque preacher and writer .
Heinz Neumann ( 6 July 1902 -- 26 November 1937 ) was a German politician from the Communist Party ( KPD ) and a journalist .
Luciano Benetton ( born 1935 ) is an Italian billionaire businessman , one of the co - founders of Benetton Group , the Italian fashion brand .
Mireille Guiliano ( born April 14 , 1946 , in Moyeuvre - Grande , France ) is a French - American author .
Cláudio Manuel da Costa was born in the city of Vargem do Itacolomi ( nowadays Mariana ) , to Portuguese João Gonçalves da Costa and Brazilian Teresa Ribeiro de Alvarenga .
Alija Izetbegović ( Bosnian pronunciation : ( ǎlija ǐzedbegoʋit͡ɕ ) ; 8 August 1925 -- 19 October 2003 ) was a Bosnian politician , activist , lawyer , author , and philosopher who in 1990 became the first Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Jean - Charles Marchiani , ( born August 6 , 1943 ) is a French prefect and politician .
George Pitt , 1st Baron Rivers ( 1 May 1721 -- 7 May 1803 ) was an English diplomat and politician .
Temistocle Solera ( 25 December 1815 -- 21 April 1878 ) was an Italian opera composer and librettist .
Marc - Adolphe Guégan ( 1891 - -1959 ) was a French journalist and poet who was an early exponent of Japanese haiku in the French language .
Eva Badura - Skoda ( née Halfar ) is a German / Austrian musicologist .
Baldur Ragnarsson ( born 25 August 1930 ) is an Icelandic poet and author of Esperanto works .
Nora Zaïdi ( Nora Mebrak - Zaïdi ) , born on July 6 , 1965 in Bethoncourt ( French département of Doubs ) , daughter of an Algerian textile toiler , is a French activist who seated in the European Parliament from 1989 to 1994 .
Patrick Gaubert ( born 6 July 1948 in Paris ) is a French politician and was a Member of the European Parliament for the Île - de - France through 2009 .
Richmal Crompton Lamburn ( 15 November 1890 -- 11 January 1969 ) was initially trained as a schoolmistress but later became a popular English writer , best known for her Just William series of books , humorous short stories , and to a lesser extent adult fiction books .
Rudolf von Scheliha ( May 31 , 1897 - December 22 , 1942 ) was a German diplomat executed by the Nazis during World War II . Scheliha was born in Zessel , Oels , Silesia ( now Cieśle , Gmina Oleśnica , Poland ) , as the son of a Prussian squire .
Sir Henry Harpur , 6th Baronet ( 1739 -- 10 February 1789 ) was an English Tory politician who represented the constituency of Derbyshire .
Saleema is an Indian actress acts prominently in Malayalam .
Cesáreo Fernández Duro ( Zamora , 25 February 1830 - Zamora , 5 June 1908 ) was a Spanish naval captain , writer , scholar and historian .
Jean - Guillaume , baron Hyde de Neuville ( 24 January 1776 -- 28 May 1857 ) was a French aristocrat , diplomat , and politician .
Professor Jacques Cauvin ( 1930 -- 26 December 2001 ) was a French archaeologist who specialised in the prehistory of the Levant and Near East .
Jean - Marie Messier ( born 13 December 1956 ) is a French businessman who was Chairman and Chief Executive of the multinational media conglomerate Vivendi ( formerly Vivendi Universal ) until 2002 .
António Ferreira Gonçalves dos Reis , known as António Reis ( 1927 - -1991 ) , was a Portuguese film director , screenwriter and producer , poet , sculptor and ethnographer .
Peter Landau ( born 26 February 1935 in Berlin ) is a German jurist , legal historian and expert on canon law .
Bartolomeo Pacca ( 27 December 1756 , Benevento -- 19 February 1844 ) was an Italian Cardinal , scholar and statesman as Cardinal Secretary of State .
George Duncan Painter OBE ( 5 June 1914 -- 8 December 2005 ) , known as George D. Painter , was an English author most famous as a biographer of Marcel Proust .
Philippe Poirrier , born in 1963 , is a French historian , specialist in French contemporary cultural history .
Erich Böhme ( February 8 , 1930 -- November 27 , 2009 ) was a German journalist and television host .
Waldemar von Wasielewski ( 10 December 1875 -- 28 February 1959 ) was a German writer who specialized in the occult , Goethe research , and the history of music .
Herman Branover ( Hebrew : ירמיהו ברנובר‎ ; born 1931 ) is a Russian Israeli physicist and Jewish educator .
Richard Knolles ( c. 1545 -- July 1610 ) was an English historian , famous for his account of the Ottoman Empire , the first major description in the English language .
Joseph Agricol Viala ( 22 September 1780 , Avignon -- 6 July 1793 , Caumont - sur - Durance ) was a child hero in the French Revolutionary Army .
Antonio Gamoneda ( born May 30 , 1931 ) is a Spanish poet , winner of the Cervantes Prize in 2006 .
Joaquín Fernández Prida ( 1865 in Oviedo , Spain - 1942 in Madrid , Spain ) was a Spanish lawyer and politician who served as Minister of State in 1922 , during the reign of King Alfonso XIII of Spain .
Arthème Camille Matignon ( 3 January 1867 -- 18 March 1934 ) was a French chemist noted for his work in thermochemistry .
Paul Sérieux ( French : ( se.ʁjø ) ; 1864 - -1947 ) was a French psychiatrist who was a native of Paris .
Erlend Loe ( born 24 May 1969 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian novelist , screenwriter and film critic .
HA Schult , born Hans - Jürgen Schult on June 24 , 1939 in Parchim , Mecklenburg is a German installation , happening and conceptual artist known primarily for his object and performance art and more specifically his work with garbage .
Lucian Scherman ( born October 10 , 1864 in Posen , died May 29 , 1946 in Hanson , Massachusetts ) was a German Indologist , curator of the Ethnology Museum in Munich , and also a professor at the University there .
Pietro Garinei ( 1 February 1919 -- 9 May 2006 ) was an Italian playwright , actor , and songwriter .
Francesco Benozzo ( born 22 February 1969 ) is an Italian poet , musician and philologist .
Christoph Köler or ( in Latin ) , Christophorus Colerus ( 1602 - 1658 ) was a German poet and writer .
Albert François Cevert Goldenberg ( 25 February 1944 -- 6 October 1973 ) was a French racing driver who took part in the Formula One World Championship .
Norman Pace ( born 17 February 1953 in Dudley , Worcestershire ) is an English actor and comedian , best known as one half of the comedy duo Hale and Pace with his friend and comic partner Gareth Hale .
Antón Arieta - Araunabeña Piedra ( born 6 January 1946 ) , known as Arieta , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker .
Edward John Payne ( 22 July 1844 -- 26 December 1904 ) was an English barrister and historian specializing in colonial history .
Herbert Vorgrimler ( 4 January 1929 -- 12 September 2014 ) was a Catholic theologian and author who has written 33 books published in English , most of them translated from his over 90 books in German .
Helmut Andreas Paul Grieshaber or HAP Grieshaber ( 15 February 1909 - 12 May 1981 ) was a German artist .
Henry Ingram , 7th Viscount of Irvine ( 30 April 1691 -- 4 April 1761 ) , styled The Honourable Henry Ingram until 1736 , was an English landowner and politician .
Giacomo Devoto ( 19 July 1897 -- 25 December 1974 ) was an Italian historical linguist and one of the greatest exponents of the twentieth century of the discipline .
Lajos Bíró ( born Lajos Blau ) ( 22 August 1880 -- 9 September 1948 ) was a Austro - Hungarian novelist , playwright , and screenwriter who wrote many films from the early 1920s through the late 1940s .
Jacques Anne Joseph Le Prestre de Vauban ( 10 March 1754 , in Dijon -- 20 April 1816 ) was a French general of the Ancien Régime and the French Revolutionary Wars .
Barbara Petzold ( born August 8 , 1955 ) is a former East German Cross - country skier who competed during the 1970s and early 1980s .
Gerhard Kofler ( February 11 , 1949 in Bolzano - November 2 , 2005 in Vienna ) was an Austrian - Italian writer .
José Antonio Ortega Lara ( Montuenga , parish of Madrigalejo del Monte , Burgos , 1958 ) is a former Spanish prison officer who was kidnapped by the separatist organization ETA for 532 days between 1996 and 1997 .
Édgar Alexánder Campos Mora ( born September 17 , 1977 ) , better known as Alex Campos , is a Colombian Christian singer that is popular in Latin America and in Spanish speaking countries .
Ernest Grandidier ( 1833 --1912 ) was a French industrialist , naturalist and art collector .
Sir Nicholas Grimshaw , CBE , PPRA ( born 9 October 1939 ) is a prominent English architect , particularly noted for several modernist buildings , including London 's Waterloo International railway station and the Eden Project in Cornwall .
Taku Mayumura ( Mayumura Taku , 20 October 1934 - ) is a Japanese science fiction writer who won the Seiun Award for Novel twice .
Sir Charles Morgan , 1st Baronet ( 25 April 1726 -- 7 December 1806 ) was an English Judge Advocate - General .
John Gauden ( 1605 -- 23 May 1662 ) was an English Bishop of Exeter then Bishop of Worcester and writer , and the reputed author of the important Royalist work Eikon Basilike .
Rocío Delgado ( born July 21 , 1977 in Huesca ) is a Spanish freestyle skier , specializing in ski cross .
Kaka Radhakrishnan ( c. 1925 -- 14 June 2012 ) was an Indian film actor who acted in Tamil language films from the 1940s onwards .
Cherubino Alberti ( 1553 - -1615 ) , also called Borghegiano , was an Italian engraver and painter .
Manuel Sanchis i Guarner ( Valencia , 1911 - 1981 ) was a Spanish philologist , historian and writer .
Antonio Miguel Parra ( born December 26 , 1982 in Palafrugell , Girona ) is a retired Spanish professional track cyclist .
Kamahl Santamaria is a foundation news anchor and journalist at Al Jazeera English , based in Doha .
Élisée Maclet ( 1881 - -1962 ) was a French impressionist painter .
Wilfride Piollet ( 28 April 1943 -- 20 January 2015 ) was a French prima ballerina and choreographer .
Oskar Pastior ( 20 October 1927 -- 4 October 2006 ) was a Romanian - born German poet and translator .
Johannes Vares ( 12 January 1890 ( O.S. 31 December 1889 ) -- 29 November 1946 ) , commonly known as Johannes Vares Barbarus , was an Estonian poet , doctor , and politician .
Iorwerth Eiddon Stephen Edwards CBE , FBA ( 21 July 1909 -- 24 September 1996 ) -- known as I. E. S. Edwards-- was an English Egyptologist considered to be a leading expert on the pyramids .
Oliviero Toscani ( born 28 February 1942 ) is an Italian photographer , best - known worldwide for designing controversial advertising campaigns for Italian brand Benetton , from 1982 to 2000 .
Wilhelm Gottlieb Tennemann ( 7 December 1761 -- 30 September 1819 ) was a German historian of philosophy .
Acislo Antonio Palomino de Castro y Velasco ( 1653 -- 13 April 1726 ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period , and a writer on art , author of El Museo pictórico y escala óptica , which contains a large amount of important biographical material on Spanish artists .
John Verney , 1st Viscount Fermanagh ( 5 November 1640 -- 23 June 1717 ) , known as Sir John Verney , 2nd Baronet between 1696 and 1703 , was an English peer , merchant and Tory politician .
Constantin Christian Dedekind ( 2 April 1628 -- 1715 ) was a German poet , dramatist , librettist , composer and bass singer of the Baroque era .
Sandro Chia ( born 20 April 1946 ) is an Italian painter and sculptor .
Dares Phrygius ( Ancient Greek : Δάρης , Dárēs ; Middle Welsh : Dared ) , according to Homer , was a Trojan priest of Hephaestus .
Charles Thurstan Shaw CBE FBA FSA ( 27 June 1914 - 8 March 2013 ) was an English archaeologist , the first trained specialist to work in what was then British West Africa .
Antonio Trashorras , born 22 September 1969 , is a Spanish screenwriter .
Nguyễn Nhật Ánh ( born on May 7 , 1955 ) is a Vietnamese author who writes for teenagers and adults .
Phạm Xuân Ẩn ( September 12 , 1927 -- September 20 , 2006 ) was a Vietnamese journalist and correspondent for Time ( magazine ) , Reuters and the New York Herald Tribune , stationed in Saigon during the war in Vietnam .
Lewis Fry Richardson , FRS ( 11 October 1881 -- 30 September 1953 ) was an English mathematician , physicist , meteorologist , psychologist and pacifist who pioneered modern mathematical techniques of weather forecasting , and the application of similar techniques to studying the causes of wars and how to prevent them .
Manfred Osten ( born January 19 , 1938 ) is a German poet and cultural historian .
Manohar Singh ( 1938 -- 14 November 2002 ) was a distinguished Indian theatre actor - director and a character actor in Hindi films .
Reverend Henry Melvill Gwatkin ( 30 July 1844 -- 14 November 1916 ) was an English theologian and church historian .
William Thomas Stead ( 5 July 1849 -- 15 April 1912 ) was an English newspaper editor who , as a pioneer of investigative journalism , became a controversial figure of the Victorian era .
Tommy Robredo Garcés ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈtomi roˈβɾeðo ɣarˈθes ) , Catalan : ( ɣərˈses ) ; born 1 May 1982 ) is a Spanish professional tennis player .
Josefina de la Torre Millares ( 1907 - -2002 ) was a Spanish poet , novelist , and opera singer , as well as a stage , film , radio , and television actress .
Fernando Cagigal de la Vega y Martínez Niño de San Miguel y Pacheco , 4th Marquess of Casa Cagigal ( 1756 - -1824 ) was a Spanish soldier , poet , and playwright .
Giuseppe Terragni ( Italian : ( dʒuˈzɛppe terˈraɲɲi ) ; 18 April 1904 -- 19 July 1943 ) was an Italian architect who worked primarily under the fascist regime of Benito Mussolini and pioneered the Italian modern movement under the rubric of Rationalism .
Matilde Serao ( Italian pronunciation : ( maˈtilde seˈraːo ) ; March 7 , 1856 -- 25 July 1927 ) was a Greek - born Italian journalist and novelist .
Ana de Jesús , O.C.D. , translated into English as Ann of Jesus , also known as Ann Lobera ( 25 November 1545 -- 4 March 1621 ) , was a Spanish Discalced Carmelite nun and writer .
Jean - Baptiste Gail ( 1755 - -1829 ) was a French Hellenist scholar , member of the Institut de France ( French Institute ) .
Leonardo de Benedetti ( born September 15 , 1898 in Turin , Italy ; died October 16 , 1983 ) was an Italian Jew and physician who was interned in the Auschwitz concentration camp from February 1944 until its liberation in January 1945 .
Francis Robartes FRS ( c. 1649 -- 3 February 1718 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1673 and 1718 .
John Gifford ( 1758 -- 6 March 1818 ) was an English political writer .
Juliusz Słowacki ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈjuljuʂ swɔˈvat͡ski ) ; 4 September 1809 -- 3 April 1849 ) was a Polish Romantic poet .
Zofia Helman ( born 8 March 1937 ) is a Polish musicologist and an honorary member of the Polish Composers ' Union .
José Bódalo Zúffoli ( March 24 , 1916 -- July 24 , 1985 ) was an Argentine born Spanish film actor .
William Henry Jones ( 1817 - -1885 ) , William Henry Rich Jones from 1883 , was an English Anglican priest and antiquarian .
Bertalan Szemere ( 1812 - -1869 ) was a Hungarian poet and nationalist who became the third Prime Minister of Hungary during the short period of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 when Hungary was independent of rule by the Austrian Empire .
Arun Bali ( Punjabi : ਅਰੁਣ ਬਾਲੀ , Hindi : अरुन बाली ) is an Indian actor who has worked in numerous films and television series .
Kurt Stöpel ( 12 March 1908 -- 11 June 1997 ) was a German professional road bicycle racer .
Saeed Hajjarian ( Persian : سعید حجاریان‎‎ , born 1954 ) is an Iranian reformist political strategist , journalist , pro - democracy activist and former intelligence officer .
Ephraim Chambers ( c.1680 -- 15 May 1740 ) was an English writer and encyclopaedist , who is primarily known for producing the Cyclopaedia , or a Universal Dictionary of Arts and Sciences .
Walid Khalidi ( Arabic : وليد خالدي‎ , born 1925 in Jerusalem ) is an Oxford University - educated Palestinian historian who has written extensively on the Palestinian exodus .
Lorenzo de Rodas ( 1930 -- December 18 , 2011 ) , was a Spanish actor and film director .
Christian Baudelot ( born 9 December 1938 , Paris ) is a French sociologist based at the École normale supérieure .
Dhirubhai Thaker ( 27 June 1918 -- 22 January 2014 ) was an Indian Gujarati writer , who was best known for creating the Gujarati Vishwakosh , a 25-volume encyclopedia of the Gujarati language .
Louis Companyo ( born in Céret in 1781 and died in Perpignan in 1871 ) was a French physician and naturalist .
Edme - Sébastien Jeaurat ( 14 September 1725 -- 7 March 1803 ) was a French astronomer most notable for publishing a map of the 64 stars of the Pleiades in 1786 .
Elio Modigliani ( 13 June 1860 -- 6 August 1932 ) was an Italian anthropologist , zoologist , explorer , and plant collector .
Jean Boutière ( 1 November 1898 -- 29 January 1967 ) was a French philologist , specialist in Romance philology .
Christian Reuter ( born 1665 in Kütten ; died 1712 or later ) was a German author .
Johan Otto von Spreckelsen ( May 4 , 1929 - -March 16 , 1987 ) was a Danish architect , best known for designing the Grande Arche of La Défense in Paris .
Antonio Afonso Moreno ( 25 August 1943 -- 9 June 1975 ) , known as Tonono , was a Spanish footballer who played as a sweeper .
Basile Boli ( born January 2 , 1967 ) is a French former footballer and current television sports presenter .
Irja Agnes Browallius ( 1901 - -1968 ) was a Swedish teacher , novelist and short story writer .
Teodor Jeske - Choiński ( 27 February 1854 - 14 April 1920 ) was a Polish intellectual , writer and historian , literature critic .
Richard Ligon ( 1585?--1662 ) , a British author , lost his fortune as a royalist during the English Civil War ( 1642 - 1651 ) , and during this turbulent time in England he found himself , as he notes in his narrative , a `` stranger in my own country . ''
Xiong Zhaozheng ( Chinese : 熊召政 ; pinyin : Xióng Zhāozhèng ; born December 1953 ) is a Chinese novelist .
Andy Byatt is an English wildlife documentary film producer for the BBC Natural History Unit ( NHU ) in Bristol .
Guglielmo Ferrero ( Italian pronunciation : ( ɡuʎˈʎelmo ferˈreːro ) ; July 21 , 1871 -- August 3 , 1942 ) was an Italian historian , journalist and novelist , author of the Greatness and Decline of Rome ( 5 volumes , published after English translation 1907 - -1909 ) .
James Duffield Harding ( 1798 -- 4 December 1863 ) , was an English landscape painter , lithographer and author of drawing manuals .
Halide Edib Adıvar ( Ottoman Turkish : خالده اديب‎ ( haliˈde eˈdib ) ; sometimes spelled Halidé Edib in English ) ( 1884 -- 9 January 1964 ) was a Turkish novelist , nationalist , and political leader for women 's rights .
Jean Le Pelletier ( December 29 , 1633 - August 31 , 1711 ) was a French polygraph and alchemist .
Juraj Červenák ( born June 16 , 1974 ) is a Slovak author best known for his short stories and novels , which mix elements of sword and sorcery with historical fantasy and Slavic mythology .
Andreas Gursky ( born January 15 , 1955 ) is a German photographer and Professor at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf , Germany .
Manlio Simonetti ( Rome 2 May 1926 ) is a major Italian expert and scholar in Patristics and the history of Biblical interpretation .
Yona Friedman ( born 5 June 1923 , Budapest ) is a Hungarian - born French architect , urban planner and designer .
François Coli ( June 5 , 1881 - presumably on or after May 8 , 1927 ) was a French pilot and navigator best known as the one - eyed flying partner of Charles Nungesser in their doomed attempt to fly the Atlantic Ocean on the aircraft known as The White Bird .
Claude Liauzu ( April 24 , 1940 in Casablanca , Morocco -- May 23 , 2007 ) , was a French historian specializing in the history of colonialism .
Claude Guéant ( born 17 January 1945 ) is a French civil servant .
Antoni Czubiński ( 22 November 1928 in Konin , Poland -- 10 February 2003 in Poznań , Poland ) was a Polish historian and director of the Western Institute ( Instytut Zachodni ) in Poznań from 1978 to 1990 .
Manuel Argüelles Argüelles ( November 10 , 1875 , in Madrid -- 1945 ) was a Spanish politician and lawyer .
Josep Bargalló i Valls ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛb bərɣəˈʎo ) ) ( born 3 October 1958 in Torredembarra , Tarragonès ) is a Catalan philologist .
Frank Castorf ( born 17 July 1951 in East Berlin ) is a German theater director and since 1992 the artistic director of the Volksbühne am Rosa - Luxemburg - Platz .
Guy Novès ( born 5 February 1954 ) is a former French rugby union player and current coach of the French national team .
Angel Orensanz ( b. Huesca , 1940 ) is a Spanish sculptor and painter who has lived in New York City since 1986 .
Henri Lachambre ( 30 December 1846 , Vagney , Vosges -- 12 June 1904 ) was a French manufacturer of balloons .
Jean Bourgogne was a French entomologist .
Pierre Trimouillat ( 1858 -- 5 January 1929 ) was a French songwriter , comedian and singer who was active in the cabarets of Paris in the 1890s .
Claude Antoine Jean Georges Napoléon Coste ( 27 June 1805 -- 17 February 1883 ) was a French guitarist and composer .
Miodrag Grbić , ( 25 December 1901 -- 30 June 1969 ) was a Serbian archeologist and custos .
Wolfgang Ratke ( also Wolfgangus Ratichius or Wolfgang Ratich ) ( 18 October 1571 -- 27 April 1635 ) was a German educational reformer .
Alphonse Royer , ( 10 September 1803 - -11 April 1875 ) was a French author , dramatist and theatre manager , most remembered today for having written ( with his regular collaborator , Gustave Vaëz ) the librettos for Gaetano Donizetti 's opera La favorite and Giuseppe Verdi 's Jérusalem .
Jochen Klepper ( March 22 , 1903 -- December 11 , 1942 ) was a German writer , poet and journalist .
Jean Charles Cazin ( May 25 , 1840 -- March 17 , 1901 ) was a French landscape painter and ceramicist .
Iris Gusner ( born Trautenau 16 January 1941 ) is a German film director and screenwriter .
Roberto Girometti is an Italian film director and cinematographer .
Otto Pöggeler ( 12 December 1928 in Attendorn -- 10 December 2014 ) was a German philosopher .
Joan Herrera i Torres ( Barcelona , Spain , 29 January 1971 ) is a Spanish Catalan lawyer and politician .
Gonçal Mayos Solsona ( born 1957 ) is a Spanish philosopher , essayist and professor at the University of Barcelona .
Luis Francisco de la Cerda y Aragón , ( El Puerto de Santa María , August 2 , 1660 -- Pamplona , January 26 , 1711 ) , 9th Duke of Medinaceli , was a Spanish noble and politician .
Christopher Headington ( 28 April 1930 -- 19 March 1996 ) was an English composer , musicologist , and pianist .
Pierre - François Bouchard ( 29 April 1771 , Orgelet -- 5 august 1822 , Givet ) was an officer in the French Army engineers who is most famous for discovering the Rosetta Stone , an important archaeological find that allowed Ancient Egyptian writing to be understood for the first time in centuries .
Rein Taagepera ( born 28 February 1933 ) is an Estonian political scientist and former politician .
Julius Faucher ( June 13 , 1820 in Berlin -- June 12 , 1878 in Rome ) was a German journalist and a significant advocate of liberalism and free trade .
Canon William Greenwell , FRS , FSA , FSA Scot ( 23 March 1820 -- 27 January 1918 ) was an English archaeologist and Church of England priest .
William George Hoskins CBE FBA ( 22 May 1908 -- 11 January 1992 ) was an English local historian who founded the first university department of English Local History .
Miquel Creus i Muñoz alias Miquel Desclot ( Barcelona , 1952 ) is a Catalan writer and translator known for his Catalan translations of works by Dante , Petrarca or Michelangelo Buonarroti .
Sandrone Dazieri ( born November 4 , 1964 ) is a popular Italian crime writer .
Zdeněk Rykr ( 26 October 1900 -- 15 January 1940 ) was a Czech painter , illustrator , journalist and theatre designer .
Nils Johan Rud ( 24 July 1908 -- 7 June 1993 ) was a Norwegian novelist , writer of short stories , children 's writer , and a magazine editor .
He Jiahong ( Chinese : 何家弘 ; pinyin : Hé Jiāhóng ) ( born May 10 , 1953 in Beijing , China ) is an expert in the field of criminal justice in China and teaches at the Renmin University of China in Beijing .
Joseph - Émile Baeteman ( September 29 , 1880 -- 1938 ) was a French missionary and religious writer .
Wilhelm Dilthey ( German : ( ˈdɪltaɪ ) ; 19 November 1833 -- 1 October 1911 ) was a German historian , psychologist , sociologist , and hermeneutic philosopher , who held Hegel 's Chair in Philosophy at the University of Berlin .
Sigrid Undset ( 20 May 1882 -- 10 June 1949 ) was a Norwegian novelist who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1928 .
Nikita Mandryka ( born October 20 , 1940 ) is a French cartoonist of Russian origin .
Simone Michel - Lévy ( 19 January 1906 , Chaussin -- 13 April 1945 Flossenbürg concentration camp ) was a French Resistance worker .
Charles Edward Baring Young ( 19 March 1850 - 22 September 1928 ) was an English educationalist and Conservative politician .
Francesco Trevisani ( April 9 , 1656 -- July 30 , 1746 ) was an Italian painter , active in the period called either early Rococo or late Baroque ( barochetto ) .
Clement Mary Hofbauer , C.Ss . R. , ( German : Klemens Maria Hofbauer ) ( December 26 , 1751 -- March 15 , 1820 ) was a Moravian hermit and later a priest of the Redemptorist congregation .
Shamsur Rahman Faruqi ( Urdu : شمس الرحمٰن فاروقی‎ ) ( born 15 January 1935 ) is an Indian poet and one of the leading Urdu critics and theorists .
Mehmet Ruhi Su ( 20 October 1912 -- 20 September 1985 ) was a Turkish opera singer , Turkish folk singer and saz virtuoso of possibly Armenian origin .
Yemima Avidar - Tchernovitz ( Hebrew : ימימה אבידר - טשרנוביץ‎ ; October 1909 -- March 20 , 1998 ) was an Israeli author whose works became classics of modern Hebrew children 's literature .
Mathias Richling ( born 24 March 1953 in Waiblingen ) is a German actor , author , comedian and Kabarett artist .
Ernst Mally ( German : ( ˈmali ) ; 11 October 1879 -- 8 March 1944 ) was an Austrian philosopher affiliated with the so - called Graz School of phenomenological psychology .
Giancarlo Flati ( L'Aquila , May 11 , 1953 ) is an Italian painter , researcher and writer .
José Gonzalo Zulaica ( San Sebastián , Spain , 1886 - -1956 ) , better known by his pen name Aita Donostia ( Father Donostia or Father San Sebastian , because he was a priest born in San Sebastian , Donostia in the Basque language ) , was a Basque musicologist and composer .
Giovanni Toti ( born 7 September 1968 ) is an Italian journalist and politician , who has been President of Liguria since June 2015 and political counselor of Forza Italia since January 2014 .
Avraham Granot ( Hebrew : אברהם גרנות‎‎ , born Abraham Granovsky ; 18 June 1890 -- 5 July 1962 ) was a Zionist activist , Israeli politician and a signatory of the Israeli declaration of independence .
Antoine Jérôme Balard ( 30 September 1802 -- 30 April 1876 ) was a French chemist and one of the discoverers of bromine .
Nadežda Petrović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Надежда Петровић ; 11/12 October 1873 -- 3 April 1915 ) was a Serbian painter from the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Sanusi Pane ( 14 November 1905 -- 2 January 1968 ) was an Indonesian writer , journalist , and historian .
Phan Văn Hùm ( 9 April 1902 -- 1946 ) was a Vietnamese Trotskyite who took part in the Fourth International in 1922 .
George Leonardos ( Greek : Γιώργος Λεονάρδος ; born 1937 ) is a Greek author of historical novels .
Mate Balota ( 28 September 1898 -- 17 February 1963 ) , born Mijo Mirković , was a prominent Croatian poet , novelist and economist .
Joseph Zen Ze - kiun SDB ( born 12 January 1931 ) is a Chinese Cardinal of the Catholic Church , who served as the sixth Bishop of Hong Kong .
Auguste Joseph Alphonse Gratry ( usually known as Joseph Gratry ) ( 10 March 1805 − 6 February 1872 ) was a French author and theologian .
Đào Duy Từ ( 1572 - -1634 ) was a Vietnamese scholar , poet , military adviser , and mandarin who served under the reign of Nguyễn lord Nguyễn Phúc Nguyên .
Sigrid Weigel ( born March 25 , 1950 , Hamburg ) is a professor of German Literature and Director of the Centre for Literature Research in Berlin .
Stephen Rumbold Lushington ( 6 May 1776 -- 5 Aug 1868 ) was an English Tory politician and an administrator in India .
Madhu Shalini is an Indian film actress and model , who has appeared in Telugu and Tamil language films .
Valentín Parera ( 1895 - -1986 ) was a Spanish actor who appeared in both silent and sound films in the 1920s and 1930s .
Samuel Roffey Maitland ( 1792 - -1866 ) was an English historian and miscellaneous writer on religious topics .
Jean - Louis Beffa ( born August 11 , 1941 , in Nice , France ) is a French businessman .
Alain Maratrat ( born 1950 ) is French actor , theater and opera director known for his innovative interpretations and staging .
Nikolai von Michalewsky ( aka Mark Brandis ) ( January 17 , 1931 -- December 27 , 2000 ) was a German writer and journalist best known for a series of science fiction novels published between 1970 and 1987 .
Haydar Ergülen is one of the important poets of the recent generation in contemporary Turkish literature .
Andreas Bethmann is a German film director , producer , and screenwriter .
Dominique Ané ( born 6 October 1968 ) , better known as `` Dominique A , '' is a French songwriter and singer .
Fernando de Toledo , ( ca . 1528 - -1591 ) was a Spanish nobleman .
Stanisław Grabski ( April 5 , 1871 in Borów , Łowicz County -- May 6 , 1949 in Sulejówek ) was a Polish economist and politician , member of the Sejm , associated with the National Democracy political camp .
Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada y Corral ( Spanish pronunciation : ( seβasˈtjan ˈlerðo ðe teˈxaða ) ; 24 April 1823 -- 21 April 1889 ) was a jurist and Liberal president of Mexico .
Sir William Waller ( c. 1597 -- 19 September 1668 ) was an English Parliamentary general during the English Civil War .
Don Valeriano Weyler y Nicolau , Marquis of Tenerife , Duke of Rubí , Grandee of Spain , ( September 17 , 1838 -- October 20 , 1930 ) was a Spanish general and colonial administrator .
Ombretta Colli ( born Ombretta Comelli on 21 September 1945 ) is an Italian singer , actress and politician .
Paolo Emilio Taviani ( November 6 , 1912 - June 18 , 2001 ) was an Italian political leader , economist and historian of the career of Christopher Columbus .
Francesco Storace ( born 25 January 1959 in Cassino , Lazio ) is an Italian politician .
Juan Manuel Cajigal y Niño ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈxwan maˈnwel kaxiˈɣal i ˈniɲo ) ) ( sometimes , Juan Manuel Cagigal y Niño in the orthography of the period ) was a Spanish Captain General , born in Cádiz , in 1754 .
Dobriša Cesarić ( 10 January 1902 -- 18 December 1980 ) was a Croatian poet and translator born in Požega .
James Hervey ( 26 February 1714 -- 25 December 1758 ) was an English clergyman and writer .
Nicolas Rigault ( Rigaltius ; 1577 - 1654 ) was a French classical scholar .
K - Hito was the pseudonym of Ricardo García López ( 1890 - -1984 ) , Spanish humorist , caricaturist , bullfighting critic , film producer , and magazine publisher .
Alejo Peyret ( in French Alexis Pierre Louis Edouard Peyret ; December 11 , 1826 - August 27 , 1902 ) was a French - born Argentine writer , agronomist , colonial administrator , and historian .
Mikael Gustafsson is a Finnish - born Swedish politician , who from 2011 until 2014 , was a Member of the European Parliament , representing Sweden .
Elisabeth Bergner ( 22 August 1897 -- 12 May 1986 ) was a German language film and stage actress who acted in Germany until moving to England to escape the Nazi threat to the Jews .
Marie François Joseph Clozel ( 29 March 1860 - 10 May 1918 ) was a French colonial administrator who became Governor General of French West Africa .
Juan de Lucena ( 1430 - -1506 ) was a Spanish humanist .
Sir Thomas Clifford Allbutt ( 20 July 1836 -- 22 February 1925 ) was an English physician and inventor of the clinical thermometer .
Pauls Putniņš ( born 12 November 1937 ) is a Latvian playwright , journalist and politician .
Alojz Rebula ( born 21 June 1924 ) is a Slovene writer , playwright , essayist , and translator , and a prominent member of the Slovene minority in Italy .
Duvvasi Mohan(Telugu : దువ్వాసి మోహన్ ) is a Telugu comedian .
Josefa Carpena - Amat ( December 19 , 1919 -- June 5 , 2005 ) , known by the pseudonym Pepita Carpeña , was a militant trade unionist and Spanish anarchist .
Elmar Hess born 1966 in Hamburg is a German artist .
Johannes Tuchel ( born 20 December 1957 ) is a German Political scientist .
Narayan Sitaram Phadke ( 1894 - 1978 ) , was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Yona Wallach ( Hebrew : יונה וולך‎ ; June 10 , 1944 -- September 29 , 1985 ) was an Israeli poet .
Esther Lahoz Castelló ( born 2 May 1963 in Pancrudo ) is a retired Spanish sprinter who specialised in the 400 metres .
Brigitte Alexander ( 1911 - 1995 ) was a German author , actress , director and translator .
Heinrich Laufenberg ( 19 January 1872 -- 3 February 1932 ) was a leading German communist and was one of the first to develop the idea of National Bolshevism .
Wang Shiwei ( simplified Chinese : 王实味 ; traditional Chinese : 王實味 ; pinyin : Wáng Shíwèi ; Wade -- Giles : Wang Shih - wei ) ( March 12 , 1906 -- July 1 , 1947 ) was a Chinese journalist and literary writer .
Kurt Martin ( * 31 January 1899 in Zurich ; †27 January 1975 in Bad Wiessee ) was a German art historian .
Anne Birk ( real name : Rosemarie Tietz , maiden name Schumacher ) ( * August 20 , 1942 in Trossingen , Germany ; † July 29 , 2009 in Esslingen , Germany ) was a German author .
Salim Khan ( Hindi : सलीम खान born 24 November 1935 ) is a veteran Indian actor and screenwriter .
Jamie Bulloch is a British historian and translator of German literature .
Frank Verpillat , born in 1946 in Lyon , France , was a French director , inventor and artist .
Jean - François Boisard ( born around 1762 - -1820 ) in Caen was a French painter and poet .
Louis Alphonse de Brébisson ( 25 September 1798 -- 26 April 1888 ) was a French botanist and photographer born in Falaise , Calvados .
Margherita Sarfatti ( April 8 , 1880 -- October 30 , 1961 ) was an Italian journalist , art critic , patron , collector , socialite , a prominent propaganda adviser of the National Fascist Party .
María Isabel Fernández Gutiérrez ( born 1 February 1972 ) is a Spanish judoka .
Alexander Gottfried Friedrich Gode - von Aesch , or simply Alexander Gode ( October 30 , 1906 -- August 10 , 1970 ) , was a German - American linguist , translator and the driving force behind the creation of the auxiliary language Interlingua .
María Antinea ( 1915 - July 29 , 1991 ) was a Spanish actress , vedette , dancer , cupletista and tonadillera .
Dan Nica ( born July 2 , 1960 ) is a Romanian engineer and politician .
Bapsi Sidhwa ( Urdu : باپسا سادہوا‎ ; born August 11 , 1938 ) is a Pakistani novelist who writes in English and is resident in America .
Johannes Peter Müller ( 14 July 1801 -- 28 April 1858 ) was a German physiologist , comparative anatomist , ichthyologist , and herpetologist , known not only for his discoveries but also for his ability to synthesize knowledge .
Frank - Peter Roetsch ( born 19 April 1964 ) is a German former biathlete .
Mary Wigman ( born Marie Wiegmann , 13 November 1886 -- 18 September 1973 ) was a German dancer , choreographer , notable as the pioneer of expressionist dance , dance therapy , and movement training without pointe shoes .
Jorge Zorreguieta was born in Buenos Aires in 1928 , the oldest child of Spanish - Basque and Italian immigrants .
Prof Frederick Orpen Bower FRS ( 4 November 1855 -- 11 April 1948 ) was an English botanist .
Zeng Fanzhi ( Chinese : 曾梵志 ; born 1964 in Wuhan , Hubei ) is a contemporary Chinese artist based in Beijing .
Umberto Lenzi ( born 6 August 1931 ) , is an Italian film director who was very active in Italian international co - production peplums , Eurospy films , spaghetti westerns , Macaroni Combat movies , Poliziotteschi films , cannibal films and giallo murder mysteries ( in addition to writing many of the screenplays himself ) .
Maxime Le Forestier ( born 10 February 1949 as Bruno Le Forestier ) is a French singer .
Alexandre - Hyacinthe Dunouy ( 1757 - -1841 ) was a French painter known for his landscapes .
Diam 's ( French : ( djams ) ; born Mélanie Georgiades on 25 July 1980 ) is a French - language rap artist of French and Greek Cypriot origin .
Kranti Trivedi is the author of over 45 Hindi titles , Kranti Trivedi was one of the most prolific Hindi language writers of the past century .
José Lázaro Galdiano ( 1862 - 1947 ) was a Spanish financier , journalist , publisher and art collector , who , by the time of his death , owned one of the largest and most significant art collections in Spain .
Edmée Elizabeth Monica Dashwood , née de la Pasture ( 9 June 1890 -- 2 December 1943 ) , commonly known as E. M. Delafield , was a prolific English author .
Karl Mantzius ( 20 February 1860 -- 17 May 1921 ) was a Danish actor , stage and film director , theatre scholar , and operatic baritone .
Prince Sulkhan - Saba Orbeliani ( Georgian : სულხან-საბა ორბელიანი ) ( 1658 - 1725 ) was a Georgian writer and diplomat .
Jean - Antoine du Cerceau ( 12 November 1670 -- 4 July 1730 ) was a French Jesuit priest , poet , playwright and man of letters .
Nicolas Viton de Saint - Allais ( 1773 -- 1842 ) was a French genealogist and littérateur .
Yves Manglou ( born 20 August 1943 in Bras - Panon , Réunion ) is a Réunionese writer who writes in both French and Réunion Creole .
Gace Brulé ( c. 1160 -- after 1213 ) , French trouvère , was a native of Champagne .
Antoine Guillaumont ( 13 January 1915 -- 25 August 2000 ) was a French archaeologist and Syriac scholar .
Dominique Ponchardier ( 1917 , Saint - Étienne -- 1986 ) was a French screenwriter .
Dovid Knut or Knout ( Russian : До́вид Кнут ) ( 23 September ( O.S. 10 September ) 1900 - -15 February 1955 ) , real name Duvid Meerovich ( later David Mironovich ) Fiksman ( Russian : Ду́вид Ме́ерович ( Дави́д Миро́нович ) Фи́ксман ) , was a Russian Jewish poet and member of the French Resistance .
Claude Njiké - Bergeret ( born 5 June 1943 at Douala , Cameroon ) is the grand daughter and daughter of the French Protestant missionaries Etienne Bergeret and Charles Bergeret which worked in the first half of the 20th century in the bamiléké area in Cameroon .
Mark Hanbury Beaufoy JP ( 21 September 1854 -- 10 November 1922 ) was an English vinegar manufacturer and Liberal member of parliament .
Paolo Meneguzzi ( born December 6 , 1976 as Pablo Meneguzzo ) is a Swiss Italian singer .
Dareysteel ( born Solomon Paul ) also known as Golongolo Master is a Spanish hip - hop music artist , rapper , singer - songwriter , recording artist and performer .
Jaya Prakash Reddy is a Telugu actor born in Sirvel , of Kurnool district in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Jacques - Théodore Saconney ( 18 January 1874 Turin , Italy -- 14 July 1935 Dijon , France ) was a Senior French Army General , a scientist , and an adventurous balloonist .
Olav Mosebekk ( 13 September 1910 -- 1 December 2001 ) was a Norwegian illustrator and painter .
Charles Reade ( 8 June 1814 -- 11 April 1884 ) was an English novelist and dramatist , best known for The Cloister and the Hearth .
Nguyễn Công Trứ ( 阮公著 ) also Hi Văn ( Uy Viễn , Hà Tĩnh 1778 - -1858 ) was a Vietnamese poet and scholar .
Daniel Goossens is a French cartoonist born in Salon - de - Provence , Bouches - du - Rhône on May 16 , 1954 .
Hans Joachim Alpers ( July 14 , 1943 -- February 16 , 2011 ) was a German writer and editor of science fiction and fantasy .
Nicolas Sanson ( 20 December 1600 -- 7 July 1667 ) was a French cartographer , termed by some the creator of French geography , in which he 's been called the `` father of French cartography . ''
Tomás de Cardona , a native of Venice and living in Seville , was a rich explorer , trader , and teacher of Spanish royal palace from the 17th century , who invested a fortune in a company to exploit the pearl banks in California .
Krisztina Morvai ( born 22 June 1963 ) is a Hungarian lawyer and nationalist politician .
Felice Romani ( January 31 , 1788 -- January 28 , 1865 ) was an Italian poet and scholar of literature and mythology who wrote many librettos for the opera composers Donizetti and Bellini .
Gaston - Laurent Coeurdoux or more accurately spelled Cœurdoux ( French : ( kœʁdu ) ; 18 December 1691 , Bourges , France -- 15 June 1779 , Pondicherry , French India ) was a French Jesuit missionary in South India and a noteworthy Indologist .
General Giulio Douhet ( 30 May 1869 -- 15 February 1930 ) was an Italian general and air power theorist .
Belinda Peregrín Schüll , known mononymously as Belinda ( born 15 August 1989 ) is a Spanish - born Mexican singer - songwriter .
Víctor Noriega ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈbiktor noˈɾjeɣa ) ; born Víctor Enrique Noriega Hernandez 10 May 1972 ) is a Mexican actor , singer and model .
Rewa Prasad Dwivedi ( born 22 August 1935 ) is a Sanskrit scholar and poet .
Françoise de Graffigny , née d'Issembourg Du Buisson d'Happoncourt ( 11 February 1695 - 12 December 1758 ) , was a French novelist , playwright and salon hostess .
Zsigmond Móricz ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈʒiɡmond ˈmoːrit͡s ) ; 29 June 1879 , Tiszacsécse -- 4 September 1942 ) was a major Hungarian novelist and Social Realist .
Antonio Barrios Seoane ( 21 May 1910 -- 19 August 2002 ) was a Spanish professional football coach .
Henri Sannier ( born 7 September 1947 ) is a French sports journalist and television presenter .
František Šmahel ( born 17 August 1934 in Trhová Kamenice ) is a Czech historian of medieval political and intellectual history , known for his works about Hussitism , Universities in the Middle Ages , Humanism , and Monarch representation in the Middle Ages .
Robert de Blois ( fl . second third of the 13th century ) was an Old French poet and trouvère , the author of narrative , lyric , didactic , and religious works .
Gui Yufang ( Chinese : 桂裕芳 ; pinyin : Guì Yùfāng ; born 1930 ) is a Chinese translator .
Sir William Randal Cremer ( 18 March 1828 -- 22 July 1908 ) usually known by his middle name `` Randal '' , was an English Liberal Member of Parliament , a pacifist , and a leading advocate for international arbitration .
Antonio Bido ( sometimes credited as Tony B. Dodd ) is an Italian film director .
Sergio Pérez Mendoza ( Spanish ( ˈseɾxjo ˈpeɾes ) ; born 26 January 1990 ) also known as `` Checo '' Pérez , is a Mexican racing driver , currently driving for Force India .
Gisèle Lestrange or Gisèle de Lestrange , and after marriage , Gisèle Celan - Lestrange ( 19 March 1927 -- 9 December 1991 ) , was a French graphic artist .
Charles Cressent ( 1685 - -1768 ) was a French furniture - maker , sculptor and fondeur - ciseleur of the régence style .
Bonifatius Fischer ( 1915 - -1997 ) was a German biblical scholar , textual critic of the Vulgate , and benedictine .
Sir Henry George Ward GCMG ( 27 February 1797 -- 2 August 1860 ) was an English diplomat , politician , and colonial administrator .
François de Dainville ( 21 January 1909 -- 15 January 1971 ) was a French geographer , historian and Jesuit priest .
Romuald Schild ( born October 2 , 1936 ) is a professor for the Institute of Archaeology and Ethnology at the Polish Academy of Sciences .
César Oudin ( c. 1560 - 1 October 1625 ) was a French Hispanist , translator , paremiologist , grammarian and lexicographer .
Blessed Bartolo Longo ( February 10 , 1841 -- October 5 , 1926 ) was an Italian lawyer who has been beatified by the Roman Catholic Church .
Chris Petit ( born 1949 ) is an English novelist and filmmaker .
Kazimierz Brandys ( 27 October 1916 -- 11 March 2000 ) was a Polish essayist and writer of film scripts .
Sigurd Ibsen ( 23 December 1859 -- 14 April 1930 ) was a Norwegian author , lawyer and statesman , who served as Prime Minister of Norway in Stockholm ( 1903 - -1905 ) and played a central role in the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 .
Gustaf Munch - Petersen ( February 18 , 1912 -- April 2 , 1938 ) was a Danish writer and painter .
Francesc de Paula Rius i Taulet ( Barcelona , 1833 - Olèrdola , 1889 ) was a Spanish lawyer and politician .
John Horton Blades ( 1841 - -1916 ) was an English brick maker and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1886 .
Pietro Antonio Domenico Trapassi , better known by his pseudonym of Pietro Metastasio ( Italian pronunciation : ( metaˈstaːzjo ) ; 3 January 1698 -- 12 April 1782 ) , was an Italian poet and librettist , considered the most important writer of opera seria libretti .
Valentin Vodnik ( 3 February 1758 -- 8 January 1819 ) was a Carniolan priest , journalist and poet of Slovene descent .
Hans Fredrik Dahl ( born 16 October 1939 ) is a Norwegian historian , journalist and media scholar , best known in the English - speaking world for his biography of Vidkun Quisling , a Nazi collaborationist and Minister President for Norway during the Second World War .
Jean - Baptiste David ( called Jules David ; 1808 - -1892 ) was a French painter and lithographer .
Adisu Massala ( Amharic : አዲሱ መሰለ ? Addīsū Messele , Hebrew : אדיסו מאסלה , born 16 June 1961 ) is an Israeli politician .
Aleksandar Stipčević ( October 10 , 1930 -- September 1 , 2015 ) was a Croatian archeologist , bibliographer , librarian and historian who specialized in the study of the Illyrians .
Marie Philibert Constant Sappey ( 1810 -- 15 March 1896 ) was a French anatomist born in Cernon , near the city of Bourg - en - Bresse .
Harald Motzki is a German - trained scholar of Islam who writes on the transmission of hadith .
Taleb el - Sana ( Arabic : طلب الصانع‎ , Hebrew : טלב אלצאנע‎ , born 25 December 1960 ) , sometimes spelled Talab al - Sana or variations thereof , is an Israeli Bedouin politician and lawyer .
The English version of Joseph Bau 's memoir , Dear God , Have You Ever Gone Hungry ? , first published in Hebrew and Polish , came out in June , 1998 and was published in several versions ( in Chinese , among others ) .
Erich Kähler ( German : ( ˈkɛːlɐ ) ; 16 January 1906 , Leipzig -- 31 May 2000 , Wedel ) was a German mathematician with wide - ranging geometrical interests .
Britt Karin Larsen ( born 16 April 1945 ) is a Norwegian poet , author and government scholar .
Alfred Henke ( 1 March 1868 -- 24 February 1946 ) was a German politician , serving as a member of a number of national and regional parliaments during the early 20th century .
Jean - Pierre Clément ( 2 June 1809 -- 8 November 1870 ; known as Pierre Clément ) was a French political economist and historian , born at Draguignan .
Eduardo Marquina ( January 21 , 1879 -- November 21 , 1946 ) was a Spanish playwright and poet associated with the Catalan Modernist school .
Kashiram Das ( কাশীরাম দাস , born 16th century ) is an important poet in medieval Bengali literature .
Jean Cardot ( July 20 , 1930 - ) is a French sculptor , born in Saint - Etienne , France .
Sir George Strickland , 7th Baronet ( 26 May 1782 -- 23 December 1874 ) , also known as Sir George Cholmley was an English Member of Parliament and lawyer .
Christoph Lode ( born January 11 , 1977 in Kaiserslautern ) is a German novelist .
Jean - Baptiste - Claude Delisle de Sales or Jean - Baptiste Isoard de Lisle ( 29 April 1741 -- 22 September 1816 ) was a French philosopher noted for his multi - edition , multi - volume opus The Philosophy of Nature :
Jean - Baptiste Louis Frédéric de La Rochefoucauld de Roye ( August 17 , 1707 -- September 16 , 1746 ) was made duc d'Anville by King Louis XV of France and pursued a military career in the French galley corps .
Wilhelm Wieben ( born June 2 , 1935 ) is a German journalist , actor and author .
Hans Kollhoff ( b. Bad Lobenstein , Thuringia , 18 September 1946 ) is a German architect and professor .
Miguel Ángel Nadal Homar ( Spanish pronunciation : ( miˈɣel ˈaŋxel naˈðal oˈmar ) ; born 28 July 1966 ) is a Spanish retired footballer .
Alessandro Vezzosi is an Italian art critic , Leonardo scholar , artist , expert on interdisciplinary studies and creative museology , he is also the author of hundreds of exhibits , publications and conferences , in Italy and abroad ( from the United States to Japan ) on Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance , contemporary art and design .
Rachel Tzvia Back is an English - language Israeli poet , translator and literary researcher .
Francis William Newman ( 27 June 1805 -- 4 October 1897 ) , the younger brother of Cardinal Newman , was an English scholar and miscellaneous writer .
Alan Davis ( born 1956 ) is an English writer and artist of comic books , known for his work on titles such as Captain Britain , The Uncanny X - Men , ClanDestine , Excalibur , JLA :
Jana Bobošíková ( born on 29 August 1964 in Prague ) is a Czech politician and former Member of the European Parliament and was Non - Inscrit in the European Parliament .
Jean - Louis Dumas ( 2 February 1938 -- 1 May 2010 ) was a French businessman who served as the chairman of the Hermès group from 1978 until 2006 .
Baroness Suzanne Lilar ( née Suzanne Verbist ; 21 May 1901 -- 12 December 1992 ) was a Flemish Belgian essayist , novelist , and playwright writing in French .
Deborah Bull , CBE ( born 22 March 1963 ) is an English dancer , writer , and broadcaster and former creative director of the Royal Opera House .
As a young child , Isabelle Leymarie developed a passion for African - American music ( and also Broadway tunes and the French , Spanish and Russian composers of the late 19th and early 20th century ) .
Vítězslav Nezval ( Czech : ( ˈviːcɛslaf ˈnɛzval ) ; 26 May 1900 -- 6 April 1958 ) was one of the most prolific avant - garde Czech writers in the first half of the twentieth century and a co - founder of the Surrealist movement in Czechoslovakia .
Arne Einar Christiansen ( 20 July 1861 -- 25 September 1939 ) was a Danish journalist , critic and titular professor .
Rolf - Dieter Müller ( born 9 December 1948 ) is a German military historian and political scientist , who has served as Scientific Director of the German Armed Forces Military History Research Office since 1999 .
Miguel Farré Mallofré ( Catalan spelling Miquel Farré i Mallofré ) , born Terrassa , Barcelona , 23 February 1936 , is a Spanish pianist and music professor .
Anton Friedrich Büsching ( 27 September 1724 -- 28 May 1793 ) was a German geographer , historian , educator and theologian .
Germano Almeida ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒɨɾˈmɐnu alˈmejdɐ ) ; born 1945 ) is a Cape Verdean author and lawyer .
William Wollaston ( /ˈwʊləstən/ ; 26 March 1659 -- 29 October 1724 ) was school teacher , a Church of England priest , a scholar of Latin , Greek and Hebrew , a theologian , and a major Enlightenment era English philosopher .
Karen Jeppe ( 1876 - -1935 ) was a Danish missionary and social worker , known for her work aid worker with Ottoman Armenian refugees and survivals of the Armenian Genocide , mainly widows and orphans , from 1903 until her death in Syria in 1935 .
Gecko Turner ( born Fernando Gabriel Echave Pelaez , 1966 ) is a Spanish musician and singer - songwriter .
Habib Boularès ( Arabic : الحبيب بولعراس‎ ) ( 29 July 1933 -- 18 April 2014 ) was a Tunisian diplomat and politician .
Salvatore Quasimodo ( Italian : ( salvaˈtoːre kwaˈziːmodo ) ; August 20 , 1901 -- June 14 , 1968 ) was an Italian author and poet .
Joel Hasse Ferreira ( also known as The Stalker ) ( born July 13 , 1944 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese politician and a Member of the European Parliament .
Gianni Versace ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒanni verˈsaːtʃe ) , born Giovanni Maria Versace ; 2 December 1946 -- 15 July 1997 ) was an Italian fashion designer and founder of Versace , an international fashion house , which produces accessories , fragrances , make - up and home furnishings as well as clothes .
Rudolf Bernhard or Rudolf Bernhard Conrath ( 26 March 1901 -- 21 October 1962 ) was a Swiss comedian , radio personality , and stage and film actor starring usually in Swiss German language cinema and television and stage productions .
Rudolf Bergander ( 22 May 1909 , Meißen -- 10 April 1970 , Dresden ) was a German painter and principal of the Dresden Academy of Fine Arts from 1952 - -1958 and 1964 - 65 .
Claude Chevalley ( French : ( ʃəvalɛ ) ; 11 February 1909 -- 28 June 1984 ) was a French mathematician who made important contributions to number theory , algebraic geometry , class field theory , finite group theory , and the theory of algebraic groups .
According to Priscillian , apostles , prophets , and `` doctors '' ( Latin for `` teachers '' ) are the divinely appointed orders of the Church , preeminence being due the doctors , among whom Priscillian reckoned himself .
Steffen Popp ( born in Greifswald , 18 July 1978 ) is a German poet , novelist and literary translator .
Claude Dubar ( 11 December 1945 -- 29 September 2015 ) was a French sociologist .
Marco Zoppo ( 1433 - -February 19 , 1498 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period , active mainly in Bologna .
Çetin Doğan ( born 15 May 1940 , Maçka ) is a retired Turkish general .
Joseph Achille Le Bel ( 21 January 1847 in Pechelbronn -- 6 August 1930 , in Paris , France ) was a French chemist .
Fran Saleški Finžgar ( February 9 , 1871 -- June 2 , 1962 ) was perhaps the most popular Slovene folk writer .
Luigi Capello ( 14 April 1859 -- 25 June 1941 ) was an Italian army officer .
Elena Salgado Méndez ( Spanish pronunciation : ( eˈlena salˈɣaðo ˈmendeθ ) ) ( born 12 May 1949 in Ourense , Galicia , Spain ) is a Spanish politician .
Johannes Müller von Königsberg ( 6 June 1436 -- 6 July 1476 ) , today best known by the Latin epithet Regiomontanus , was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , translator , instrument maker and Catholic bishop .
Sevtap Baycılı is a Dutch writer of Turkish extraction .
Jutta Burggraf ( 1952 Hildesheim , Germany-- 5 November 2010 Pamplona , Spain ) was a German Catholic theologian .
Giuseppe Valadier ( April 14 , 1762 - - February 1 , 1839 ) was an Italian architect and designer , urban planner and archeologist , a chief exponent of Neoclassicism in Italy .
Francis Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban PC KC ( /ˈbeɪkən/ ; 22 January 1561 -- 9 April 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman , scientist , jurist , orator , and author .
Stéphane Laurent is a French historian born in Rueil - Malmaison , near Paris , France , in 1966 .
André Chapelon ( 26 October 1892 -- 22 July 1978 ) was a noted French mechanical engineer and designer of advanced steam locomotives .
Aranmula Ponnamma ( 8 April 1914 -- 21 February 2011 ) was a National Award winning Malayalam film actress known for her roles as mother of the protagonist in numerous films .
Francesco Maria Zanotti Cavazzoni ( Bologna , January 6 , 1692 -- Bologna , 25 December 1777 ) was an Italian philosopher and writer .
Helen Zahavi ( born 1966 ) is an English novelist and screenwriter born and educated in London .
Wolfgang Flür ( born 17 July 1947 ) is a German musician , best known as a member of the electronic group Kraftwerk from 1973 to 1987 , playing electronic percussion .
Sir Jack Westrup ( 26 July 1904 -- 21 April 1975 ) was an English musicologist , writer , teacher and occasional conductor and composer .
Joaquín Blake y Joyes ( Vélez - Málaga , 19 August 1759 -- 27 April 1827 ) was a Spanish military officer who served with distinction in the French Revolutionary and Peninsular wars .
Günter Benser ( born 12 January 1931 ) is a German Marxist historian .
Arnaud Beauville ( born 10 May 1947 ) is a French mathematician , whose research interest is algebraic geometry .
Christoph Peters ( born 1966 ) is a German author of novels and short stories .
Ambrogio Calepino ( Latin : Ambrosius Calepinus ; c. 1440 - -1510 ) , commonly known by the Latin form of his name , Calepinus , was an Italian lexicographer .
Angie Westhoff ( born 1965 in Munich ) is a German writer of children 's literature .
Claude Pascal ( born February 19 , 1921 in Paris ) , is a French composer .
Sir Percy Henry Winfield ( 16 September 1878 - 7 July 1953 ) FBA was Rouse Ball Professor of English Law between 1928 and 1943 .
Patrick Branwell Brontë ( /ˈbrɒnti/ , commonly /ˈbrɒnteɪ/ ; 26 June 1817 -- 24 September 1848 ) was an English painter and writer .
Isidro Nozal Vega ( born 18 October 1977 ) is a former Spanish professional road racing cyclist .
Hugo Hermann Fürchtegott Treffner ( 17 July 1845 -- 13 March 1912 ) was the founder and first director of the Hugo Treffner Gymnasium in Tartu , and an important figure in the Estonian national awakening .
Wang Yangming ( 31 October 1472 -- 9 January 1529 ) , courtesy name Bo'an , was a Chinese idealist Neo - Confucian philosopher , official , educationist , calligraphist and general during the Ming dynasty .
Esteban Crespo ( born June 10 , 1971 ) is a Spanish film maker .
Vanna Brosio ( 18 April 1943 -- 19 June 2010 ) was an Italian singer , television personality and journalist .
Gustaf Nordenskiöld ( 29 June 1868 - June 6 , 1895 ) , Swedish scholar of Finnish - Swedish descent , a member of the Nordenskiöld family of scientists and the eldest son of polar explorer Baron Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld and his equally aristocratic wife , Anna Maria Mannerheim .
Thomas Lodge ( c.1558 -- September 1625 ) was an English physician and author during the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods .
Marcel Foucault ( 1865 -- 1947 ) was a French philosopher and psychologist .
Filip Shiroka ( 1859 - -1935 ) was a classical Rilindja ( Albanian : Renaissance ) poet whose verse was first to become known in later years .
Peter Lilienthal ( born 27 November 1929 ) is a German film director , writer , actor and producer .
Cristanne Miller ( born 1953 ) is Edward H. Butler Professor of English and Chair of the Department at the University at Buffalo in New York .
Kang Young - sook ( Hangul : 강영숙 ; born November 10 , 1967 ) is a South Korean writer .
Bernd - Rainer Barth ( born Berlin 1957 ) is a German historian of the modern period .
Jacques Hassoun ( 20 October 1936 -- 24 April 1999 ) was a French psychoanalyst and proponent of the ideas of Jacques Lacan .
Karl Friedrich Bahrdt ( August 25 , 1741 -- April 23 , 1792 ) , also spelled Carl Friedrich Bahrdt , was an unorthodox German biblical scholar , theologian , and polemicist .
Peter W. Marx ( born 1973 in Limburg an der Lahn ) is a German Theatre and Performance Studies Scholar .
Hans Jürgen von der Wense ( 10 November 1894 -- 9 November 1966 ) was a German poet , composer , photographer , aphorist and hiker .
José García Nieto ( Oviedo , 6 July 1914 -- Madrid , 27 February 2001 ) , was a Spanish poet and writer .
Thomas William Allies ( 12 February 1813 -- 17 June 1903 ) was an English historical writer specializing in religious subjects .
Adriana Asti ( born 30 April 1933 , Milan ) is an Italian theatre , film and voice actress .
Georg Philipp Harsdörffer ( November 1 , 1607 -- September 17 , 1658 ) was a Baroque - period German poet and translator .
Baroness Amélie Nothomb ( born Fabienne - Claire ; 9 July 1966 in Etterbeek , Belgium ) is a Belgian writer who writes in French .
Noël Jourda de Vaux ( 12 March 1705 in Château des Vaux au Puy - en - Velay -- 14 September 1788 in Grenoble ) , comte de Vaux , seigneur d'Artiac was a French nobleman and General .
Antoni Bou i Mena ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ənˈtɔni ˈβɔw ) ) , also known as Toni Bou ( born 17 October 1986 in Piera , in Catalonia , Spain ) , is a Spanish professional motorcycle trials rider .
Johannes Ewald ( 18 November 1743 -- 17 March 1781 ) was a Danish national dramatist and poet .
Anthony Berkeley Cox ( 5 July 1893 -- 9 March 1971 ) was an English crime writer .
Joaquín Xaudaró y Echau ( August 17 , 1872 -- 1933 ) was a Spanish cartoonist , illustrator , and caricaturist .
Pippo Franco ( pseudonym of Francesco Pippo ; born 2 September 1940 ) is an Italian actor , comedian , television presenter , and singer .
Francisco Saavedra de Sangronis ( 1746 -- 1819 ) was a Spanish government official and soldier whose work in Cuba during the American Revolutionary War laid the foundations for the defeat of British forces in Florida and at Yorktown .
Bernardo Buontalenti ( Italian pronunciation : ( berˈnardo ˌbwɔntaˈlɛnti ) ) , byname of Bernardo Delle Girandole ( c. 1531 -- 25 or 26 June 1608 ) , was an Italian stage designer , architect , theatrical designer , military engineer and artist .
Johann Carl Kaiserling ( February 3 , 1869 - August 20 , 1942 ) was a German pathologist who was a native of Kassel - Wehlheiden .
Farhat Ishtiaq ( Urdu : فرحت اشتیاق‎ ) ( born June 23 , 1980 ) , is a Pakistani writer , author and screenwriter .
Carsten Nicolai ( born 1965 ) , known as Alva Noto , is a German musician .
Giovanni di Lorenzo ( born March 9 , 1959 ) is a German - Italian journalist .
Antonino Paternò Castello , Marquis di San Giuliano ( Catania , 9 December 1852 - Rome , 16 October 1914 ) , was an Italian diplomat and Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Leopold Ullstein ( 6 September 1826 -- 4 December 1899 ) was the founder and publisher of several successful German newspapers , including B.Z. am Mittag and Berliner Morgenpost .
Xavier Vilalta ( born May 8 , 1980 ) is a Catalan Spanish architect and professor .
Ernst Friedrich Apelt ( 3 March 1812 , Reichenau , Saxony -- 27 October 1859 , Oppelsdorf , Upper Lusatia , Saxony ) was a German philosopher and entrepreneur .
Karol Adamiecki ( 18 March 1866 in Dąbrowa Górnicza -- 16 May 1933 in Warsaw , Poland ) was a Polish economist , engineer and management researcher .
Maria Dąbrowska ( ( dɔmˈbrɔfska ) ; 6 October 1889 -- 19 May 1965 ) was a Polish writer , novelist , essayist , journalist and playwright , author of the popular Polish historical novel Noce i dnie ( Nights and Days ) written between 1932 and 1934 in four separate volumes .
Amlan Das Gupta is Professor of English , Jadavpur University , Kolkata .
Gerardo Vera Perales ( Miraflores de la Sierra , Madrid , 10 March 1947 ) is a Spanish costume and set designer , opera director , actor , film and theatre director .
Eduard Heyck ( May 30 , 1862 -- July 11 , 1941 ) was a German cultural historian , editor , writer and poet .
Elsa Pinilla Osuna ( born October 2 , 1985 in Madrid ) is a Spanish singer - songwriter and actress .
Jógvan Isaksen ( born 25 August 1950 in Tórshavn ) is a Faroese writer and literary historian .
Léonce Vieljeux ( 12 April 1865 , Les Vans , Ardèche , France - 12 September 1944 , Struthof ) was a colonel in the French reserve army , industrialist and mayor of La Rochelle .
Franz Xaver Haberl ( 12 April 1840 , Oberellenbach ( today Mallersdorf - Pfaffenberg ) , Lower Bavaria -- 5 September 1910 , Ratisbon ) was a German musicologist , friend of Liszt , Perosi , and Singenberger , cleric , and student of Proske .
Louise Doughty ( born 4 September 1963 ) is an English novelist , playwright and journalist from a Romani background .
Francisco Rodríguez Pascual ( 20 March 1927 -- 22 April 2007 ) was a Spanish humanist and anthropologist .
François Ravaillac ( French pronunciation : ​(fʁɑ̃swa ʁavajak ) ; 1578 -- 27 May 1610 ) was a French factotum in the courts of Angoulême and a regicide .
Gustav Glogau ( 6 June 1844 , Laukischken ( Kreis Labiau , Ostpreußen ) - 22 March 1895 , Laurion ( Greece ) ) is a German philosopher of religion .
Jan Chryzostom Pasek ( about 1636 - -1701 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) and writer in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
John Maxwell Edmonds ( 21 January 1875 -- 18 March 1958 ) was an English classicist , poet , and dramatist who is notable as the creator of celebrated epitaphs .
Giovanni Battista Casanova ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒoˈvanni batˈtista kazaˈnɔːva ) ; 2 November 1730 -- 8 December 1795 ) was an Italian painter and printmaker of the Neoclassic period .
Jordi Carbonell i de Ballester ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʒɔrði kərβuˈneʎ ) ) ( born April 23 , 1924 , Barcelona ) is a Spanish politician and philologist .
Melissa Panarello ( born 3 December 1985 ) , alias Melissa P. , is an Italian writer .
Miguel Ángel Villar Pinto ( A Coruña , December 29 , 1977 ) , is a Spanish writer , author of fairy tales , children 's books , and novels .
Aurora Bertrana y Salazar ( 29 October 1892 -- Berga , Barcelona , 3 September 1974 ) was a Catalan cellist and writer , notable for her exotic stories and novels .
Philipp Nicolai ( 10 August 1556 -- 26 October 1608 ) was a German Lutheran pastor , poet , and composer .
Madhupal is an Indian film actor , director , and screenwriter known for his work in Malayalam cinema .
The Reverend A.A. Raymond Janin ( 31 August 1882 -- 12 July 1972 ) was a French Byzantinist .
Yang Jingyuan ( simplified Chinese : 杨静远 ; traditional Chinese : 楊靜遠 ; pinyin : Yáng Jìngyuǎn ; born February 1923 ) also known by her pen name Yuan Qing ( Chinese : 苑青 ; pinyin : Yuàn Qīng ) .
Carlos de Oliveira , GOSE ( 10 August 1921 -- 1 July 1981 ) , was a Portuguese poet and novelist .
Erik Dammann ( born 9 May 1931 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian author , environmentalist and government scholar .
Johann Christian Lobe ( May 30 , 1797 -- July 27 , 1881 ) was a German composer and music theorist .
Dr. Ulrich Maly ( born 8 August 1960 ) is a German politician , member of the SPD who has served as the Mayor of Nuremberg since 2002 .
Paweł Huelle ( b. 10 September 1957 in Gdańsk , Poland ) is a Polish prose writer .
Thomas Joplin ( 1790?--1847 ) was an English timber merchant and banker .
Siegfried Jacobsohn ( 28 January 1881 -- 3 December 1926 ) was a German writer and influential theatre critic .
Benjamin B. Bourdon ( 1860 - -1943 ) was a French psychologist born in Normandy on August 5th , 1860 .
Gustav Mayer ( 4 October 1871 - 21 February 1948 ) was a German journalist and historian with a particular focus on the Labour movement .
Hadrianus Junius ( 1511 - -1575 ) , also known as Adriaen de Jonghe , was a Dutch physician , classical scholar , translator , lexicographer , antiquarian , historiographer , emblematist , school rector , and Latin poet .
Aldo Brancher ( born 30 May 1943 ; Trichiana , Veneto ) is an Italian politician .
Baltasar Lopes da Silva ( Caleijão , São Nicolau , 23 April 1907 - Lisbon , Portugal , 28 May 1989 ) was a writer , poet and linguist from Cape Verde , who wrote in both Portuguese and Cape Verdean Creole .
Victor Bockris ( born 1949 ) is an English - born , U.S .- based author , primarily of biographies of artists , writers , and musicians .
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair ( Malayalam : തിക്കുറിശ്ശി സുകുമാരൻ നായർ ; 16 October 1916 -- 11 March 1997 ) was a Nagercoilite born Malayali Indian poet , playwright , script writer , lyricist , orator , film director and actor , though he is best known as an actor in Malayalam cinema .
Poul Ruders ( pronounced ( pʰɔʊ̯l ˈʁuːdəʂ ) ) ( born 27 March 1949 in Ringsted ) is a Danish composer .
C. Lakshmi Rajyam or shortly Lakshmirajyam ( Telugu : లక్ష్మీరాజ్యం ; 1922 - -1987 ) was a South Indian film and drama actress and film producer in 1930s to 1970s .
Donald Crisp ( born George William Crisp , 27 July 1882 -- 25 May 1974 ) was an English - born , later United States - based film actor .
Pierre d'Hozier , seigneur de la Garde ( July 10 , 1592 -- December 1 , 1660 ) , was a French genealogist .
Félix de Azúa ( born 1944 ) is a Spanish professor of aesthetics and philosophy , poet , novelist , essayist and translator .
Christiane Baroche ( born 20 Janvier 1935 Paris ) is a French novelist , and short story writer .
Anahit Sahinyan ( Armenian : Անահիտ Սահինյան , June 20 , 1917 - January 7 , 2010 , Yerevan ) was an Armenian writer and translator .
Rudolf van den Berg ( born 6 . January 1949 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch writer and director .
Wu Ming ( extended name : Wu Ming Foundation ) is a pseudonym for a group of Italian authors formed in 2000 from a subset of the Luther Blissett community in Bologna .
Birger Norman ( 1914 -- 1995 ) was a Swedish journalist , poet , novelist , playwright and non - fiction writer .
Tommaso Grossi ( January 20 , 1791 -- December 10 , 1853 ) was an Italian poet and novelist .
The Hon . Richard Savage Nassau ( 1 June 1723 -- 17 May 1780 ) was an English Member of Parliament who served from 1747 to 1780 , with a 20-year gap between 1754 and 1774 .
Françoise Choay ( born 29 March 1925 , Paris ) is a French architectural and urban historian and theorist .
Jane Misme ( 1865 - -1935 ) was a French journalist and feminist .
Clara Lago Grau ( born 6 March 1990 in Torrelodones , Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish actress .
Manfred Gerlach ( 8 May 1928 -- 17 October 2011 ) was a German jurist and politician ( LDPD ) .
Elisa Bloch ( 1848 , Breslau , Silesia - 1904 or 1905 ) was a Silesian - French sculptor .
T. P. Gajendran is a Tamil film director and actor who plays minor roles .
David Ellwand ( born 1966 ) is an English photographer , illustrator , and author .
Heide Göttner - Abendroth ( born February 8 , 1941 in Langewiesen , Germany ) is a German feminist advocating Matriarchy Studies ( also Modern Matriarchal Studies ) , focusing on the study of matriarchal or matrilineal societies .
Jacques Feldbau was a French mathematician , born on 22 October 1914 in Strasbourg , of an Alsatian Jewish traditionalist family .
Richard Edwardes ( also Edwards , 25 March 1525 -- 31 October 1566 ) was an English poet , playwright , and composer ; he was made a Gentleman of the Chapel Royal , and was master of the singing boys .
Guo Songtao ( simplified Chinese : 郭嵩焘 ; traditional Chinese : 郭嵩燾 , also written 郭崧濤 ; pinyin : Guō Sōngtāo ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo Sung - t’ao ; 11 April 1818 -- 18 July 1891 ) was a Chinese diplomat and statesman during the Qing dynasty .
Sir Jeremy Stuart - Smith ( born 1955 ) is an English judge .
Jean Charbonneau ( 1875-October 25 , 1960 ) was a French - Canadian poet who was the main founder of the Montreal Literary School .
Michèle Vergne ( born August 29 , 1943 in L’Isle - Adam , Val d´Oise ) is a French mathematician , specializing in analysis and representation theory .
Jens Søndergaard ( October 4 , 1895 -- May 21 , 1957 ) was a Danish expressionist painter .
Guy Roux ( French pronunciation : ​(ɡi ʁu ) ; born October 18 , 1938 in Colmar ) is a former French football player and manager known for being in charge of French side AJ Auxerre for the remarkable period of more than forty years and for leading the once humble amateur team to national and worldwide prominence .
Rosario Romeo ( 11 October 1924 - 16 March 1987 ) was a leading historian of the Italian Risorgimento and of Italian modern history more generally .
Justus Olshausen ( 9 May 1800 , Hohenfelde -- 28 December 1882 ) was a German orientalist who made contributions to Semitic and Iranian philology .
Vasile Conta ( November 15 , 1845 -- April 21 , 1882 ) was a Romanian philosopher , poet , and politician .
Michael J. Bird ( 31 October 1928 , London -- 11 May 2001 , Great Shelford , Cambridgeshire ) was an English writer .
Kim Seong - su ( 김성수 , 金性洙 ; October 11 , 1891 -- February 18 , 1955 ) was a Korean educator , independence activist , journalist , entrepreneur , politician and calligrapher , the second Vice President of South Korea serving 1951 - -1952 .
Rüdiger Bubner ( 9 May 1941 , Lüdenscheid -- 9 February 2007 , Heidelberg ) was a German philosopher .
David Alderton is an English writer specialising in pets and natural history topics .
Karl Edvin Öhrström ( August 22 , 1906 in Burlöv -- December 2 , 1994 ) was a Swedish sculptor and glass artist .
Arnold Weinstock , Baron Weinstock ( 29 July 1924 -- 23 July 2002 ) was an English businessman .
Giovanni Pontano ( 1426 - -1503 ) , later known as Giovanni Gioviano or Latin :
Jacques Puisais ( born in Poitiers en 1927 ) is a French oenologist and taste philosopher .
Hans Neuenfels ( born 31 May 1941 , Krefeld ) is a German writer , poet , film producer , librettist , theatre director and opera director .
Clare Chambers was born on 1966 in Croydon , Surrey , England , UK , daughter of English teachers .
The Blessed Thomas Aufield ( 1552 -- 6 July 1585 ) , also called Thomas Alfield , was an English Roman Catholic martyr .
Hayley Long ( born 1971 ) is an English author best known for her teen fiction .
Alvis Hermanis ( born 27 April 1965 in Riga ) is a Latvian actor , dramatist , theatre director and set designer .
Wilhelm Hünermann ( 28 July 1900 , Kempen , Germany -- 28 November 1975 ) was a German priest and writer , best known for his novelized biographies of Roman Catholic saints .
Manfred Wekwerth ( né Weckwerth ; 3 December 1929 -- 16 July 2014 ) was a German theatre and film director and writer .
Agostino Scilla ( August 10 , 1629 -- May 31 , 1700 ) was an Italian painter , paleontologist , geologist , and pioneer in the study of fossils .
Franz Joseph Dölger ( October 18 , 1879 -- October 17 , 1940 ) was a German Catholic theologian and church historian born in Sulzbach am Main .
Sir Robert Naunton ( 1563 -- 27 March 1635 ) was an English writer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1606 and 1626 .
Jesús Caldera Sánchez - Capitán ( Béjar , Salamanca , October 31 , 1957 ) is a Spanish socialist politician .
Benjamin Mazar ( Hebrew : בנימין מזר‎ ; born Binyamin Zeev Maisler , June 28 , 1906 -- September 9 , 1995 ) was a pioneering Israeli historian , recognized as the `` dean '' of biblical archaeologists .
Admiral Patricio Montojo y Pasarón ( September 7 , 1839 -- September 30 , 1917 ) was a career Spanish naval officer most known for his defeat at the Battle of Manila Bay ( May 1 , 1898 ) by Admiral George Dewey , a decisive battle of the Spanish--
Bernardo Davanzati ( 1529 -- 1606 ) was an Italian agronomist , economist and translator .
Đào Duy Anh ( 25 April 1904 -- 1 April 1988 ) was a Vietnamese historian and lexicographer .
Thomas Hill Green ( 7 April 1836 -- 15 March 1882 ) was an English philosopher , political radical and temperance reformer , and a member of the British idealism movement .
Shōtetsu ( 正徹 , 1381 - 1459 CE ) was a Japanese poet during the Muromachi period , and is considered to have been the last poet in the courtly waka tradition ; a number of his disciples were important in the development of the renga art form , which led to the haiku .
Luis Mayans y Enríquez de Navarra ( 22 July 1805 in Requena , Valencia -- 14 September 1880 in Madrid ) was a Spanish noble and politician who served as Minister of State in 1854 and President of the Congress of Deputies between 1848 and 1850 .
Alexander George Sutherland ( March 25 , 1862 -- July 18 , 1942 ) was an English - born U.S. jurist and political figure .
Juhan Viiding ( 1 June 1948 -- 21 February 1995 ) , also known under the pseudonym of Jüri Üdi was an Estonian poet and actor .
Teresa Forcades i Vila , O.S.B. ( Catalan pronunciation : ( t(ə)ˈɾɛzə fuɾˈkaðəs ) ; born 1966 ) , is a Catalan physician and a Benedictine nun .
David Etxebarria Alkorta ( 23 July 1973 , Abadiño , Basque Country ) is a Spanish professional road racing cyclist .
Béni Egressy ( born Galambos Benjámin , 21 April 1814 - died in Sajókazinc , 17 July 1851 ) was a Hungarian composer , librettist , translator and actor .
Louis Cousin , le président Cousin ( French pronunciation : ​(lwi kuzɛ̃ ) ; 21 August 1627 -- 26 February 1707 ) was a French translator , historian , lawyer , royal censor and president of the cour des monnaies .
Henri Colpi ( 15 July 1921 -- 14 January 2006 ) was a French film editor and film director .
Lorenzo Magnani ( born 1952 ) , is an Italian philosopher who teaches philosophy of science in the Department of Humanities , Philosophy Section , at the University of Pavia , where he is full professor and directs the Computational Philosophy Laboratory .
Juan Lembeye ( Ferrol , 1816 -- Culleredo , 1889 ) was a Spanish naturalist .
Yahya Kemal Beyatlı , born Ahmet Âgâh ( December 2 , 1884 -- November 1 , 1958 ) , was a leading Turkish poet and author , as well as a politician and diplomat .
Sir John Mordaunt , 9th Baronet ( 24 August 1808 -- 27 September 1845 ) was an English politician .
André Jardin ( 1912 -- 1996 ) was a French biographer and historian , best known for his studies of Alexis de Tocqueville and 19th century French history .
Cao Cao ( Chinese : 曹操 ; 155 -- 15 March 220 ) , courtesy name Mengde , was a warlord and the penultimate Chancellor of the Eastern Han dynasty who rose to great power in the final years of the dynasty .
André Maugars ( c. 1580 -- c. 1645 ) was a French viol player .
Sir Thomas Lyttelton , 4th Baronet ( 1686 -- 14 September 1751 ) was an English landowner and politician from the Lyttelton family .
Maurice Zermatten ( October 22 , 1910 in Saint - Martin , Valais -- February 11 , 2001 in Sion ) was a French - speaking Swiss writer .
Herbert Ernest Bates , CBE ( 16 May 1905 --29 January 1974 ) , better known as H. E. Bates , was an English writer and author .
Salvador María Granés ( 1840 - -1911 ) was a Spanish journalist and author of comic theatre , including many parodies of the serious theatrical genres of the late nineteenth century .
Prapanchan ( Tamil : பிரபஞ்சன் ) , is the pseudonym of S. Vaidyalingam ( Tamil : சாரங்கபாணி வைத்தியலிங்கம் , b. 27 April 1945 ) a Tamil , writer and critic from Pondicherry , India .
Heinz A. Richter ( born 1939 ) is a German historian , known for his work on the history of World War II in the Balkans , the history of modern Greece and the modern history of Cyprus .
Yehuda Amichai ( Hebrew : יהודה עמיחי‎ ; ‎3 May 1924 -- 22 September 2000 ) was an Israeli poet .
Michel Le Tellier , marquis de Barbezieux , seigneur de Chaville et de Viroflay ( 19 April 1603 -- 30 October 1685 ) was a French statesman .
Juan Bautista Diamante ( ? 29 August 1625 ? -- 2 November 1687 ) , minor Spanish dramatist of the school of Calderón , was the son of a Portuguese mother and a Sicilian merchant of Greek parentage who came to Madrid some time before 1631 .
Jean - Paul Alata ( 17 August 1924 - September 1978 ) was a Frenchman who was a political prisoner in Camp Boiro , Guinea from January 1971 to July 1975 , later writing a book about his experience which was banned by the French government .
Louis Dumont ( 1911 -- 19 November 1998 ) was a French anthropologist .
Valerio Zurlini ( 19 March 1926 -- 27 October 1982 ) was an Italian film director , stage director and screenwriter .
Zahi Hawass ( Arabic : زاهي حواس‎ ; born May 28 , 1947 ) is an Egyptian archaeologist , an Egyptologist , and former Minister of State for Antiquities Affairs .
KTBL ( 1050 kHz ) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to the village of Los Ranchos de Albuquerque , New Mexico , and serves the Albuquerque metropolitan area .
The Princess Royal University Hospital or PRUH is a large acute district general hospital situated in Locksbottom , near Farnborough , in the London Borough of Bromley .
CorvetteForum is an auto enthusiast website for owners and fans of the Chevrolet Corvette sports car .
The HTC Sensation is a smartphone designed and manufactured by HTC Corporation that runs the Android 2.3 Gingerbread software stock .
USS Chandeleur ( AV-10 ) , a seaplane tender , was launched on 29 November 1941 by Western Pipe and Steel Company , San Francisco , California , under a Maritime Commission contract ; transferred to the U.S. Navy 19 November 1942 ; and commissioned the same day , Captain William Sinton in command .
The Volvo B9TL is a low - floor double - decker bus built by Volvo Buses since 2002 .
The DS 4 is a compact car and it is the second model in the new premium ( luxury vehicle ) DS sub - brand created by Citroën to run alongside its mainstream cars .
TruePic is the name Olympus has given its image processing engine .
The DS 3 is a supermini , produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since 2009 and officially launched in January 2010 .
The RL10 was the first liquid hydrogen rocket engine to be built in the United States , and development of the engine by Marshall Space Flight Center and Pratt & Whitney began in the 1950s , with the first flight occurring in 1961 .
The Boeing 757 is a mid - size , narrow - body twin - engine jet airliner that was designed and built by Boeing Commercial Airplanes .
The Zastava M12 Black Spear is a 12.7 mm or .50 caliber anti - materiel rifle developed by Zastava Arms of Serbia
The 1941 M4 Vacamatic transmission by Chrysler was , historically , the first semi - automatic transmission which was marketed by a major manufacturer .
The Remington Model 878 , also known as the Automaster , is a semi - automatic shotgun manufactured by Remington Arms in the mid 20th century .
The Wolseley 24/80 is an automobile which was produced by British Motor Corporation ( Australia ) from 1962 to 1965 .
INS Kadmatt ( P29 ) is the second of four anti - submarine warfare corvettes built for the Indian Navy by the Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers of Kolkata under Project 28 .
Sakb is an armoured command vehicle designed and manufactured in Pakistan by APC Factory of Heavy Industries Taxila ( HIT ) .
The UE ROLL is an ultra - portable speaker manufactured by Ultimate Ears , supporting Bluetooth and wired connections .
Karhu is a Finnish beer brand owned by the Sinebrychoff brewery , part of the Carlsberg Group .
The most frequently stated figures are 9,110 ( 3,901 BA-64 and 5,209 BA-64B ) vehicles which were built in the GAZ automobile plant , although a memorial plaque near the pictured Nizhny Novgorod car states 9,063 cars .
SS Bovic was a steamship built by Harland and Wolff in Belfast for the White Star Line .
Translohr is the name of a rubber - tired tramway ( or guided bus ) system originally developed by Lohr Industrie of France and now by a consortium of Alstom and Fonds Stratégique d'Investissement ( FSI ) as newTL ( taking over from Lohr in 2012 ) .
The RiscPC ( stylised with a half - space as Risc PC , also referred to as Risc PC and codenamed Medusa ) was Acorn Computers 's next generation RISC OS / Acorn RISC Machine computer , launched on 15 April 1994 , which superseded the Acorn Archimedes .
The BSA A7 was a motorcycle made by Birmingham Small Arms Company ( BSA ) at their factory in Armoury Road , Small Heath , Birmingham in 1946 .
SS Al - Abbas was the first major ship to be built at the Karachi Shipyard in 1967 .
Agni - VI is an intercontinental ballistic missile being developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) for the use of the Indian Armed Forces .
German submarine U-173 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was laid down at the DeSchiMAG AG Weser yard in Bremen as yard number 1013 , launched on 11 August 1941 and commissioned on 15 November with Fregattenkapitän Heinz - Ehler Beuke in command .
The FM-8 ( Fujitsu Micro 8) was a personal computer developed and manufactured by Fujitsu in May 1981 .
Design started in the late 1970s at the Molniya design bureau in Ukraine on what would be their only air - to - ground munition , but when they moved exclusively to space work Vympel took over development of the Kh-29 .
The Asia Rocsta is a four - wheel drive off - road vehicle built by Asia Motors Corporation in South Korea .
The Nexus S is a smartphone co - developed by Google and Samsung and manufactured by Samsung Electronics for release in 2010 .
Small Smart Weapon or Scorpion missile is a new generation small American missile manufactured by Lockheed Martin .
The MP-444 `` Bagira '' pistol is a modern pistol designed in Russia at the Izhevsk Mechanical Plant ( IMZ ) ; it was built to replace the Makarov pistols .
Singha ( Thai : สิงห์ ; rtgs : Sing ) is a 5 % abv pale lager produced by Boon Rawd Brewery .
In 1955 , the BMW Isetta became the world 's first mass - production car to achieve a fuel consumption of 3 L/100 km ( 94 mpg - imp ; 78 mpg - US ) .
Brady Hjelle ( born May 3 , 1990 ) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Stjernen Hockey of the Norwegian GET - ligaen .
Joseph Shikokoti ( born 8 August 1985 ) is an Kenyan footballer who plays for A.F.C. Leopards in the Kenyan Premier League and the Kenya national team as a centre back .
David Rhys - Jones ( born 16 June 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club and the Sydney Swans in the VFL / AFL .
Born and raised in Niendorf , Hamburg on 2 August 1968 , Stefan Effenberg started his professional career with Borussia Mönchengladbach , being an undisputed first - choice by age 20 .
Patrick Pendanx ( born 16 May 1975 ) is a footballer currently playing for Championnat de France amateur 2 side Stade Montois as a midfielder .
Dalier Hinojosa Hernández ( dahl - yair ' / eeno - hoe'-sah ) ( born February 10 , 1986 ) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Jonathan Joan España Santiago ( born 13 November 1988 ) is a Venezuelan professional football player , who plays for Atlético Venezuela as a Defender .
Luciano Amaral da Silva Alves ( born 20 October 1982 ) , known as Amaral , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural as a left back .
Sami Allagui ( born 28 May 1986 ) is a Tunisian football striker who plays for Hertha BSC and the Tunisia national team .
Július Hudáček ( born 9 August 1988 ) is a Slovak ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Örebro HK in Elitserien .
Dara Mohammed Habib ( Arabic : دارا محمد حبيب ‎ ) ( born June 25 , 1987 in Kirkuk , Iraq ) is an Iraqi football player of Kurdish ethnicity , who plays for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya football club in Iraq .
Paul Sterling ( born 2 August 1964 in Wolverhampton ) is an English born rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at representative level for England , and Wales , and at club level for Hull , Leeds Rhinos , and Hunslet Hawks as a Wing .
Róbert Szegedi ( born 26 May 1985 is a Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnic origin who currently plays for Slovak 3 . liga club ŠKF Sereď .
Zack Nash ( born September 23 , 1989 ) is an American football linebacker who last played for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Steven Curfman ( born October 8 , 1986 in Manassas , Virginia ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for USASA amateur team CASL Elite .
Iván Cuéllar Sacristán ( born 27 May 1984 ) , nicknamed Pichu , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón as a goalkeeper .
Scott Morrow ( born June 18 , 1969 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a retired American ice hockey player who played four games in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames in 1994 - -95 .
Nicolás Berardo ( born July 26 , 1990 in San Basilio ( Córdoba ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Unión Española .
Jean - Paul Ndeki ( born 27 October 1982 in Cameroon ) is a footballer who last plays for Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya .
Âu Văn Hoàn ( born 1 October 1989 in Nghe An ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Right back for V - League ( Vietnam ) Becamex Binh Duong F.C. and the Vietnam national team .
Ole Johan Singsdal ( born 8 May 1979 ) is a Norwegian football ( soccer ) attacking midfielder , who plays for KIL / Hemne , the club where he started his career .
Aschraf El Mahdioui ( born 24 May 1996 ) is a Dutch - Moroccan professional football player who plays for Jong Ajax as a midfielder .
Abdul Hadi Yahya ( born 6 March 1985 in Klang , Selangor ) is a Malaysian professional Footballer who plays as a Forward with Selangor FA , which he joined from his previous club Perak FA for the 2013 season .
Muslim Ahmad ( born 25 April 1989 , in Kuala Terengganu , Terengganu ) is a Malaysian footballer who currently play for Kelantan FA .
Frode Johnsen ( born 17 March 1974 ) is a former Norwegian footballer who played for Odd and Rosenborg in the Tippeligaen and for Nagoya Grampus Eight and Shimizu S - Pulse in Japan .
Valery Kechinov is a former Russia international footballer , who spent the majority of his playing career at Spartak Moscow .
Mohamed Madihi ( born 15 February 1979 ) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Moroccan side FAR Rabat .
Charles Marcelo da Silva ( born 4 February 1994 ) , simply known as Charles , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.S. Marítimo as a goalkeeper .
Tatu Miettunen ( born 24 April 1995 ) is a Finnish professional footballer , who plays as a central defender for Finnish premier division club Ilves .
Aníbal Gabriel Alcoba Rebollo ( born 24 January 1980 in Paso de los Toros ) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Deportivo Maldonado in the Uruguayan Segunda División .
Kyle Exume ( born November 22 , 1987 in Brooklin , Ontario ) is a professional Canadian football running back who was most recently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos .
Sebastián Solé ( born 12 June 1991 in Rosario , Argentina ) is an Argentine volleyball player , a member of Argentina men 's national volleyball team and Italian club Trentino Volley , gold medalist of the 2015 Pan American Games , silver medalist of South American Championship ( 2011 , 2013 ) and Italian Champion ( 2015 ) .
Tom Davidson ( born 3 February 1983 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who was recruited from the Geelong Falcons in the 2001 AFL Draft by the Collingwood Football Club .
Róbert Vittek ( born 1 April 1982 ) is a Slovak football player who plays as a forward for ŠK Slovan Bratislava .
Jean Natal Ratsimialona ( born May 23 , 1978 ) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for AS Adema .
Mario Holek ( born 28 October 1986 ) is a Czech footballer currently playing for the Czech team AC Sparta Prague .
Richie Vernon ( born 7 July 1987 ) is a Scotland rugby union player formerly of Sale Sharks .
Chijioke Onyenegecha ( born March 15 , 1983 in El Sobrante , California ) is a defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos in the Canadian Football League .
Patrick Peter ( born January 27 , 1994 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player for Vienna Capitals of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) and the Austrian national team .
Sandro Galli ( born 4 May 1987 ) is a Swiss football defender , who currently plays for SR Delémont in the Swiss Challenge League .
Ondřej Murín ( born 15 February 1991 ) is a Czech football defender who plays for 1 . HFK Olomouc , on loan from Sigma Olomouc .
Ahmad Hazwan Bakri ( born 19 June 1991 ) is a Malaysian football player who plays as a winger or striker for Selangor FA .
Serghei Covalciuc ( Ukrainian : Сергій Ковальчук , born January 20 , 1982 in Odessa ) is a Moldovan - Ukrainian footballer who last played for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Aktobe .
Ryan Sellers ( born 13 October 1994 ) is an English footballer who plays for Wycombe Wanderers .
Benny Steck ( May 5 , 1921 -- October 22 , 2012 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders and Montreal Alouettes .
Christian Chartier ( born December 29 , 1980 in St. Lazare , Manitoba ) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Augsburger Panther in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Gordon Sherritt ( April 8 , 1919 -- March 12 , 2005 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played eight games in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings .
Štefan Rusnák ( born 7 August 1971 ) is a former Slovak international football forward who played for clubs in Czechoslovakia and Germany and recently manager of FK Dukla Banská Bystrica .
Mark Easter ( born 19 October 1982 in Mbabane , Swaziland ) is a rugby union footballer who plays at No . 8 or Flanker for Sale Sharks after signing from the Northampton Saints in the Summer of 2011 .
Nia Williams ( born September 19 , 1990 ) is a retired American soccer defender who most recently played for FC Kansas City in the National Women 's Soccer League .
Dave Lapham ( born June 24 , 1952 ) is a former professional football offensive lineman for the National Football League 's Cincinnati Bengals from 1974 to 1983 and the United States Football League 's New Jersey Generals ( 1984 - -1985 ) .
Chris Mahaffey ( born in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division .
Tahlia Tupaea ( born 1 June 1997 ) is a basketball player who currently plays for the Sydney Uni Flames in the Women 's National Basketball League .
Genc Tomorri ( born 17 January 1960 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian football director , coach and former player , who has been associated with Partizani Tirana throughout his playing and coaching career .
Glorian Hoxha ( born 5 April 1994 in Lezhë ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Kastrioti Krujë in the Albanian First Division , on loan from KF Tirana .
Darryl Laplante ( born March 28 , 1977 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played in 35 career National Hockey League games for the Detroit Red Wings .
Danielson Ferreira Trindade ( born 9 January 1981 ) , known simply as Danielson , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Moreirense F.C. as a central defender .
Gabe Hall ( born on October 1 , 1983 in Lubbock , Texas ) is a former American football offensive lineman for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League .
Wilberto Cosme Mosquera ( Padilla , July 22 , 1984 ) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Mexican side Puebla F.C. as a striker .
Harold Hallman ( December 10 , 1962 -- December 23 , 2005 ) was a Canadian Football League defensive tackle who played eight seasons in the CFL , mainly for the Toronto Argonauts .
Mike Colangelo ( born October 22 , 1976 in Teaneck , New Jersey ) is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder who played 3 seasons for the Anaheim Angels , San Diego Padres , and Oakland Athletics .
Stanley MacDonald ( born June 29 , 1966 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eredivisie and Eerste Divisie clubs Stormvogels Telstar , SC Heerenveen , FC Oss , N.E.C. ( football club ) and FC Eindhoven during the 1991 - 2001 football seasons .
Lemuel Jeanpierre ( born May 19 , 1987 ) is an American football center who is currently a member of the Seattle Seahawks .
Alex Harlley ( born 28 June 1992 ) is a Togolese professional footballer who currently plays for the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the USL .
Mario Sonnleitner ( born 8 October 1986 in Vorau ) is an Austrian footballer , who currently plays for SK Rapid Wien .
Cristian Carracedo García ( born 30 November 1995 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca B as a right winger .
Tony Demelinne ( born October 7 , 1987 ) is a Dutch professional ice hockey player ( left wing ) currently playing in Friesland Flyers of the Eredivisie ( ice hockey ) .
Joakim Edström ( born 27 November 1992 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Utsiktens BK on loan from GAIS , as a forward .
Semanur Akbaş ( born January 1 , 1996 in Osmangazi , Bursa , Turkey ) is a Turkish women 's football striker currently playing in the Turkish Women 's First Football League for 1207 Antalya Muratpaşa Belediye Spor with jersey number 9 .
Filip Ozobić ( born 8 April 1991 in Bjelovar , Croatia ) is a Croatian midfielder , currently playing for NK Slaven Belupo and the Croatia national under-21 football team .
John Corker ( born December 29 , 1958 in Miami , Florida ) is a former American football linebacker who played four seasons in the National Football League , mainly for the Houston Oilers , and eight seasons in the Arena Football League .
Ed Tapscott is the former interim head coach of the NBA 's Washington Wizards .
Kyle Freadrich ( born December 28 , 1978 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a professional ice hockey player who played for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the NHL .
Dafydd Jones ( born 24 June 1979 ) is a retired Welsh rugby union footballer , who played in the back row for the Llanelli Scarlets in the Magners League .
Oliver Rifai ( born 15 June 1993 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for FC Lisse in the Dutch Topklasse .
Aleksandar Railić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Раилић ; born October 22 , 1979 in Derventa , SFR Yugoslavia , now Bosnia and Herzegovina ) and is a Bosnian Serb professional football player currently playing for FK Ljubić Prnjavor .
Andy Buist ( born 25 August 1984 in Norwich , England ) is a rugby union player for the Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership .
Rasmus Rinne ( born 8 July 1990 ) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Lukko of the Finnish Liiga .
Henry Fa'arodo Jr ( born 5 October 1982 in Honiara ) is a Solomon Islands professional footballer who currently plays as a striker / midfielder for Team Wellington .
Liam Shiels ( born 29 April 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ruslan Pidhornyy ( Ukrainian : Руслан Підгорний ; born July 25 , 1977 ) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer , who competed most recently for UCI ProTeam Vacansoleil-- DCM .
Pascal Donnadieu is a French basketball coach for JSF Nanterre .
Gerhardt Otto Dornhofer ( born February 2 , 1943 ) , better known as Gary Dornhoefer , is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Boston Bruins and Philadelphia Flyers .
David Glen Harmon ( January 2 , 1921 -- March 9 , 2007 ) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played for the Montreal Canadiens from 1942 to 1951 .
Jenny Hallstenson ( born 29 October 1980 ) is a Swedish football midfielder who most recently played in the Swedish 1st Division for QBIK .
Ilir Duro ( born 25 July 1966 ) is a retired Albanian footballer who played during his career as forward for Besa Kavajë , Dinamo Tirana and Freiburger FC .
Lucio Filomeno ( born 8 May 1980 ) is an Argentine football striker who currently plays for Atlético de Rafaela .
Sandro Burki ( born 16 September 1985 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as a midfielder for FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League .
David Rundblad ( born October 8 , 1990 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing for the ZSC Lions of the National League A ( NLA ) on loan from the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Leonardo Ferreira da Silva ( born 19 July 1980 in Campinas , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football striker who previously played for HamKam in Norway , and was released by South China in May 2010 .
Matthew Scarlett ( born 5 June 1979 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer , who formerly played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Christian Mendy ( born 7 November 1984 in Boutoupa , Senegal ) is a French - Senegalese footballer , who currently plays for SC Feignies .
Eric Germain ( born June 26 , 1966 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a retired professional hockey player who played for the Los Angeles Kings in the National Hockey League .
Boris Cmiljanić ( 17 March 1996 ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a striker for Eredivisie club PSV Eindhoven .
José Tiago Nunes Silva ( born 26 February 1991 in Caniçal , Machico , Madeira ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. Caniçal as a right back .
André Francisco Bruno Ferreira ( born 15 June 1990 in Santarém ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Portimonense S.C. as a right winger .
Joseph Larweh Attamah ( born 22 May 1994 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Adana Demirspor .
Tijana Ajduković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тијана Ајдуковић , born June 3 , 1991 ) is a Serbian professional women 's basketball player who plays for USK Praha ( women 's basketball ) of the Czech League .
DeAngelo Tyson ( born April 12 , 1989 ) is an American football defensive end with the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Tony Mahr ( born January 8 , 1986 in Helsingborg ) is a Swedish football player who has played for Helsingborgs IF most of his adult life .
Thor André Olsen played for Mo IL , Molde FK , SK Brann , Djurgårdens IF , Aalborg , IFK Norrköping and Lillestrøm SK .
Tim de Cler ( born 8 November 1978 ) is a former Dutch footballer who played as a left back for Ajax , AZ , Feyenoord and AEK Larnaca .
Sayed Mohammad Hashemi ( born 2 March 1994 ) is an Afghanistan international footballer who plays as a defender for Shaheen Asmayee F.C ..
Sébastien Wüthrich ( born 29 May 1990 in Neuchâtel ) is a Swiss footballer who plays for FC St. Gallen on loan from FC Sion in the Swiss Super League .
Srđan Radosavljev ( Serbian Cyrillic : Срђан Радосављев ; born 25 May 1983 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays mainly as midfielder for FK Bačka 1901 .
Darren Jordan is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s , playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , and Doncaster , as a Hooker .
Oliver Makor ( born October 9 , 1973 ) is a Liberian former football midfielder who last played for Persik Kediri .
Ismaël Keïta Vieira ( born 8 July 1990 in Bamako ) is a Malian football player , who is currently playing for the French side Paris FC .
Dodok Anang Zuanto ( born on January 13 , 1983 in Sidoarjo , East Java ) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League .
John Karelse ( born 17 May 1970 in Wemeldinge ) is a retired Dutch football goalkeeper and unemployed manager after being fired by NAC Breda .
Jure Obšivač ( born 28 May 1990 in Metković ) is a Croatian football midfielder who is currently playing for RNK Split .
Martial Yao Kouassi ( born 4 October 1989 in Bingerville ) is an Ivorian football player who currently plays for Stade Tunisien .
Cédric Si Mohamed ( born January 9 , 1985 ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing for CS Constantine in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
The goals continued to flow following a switch to Spanish second level side UD Salamanca in 1996 , with Pauleta scoring 19 goals as it gained promotion to La Liga in the following year , adding a further 15 in his first season in the top flight .
Thomas Borenitsch ( born December 19 , 1980 ) is an Austrian football goalkeeper currently playing for Austrian Football Bundesliga side SV Mattersburg .
Andre Ethier ( /ˈiːθiər/ ; born April 10 , 1982 ) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Pentti Nöyränen ( born May 20 , 1983 ) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for Espoo Blues of the SM - liiga .
Born in Montpellier , Julien Tomas currently plays for Stade Français in the Top 14 .
Alessandro Beccaria ( born June 12 , 1988 in Mantua ) is an Italian soccer forward who plays for SV Wilhelmshaven .
Marco Arturo Ramírez ( born 25 October 1990 ) , known as Marco , is a Mexican footballer who plays for Puebla F.C. in Mexico , mainly as a left winger .
Félicien Tshamalenga Kabundi ( born 15 May 1980 ) is a football defender from Congo DR . He currently plays for TP Mazembe in DR Congo .
Didier Tholot ( born 2 April 1964 in Feurs , Loire ) is a retired French footballer , currently the manager of FC Sion .
Slobodan Mazić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cлoбoдaн Maзић ; born November 15 , 1977 in Vlasenica ) is a Serbian footballer playing with FK Budućnost Podgorica in Montenegrin First League .
Walter Fernando Ibáñez Costa ( born December 10 , 1984 in Rivera ) , commonly known as Walter Ibáñez , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defender for Alianza Lima .
Mpho Makola ( born May 4 , 1986 in Alexandra , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates .
Lukas Flüeler ( born October 22 , 1988 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Goaltender who is currently playing for the ZSC Lions of the National League A ( NLA ) .
Jerry Don Gleaton ( born September 14 , 1957 in Brownwood , Texas ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from 1979 to 1992 for the Texas Rangers , Seattle Mariners , Chicago White Sox , Kansas City Royals , Detroit Tigers , and Pittsburgh Pirates .
Joel John Bailey ( born February 17 , 1980 ) is a forward who last played for the Carolina RailHawks of the USL First Division .
Matej Hočevar ( born Ljubljana , 30 April 1982 ) is a Slovenian professional ice hockey player currently with HDD Olimpija Ljubljana of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Mohammad Hassan Ansarifard ( Persian : محمدحسن انصاری‌فرد‎‎ , born 1962 in Tehran ) is a former Iranian football player , having played in Persepolis F.C. and the Iranian national football team .
Jimmy Estacio is a Colombian footballer that plays for Expreso Rojo .
Eugenio Leal Vargas ( born 13 May 1954 ) is a retired Spanish footballer who played for Atlético Madrid and for the Spanish national team .
Jim Cherneski ( born September 12 , 1974 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an American soccer player , currently player - manager for Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USSF Division 2 Professional League .
Pavol Sedlák ( born 21 November 1979 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak footballer , who currently plays for SK Schwadorf and also assistant manager in the Slovak giant ŠK Slovan Bratislava .
Paul Sproule is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Essendon Football Club in the VFL from 1968 to 1971 and then for the Richmond Football Club from 1972 to 1975 .
Billy Longer is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Michael Ludäscher ( born 4 May 1988 ) is a Swiss football defender who currently plays for FC Baden on loan from FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League .
Aytaç Sulu ( born 11 December 1985 in Heidelberg ) is a Turkish football defender from Nußloch currently playing for SV Darmstadt 98 as captain in the Bundesliga , who was born in Germany .
Adrian Kekec ( born May 28 , 1985 ) is a Canadian soccer player of Slovenian descent , who currently plays for FK Pelister in the First Macedonian Football League .
Taylor Duryea ( born 24 April 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ron Jayson Buenafe ( born May 27 , 1983 in Quezon City ) , better known as Ronjay Buenafe , is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Meralco Bolts in the Philippine Basketball Association .
Enis Jackson ( born May 16 , 1963 in Helena , Arkansas ) is a former professional American football player who played defensive back in 1987 for the Cleveland Browns in the National Football League .
Romagna , Giacomo Bassoli started his professional career at Bologna F.C. 1909 along with his twin brother Alessandro .
Roland Polareczki ( born 20 May 1990 in Lenti ) is a Hungarian striker who currently plays for Zalaegerszegi TE .
Juuso Salmi ( born July 15 , 1991 ) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the HIFK Helsinki of the SM - liiga .
Detinho joined South China AA in 2006 from Imortal DC , after the team gave up its `` all - Chinese '' policy .
Kohei Nakashima ( 中島 康平 , born December 7 , 1989 ) is a Japanese football player who plays as a forward for J3 League side F.C. Machida Zelvia .
Rashad Jamal Salem ( born January 18 , 1979 ) is a Bahraini footballer currently playing for Al - Najma of Bahrain and the Bahrain national football team .
Paul Easterling ( September 28 , 1905 -- March 15 , 1993 ) was a major league outfielder for the Detroit Tigers ( 1928 , 1930 ) and the Philadelphia Athletics ( 1938 ) .
Alexandre Dimitri Song Billong ( born 9 September 1987 ) , better known as Alex Song , is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for English club West Ham United on loan from FC Barcelona .
Ahmad Black ( born December 12 , 1989 ) is an American football safety who last played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
During his football career , Granville Liggins played for the Calgary Stampeders ( 1968 - -1972 ) and the Toronto Argonauts ( 1973 - -1978 ) in the Canadian Football League .
Philipp Heerwagen ( born 13 April 1983 , in Kelheim , Lower Bavaria ) is a German football goalkeeper currently playing for FC St. Pauli in the 2 .
Kosta Bjedov ( born 10 May 1986 ) is a Serbian - Croatian footballer who currently plays for FK Čukarički Stankom .
Christoph Budde ( 11 February 1963 -- 1 December 2009 ) was a German professional footballer who made 42 appearances in the Bundesliga for Borussia Mönchengladbach as a striker between 1985 and 1990 .
Julian White MBE ( born 14 May 1973 ) is an English rugby union footballer who played prop for Leicester Tigers and England .
Luca Leggiero ( born 11 November 1984 ) , is an Italian futsal player who plays for Pescara Calcio a 5 and the Italian national futsal team .
Frank Seno ( February 15 , 1921 -- March 31 , 1974 ) was an American football running back and defensive back in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins , the Chicago Cardinals , and the Boston Yanks .
Om Chol - song ( born 12 November 1992 ) is a North Korean international football player who plays for April 25 Sports Club and North Korea national football team .
Haitham Kadhim Tahir ( Arabic : هيثم كاظم طاهر‎ ) ( born November 20 , 1977 in Iraq ) is an Iraqi football ( soccer ) midfielder playing for the Al - Quwa Al - Jawiya football club in Iraq .
Jędrzej Maćkowiak ( born October 17 , 1992 in Bełchatów , Poland ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish club Effector Kielce , Polish Champion .
Higinio Ortúzar Santamaria ( January 10 , 1915 - November 8 , 1982 ) is a retired Chilean footballer who played in Spain for Barakaldo CF , Athletic Bilbao , Valencia CF and Real Valladolid .
Andrea Stinson ( born November 25 , 1967 ) is a retired professional basketball player from the United States , playing from 1998 - -2005 for the Charlotte Sting and the Detroit Shock .
Roberto Carlos Cortés Restrepo ( born June 20 , 1977 in Medellín ) is a Colombian footballer who plays defender who currently plays for Independiente Medellín .
Mariusz Mowlik ( born May 19 , 1981 in Poznań ) is a Polish ex - footballer who currently is the Sports Director at Miedź Legnica .
Steve Warren , ( born January 22 , 1978 ) is a former defensive tackle who played for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( 2000 - -02 ) .
Mohamed Sifan ( born 8 March 1983 ) is a Maldivian footballer , nicknamed `` Kudattey '' , who currently plays for New Radiant SC .
Amar Rahmanović ( born 13 May 1994 ) is a Bosnian footballer playing for NK Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Lucas Borges ( born 17 February 1980 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine rugby union player who played for Benetton Rugby in the Italian Super 10 ( now National Championship of Excellence ) and the Argentina national rugby union team .
Taulant Kadrija ( born 18 May 1993 ) is a Slovenian footballer playing with FK Radnik Bijeljina in the Bosnian Premier League .
Barry John Cullen ( born August 2 , 1964 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Pittsburgh Penguins , Hartford Whalers , Toronto Maple Leafs and Tampa Bay Lightning .
Fernando Recio Comí ( Chinese : 列斯奧 ; born 17 December 1982 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Hong Kong club Kitchee SC as a central defender or defensive midfielder .
Joaquín Tuculet ( born 8 August 1989 in La Plata , Argentina ) is an Argentine rugby union player who plays for the national Argentina team The Pumas and is under contract with the Jaguares , the country 's Super Rugby team that is set to begin play in the 2016 season .
Sai Kanakubo ( 金久保 彩 , born January 11 , 1989 ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for V - Varen Nagasaki in the J. League Division 2 .
Andreas Valdix ( born December 6 , 1984 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre who currently plays HC TWK Innsbruck of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Daniel Halfar ( born 7 January 1988 in Mannheim ) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1 . FC Kaiserslautern in the German 2 .
Brian Chrøis ( born November 12 , 1959 ) is a Danish former footballer , who scored 68 goals in 239 games as a defensive midfielder for Danish club Brøndby IF .
Wojciech Łobodziński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈvɔjtɕɛx wɔbɔˈdʑiɲski ) ; born 20 October 1982 in Bydgoszcz ) , is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Miedź Legnica .
Predrag Stamenković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Пpeдpaг Cтaмeнкoвић ; born 7 July 1977 in Niš ) is a Serbian football defender currently playing for FK Radnički Niš in the Serbian First League .
Bojan Živanović ( Born 27 June 1989 in Smederevo ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Smederevo in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Petr Šíma ( born 25 February 1983 in Domažlice ) is a Czech football defender currently playing for FK Baník Sokolov , on loan from SK Dynamo České Budějovice .
Pierre Rabadan ( born 3 July 1980 , in Aix - en - Provence , Bouches - du - Rhone ) , is French international rugby union player , who plays his club rugby for Stade Français .
Marius Mitu ( born 10 September 1976 ) is a retired Romanian midfielder who last played for plays for CSM Râmnicu Vâlcea .
Luke McGuane ( born 12 February 1987 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club and Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ahn Il - joo ( born 2 May 1988 ) is a Korean professional footballer who plays for Bucheon FC 1995 in K League Challenge as a defender .
Ilya Mikhalyov ( Ukrainian : Ілля Русланович Міхальов ; born 31 July 1990 in Makiyivka , Donetsk Oblast ) is a Ukrainian football ( soccer ) forward who plays for FC Tosno on loan from FC Karpaty Lviv .
Fabrice Kelban ( born 9 October 1978 in Villeneuve - Saint - Georges , France ) is a French footballer who played 2 matches for Paris Saint - Germain F.C. in Ligue 1 in the 1997 - 1998 season and 18 matches for US Créteil - Lusitanos in Ligue 2 in the 1999 - 2000 season .
Jeff Schultz ( born February 25 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Ontario Reign in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) while under contract to the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Sergio Mendigutxia Iglesias , simply known as Mendi ( born 12 June 1993 ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón B as a forward .
Olivier Davidas ( born November 8 , 1981 in Le Havre ) is a French defender who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Gazélec Ajaccio .
Ida Maria Aronsson ( born 23 December 1983 ) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward for Damallsvenskan clubs Linköpings FC and LdB FC Malmö .
Danny Wynn ( born September 25 , 1983 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American soccer defender who spent one season with the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer .
Alex Elliott ( born April 24 , 1987 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian soccer player who most recently played for the German Club Sportfreunde Siegen .
Helmut Faeder ( 3 July 1935 - 3 August 2014 ) was a former German international footballer who played as a midfielder for Hertha BSC and Hertha Zehlendorf .
Tyronne Ebuehi ( born 16 December 1995 in Haarlem ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back for Dutch Eredivisie club ADO Den Haag .
Lynn Scott ( born June 23 , 1977 ) is a former American football safety for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League .
Sebastian Kerk ( born 17 April 1994 ) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1 . FC Nürnberg in the 2 .
Max Friberg ( born November 20 , 1992 ) is a Swedish ice hockey winger who is currently playing with the St. John 's IceCaps in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) as a prospect within the Montreal Canadiens organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Issife Soumahoro ( born October 31 , 1988 in Paris ) is a French - born Ivorian basketball player currently playing for JSA Bordeaux Basket .
Joni Aho ( born 12 April 1986 in Kaarina ) is a Finnish footballer , who represents FC Lahti of Veikkausliiga .
John Howard `` Howie Carter ( October 13 , 1904 -- July 24 , 1991 ) was a Major League Baseball second baseman and third baseman who played with the Cincinnati Reds in 1926 .
Alex Montgomery served from October 2012 to April 2013 by the Sport Club do Recife , the biggest club in the Northeast of Brazil .
Uffe Pedersen ( born 21 March 1954 ) is a former Danish football player , and is currently working as talent chef for Odense Boldklub .
Stanley Brard ( born 24 October 1958 in The Hague ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a left back and who is currently head scout at Feyenoord Rotterdam .
Niko Hovinen 's SM - liiga career started during the 2005 - 06 season when Hovinen dressed for a single regular - season Jokerit game as backup to Joonas Hallikainen , after Tim Thomas abruptly left the team only a day before the start of the 2005 - -06 regular season .
Cain Southernwood signed for Bradford Bulls mid-2010 from Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a 3-year deal .
Ron Dugans ( born April 27 , 1977 ) is a former wide receiver who played his 4-year NFL career with the Cincinnati Bengals .
Janny Rivera ( born 16 August 1988 ) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Atlanta Silverbacks as a Midfielder .
Alexy Bosetti ( born April 23 , 1993 in Nice ) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for Tours FC on loan from OGC Nice .
Austin Steed , Jr. is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Bærum Basket of the BLNO , Norway 's premier basketball league .
Manaye Fantu is an Ethiopian professional footballer , who plays as a Forward for Defence F.C ..
Theo van Duivenbode ( born 1 November 1943 ) is a former Dutch footballer who played for AFC Ajax and Feyenoord and was part of their European and Intercontinental Cup victory in 1970 .
Michalis Karas ( Greek : Μιχάλης Καράς ; born January 20 , 1993 in Paralimni ) is a Cypriot football defender who plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC .
Sergio Marclay ( born January 29 , 1982 in Quilmes , Argentina ) is an Argentine Association Football Forward currently playing for Argentino de Quilmes of the Primera C in Argentina .
Christophe Beghin ( born 2 January 1980 ) is a professional Belgian basketball player , currently playing for Spirou Charleroi .
Gergő Iváncsik ( born 30 November 1981 ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for MKB Veszprém KC and the Hungarian national team .
Park Sang - jin ( Hangul : 박상진 ; hanja : 朴相珍 , born 3 March 1987 ) is a South Korean football player who plays as a fullback for South Korean club that K - League side Gangwon FC .
Junior Pericles Pinto Catarina ( born 4 November 1989 in Rio de Janeiro ) , commonly known as Pericles , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Adriatiku Mamurrasi , on loan from FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Nick Nurse ( born July 24 , 1967 ) is an American basketball coach who is an assistant coach for the Toronto Raptors .
Brett Festerling ( born March 3 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the DEL .
Garrett Raboin is a retired American professional ice hockey player who most recently played in the Norwegian GET - ligaen for Lørenskog IK in Lørenskog , a eastern suburb of Oslo .
İbrahim Üzülmez ( born 10 March 1974 in Kocaeli , Turkey ) , known by his nickname Deli İbrahim or Deli İbo --literally means İbrahim the mad , is a former Turkish footballer who retired after being sacked from his last club , Beşiktaş J.K. , for which he used to be captain , after a disciplinary breach .
Andy Perry ( born 28 December 1974 in Portsmouth , Hampshire , England ) is a rugby union player for Newcastle Falcons in the Guinness Premiership , playing primarily as a lock .
Botomotoito Skito Litimba ( born 7 July 1977 ) is a retired professional footballer from the DR Congo who played in DR Congo for AS Vita Club , winning the Linafoot championship in 1997 .
Iheanyi Uwaezuoke ( pronounced ee - HAH - nyee oo - WAY - zoh - kay ) ( born July 24 , 1973 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a former American football wide receiver and punt returner for the San Francisco 49ers , Miami Dolphins , Detroit Lions , and Carolina Panthers of the National Football League .
Errol Refos ( born March 19 , 1970 in Paramaribo , Suriname ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eredivisie club Feyenoord during the 1992 - 1995 football seasons .
Oliver Wilkes , ( born 2 May 1980 in Ulverston , Cumbria ) is an English born Scottish professional rugby league footballer for the Leigh Centurions club of the Championship .
Kristian Tuohilampi ( born November 8 , 1989 ) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the HIFK Helsinki of the SM - liiga .
Mahamane Cissé ( born December 27 , 1993 in Ansongo , Mali ) is a Nigerien football player who plays for Congo Premier League side AC Léopards and the Niger national football team .
Federico Bravo ( Jesús María , 5 October 1993 ) is an Argentinian professional football player who currently plays for New York City FC on loan from Boca Juniors .
Gus Gerard ( born July 27 , 1953 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who played for the Carolina Cougars and Spirits of St. Louis of the American Basketball Association and the Denver Nuggets , Buffalo Braves , Detroit Pistons , Kansas City Kings and San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association .
Marcus Winn was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League in 2007 .
Pierre - Luc Labbé ( born May 14 , 1984 ) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Silvan Inia ( born January 24 , 1969 in Hoorn , North Holland ) is a retired football midfielder from the Netherlands , who made his professional debut in the 1991 - 1992 season for AZ Alkmaar .
Paulinho Kobayashi began his career with Associação Desportiva São Caetano .
Tarif Ahmed ( born 8 February 1985 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a striker for ONGC F.C. in the I - League .
Eric Ofori Antwi signed for professional football club Amidaus Professionals on 1 January 2012 .
Johnny da Silva Araújo or simply Johnny ( born February 19 , 1987 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian footballer , who currently plays for Atlético Monte Azul .
Bob McDermid was a professional footballer who played for Rangers , Dumbarton , Queen of the South and Aberdeen .
Raul Tyson Isac Dias Monteiro or Raul Isac ( born 2 February 1988 ) is an East Timorese international footballer who currently plays as a defender for North Sunshine Eagles FC and the Timor - Leste national team .
Kazimierz Kmiecik ( born 19 September 1951 in Węgrzce Wielkie ) is a retired Polish footballer who played almost all his career for Wisła Kraków , where he played 304 league matches and scored 153 goals .
Riley Gunnels ( born August 24 , 1937 ) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for seven seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers .
Nélson Alexandre Farpelha Estrela ( born 29 April 1988 in Ponta Delgada , Azores ) , known as Minhoca , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Paços de Ferreira as an attacking midfielder .
Espen Hægeland ( born 27 September 1981 ) is a Norwegian footballer who played as a winger for Bryne , Mandalskameratene and Sandnes Ulf in the Norwegian First Division .
Hadj Sadok Bouziane ( also known as El Hadj Seddouk Bouziane ) ( born October 4 , 1987 in Sidi Lakhdar , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for ASO Chlef in the Algerian league .
Ivan Droppa ( born February 1 , 1972 in Liptovský Mikuláš , Czechoslovakia ) is a retired Slovakian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 19 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Antonio de la Torre Villalpando ( born 21 September 1951 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican first division player , who played most of his career with Club América where he helped the club win the 1975 - 76 Primera División de México Cup along with 1978 CONCACAF Champions ' Cup and the Copa Interamericana that same year .
Roger Hagberg was a professional gridiron football player , who played running back for five seasons for the Oakland Raiders , and four seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Metta World Peace ( born Ronald William Artest , Jr. on November 13 , 1979 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Nicholay Finlayson ( born 19 December 1985 ) , also spelled as Nicholy Fin(d)layson ; is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays for Waterhouse F.C. as a defender .
Ko Kwang - min ( Hangul : 고광민 ; born 21 September 1988 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FC Seoul in the K League .
David França Oliveira e Silva or simply David ( born May 29 , 1982 in Araxá ) , is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays for Goiás Esporte Clube .
Drafted in 1961 by the American Football League 's Buffalo Bills , Billy Shaw of Georgia Tech was the prototypical `` pulling guard '' who despite his size held his own against much bigger defensive linemen like Ernie Ladd , Earl Faison and Buck Buchanan .
Malela Mutuale ( born June 18 , 1991 in Decines - Charpieu , France ) is a French basketball player who plays for French Pro A League club STB Le Havre .
Joe Jakub ( born on 7 December 1956 , in Falkirk , Scotland ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder for Burnley , Bury , AZ Alkmaar , Chester City and Wigan Athletic .
Milan Heča ( born 21 March 1991 ) is a Czech football player , who currently plays for 1 . FC Slovácko as a goalkeeper .
Emanuel Svensson ( born 20 February 1989 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Kristianstads FF on loan from Mjällby AIF as a midfielder .
Troy Brohawn ( born January 14 , 1973 ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks , San Francisco Giants , and Los Angeles Dodgers between 2001 and 2003 .
Christian Grindheim ( born 17 July 1983 ) is a football midfielder who currently plays for the Tippeligaen club Vålerenga Fotball .
Boubacar Fofana ( born 6 November 1989 in Conakry ) is a Guinean professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.D. Nacional as a defensive midfielder .
Paweł Poljański ( born 6 May 1990 ) is a Polish racing cyclist , who currently rides for Tinkoff - Saxo .
Ben Kavanagh ( born 4 March 1988 ) is a rugby league footballer who plays as a prop for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on loan from Widnes Vikings in the European Super League .
Josef Marx ( 20 November 1934 -- 24 August 2008 ) was a German international footballer who played as a midfielder for SV Sodingen and Karlsruher SC .
Alex Cabagnot ( born December 8 , 1982 ) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the San Miguel Beermen .
Lukáš Čmelík ( born 13 April 1996 ) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Swiss Super League club FC Sion , on loan from MŠK Žilina .
Sergejs Boldaveško ( born October 9 , 1970 in Rīga , Latvian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a retired Latvian ice hockey forward , who played for Dinamo Riga later HK Pārdaugava Rīga of the Soviet Hockey League , Liepājas Metalurgs and various German regional teams .
Antônio Benedito da Silva , nicknamed Toninho ( born March 23 , 1965 ) is a former Brazilian football player who played for Portuguesa ( Brazil ) , Guarani ( Brazil ) , Yomiuri ( Japan ) , Shimizu S - Pulse ( Japan ) , Urawa Red Diamonds ( Japan ) and Vasco da Gama ( Brazil ) .
Shuremy Felomina ( born 4 March 1995 ) is an Curaçaoan professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for FC Den Bosch .
César Marcelo Meli ( born 20 June 1992 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Boca Juniors .
Robert Bartolomeu ( born 3 December 1993 ) is a professional Czech football midfielder currently playing for FC Fastav Zlín .
Corbin Lacina ( born November 2 , 1970 ) is a former American football offensive lineman who played eleven seasons in the National Football League , mainly for the Buffalo Bills and Minnesota Vikings .
Luis Carlos Martín Asensio ( born 16 December 1990 ) , known as Luis Carlos or Luisito , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Novelda CF as a left winger .
Yannic Seidenberg ( born January 11 , 1984 ) is a German professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for EHC München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Waldemar Nowicki has played a great deal of his career with B71 Sandoy , but has also played football for several Polish teams .
Khaled Al Zakiba is Qatari footballer who is a defender for Qatar SC .
Jean - Christophe Lourde ( born March 8 , 1988 in Paris , France ) is a French footballer of Mauritian descent who currently plays for French CFA side AFC Compiègne .
Alexandros Karachalios ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Καραχάλιος ; born 20 October 1985 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Kalamata F.C. in the Football League 2 ( Greece ) as a right Winger .
Din Sula ( born 2 March 1998 in Brussels ) is a Belgian football forward of Albanian origin who is currently playing for Oud - Heverlee Leuven in the Belgian Pro League .
Cyril Dreyer ( born 19 March 1994 ) is a French footballer who plays for Spanish club Sporting de Gijón B as a central midfielder .
Lane Caffaro ( born March 5 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Hannover Indians in the German 2nd Bundesliga .
Until his retirement in 1957 , at the age of 34 , Pahiño represented Deportivo de La Coruña ( top division , three seasons ) and Granada CF ( Segunda División ) .
Mike Hoeffel ( born April 9 , 1989 ) is an American ice hockey Winger who currently plays for the Stavanger Oilers of the GET - ligaen ( GET ) .
Nenad Stamenković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Cтaмeнкoвић ; born 7 July 1977 in Niš ) is a Serbian football defender He was playing for FK Radnički Niš in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Kyaw Ko Ko ( Burmese : ကျော်ကိုကို ; born 20 December 1992 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a striker for the Myanmar national football team and Yangon United F.C. He scored five goals in the 2011 Southeast Asian Games and helped the Myanmar U23 team to secure a third - place finish and a bronze medal .
Miroslav Grumić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mиpocлaв Гpумић ; born 29 June 1984 in Apatin ) is a professional Serbian football striker who currently plays in the Hungarian First League club Diósgyőri VTK .
Héctor Vilches ( 14 February 1926 -- 23 September 1998 ) was a Uruguayan footballer , born in Montevideo , who played for C.A. Cerro .
George Buehler played for the Oakland Raiders from 1969 to 1978 .
Arnold Bouka Moutou ( born 28 November 1988 ) is a French - born Congolese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Angers SCO in Ligue 1 .
Dean Biasucci ( born July 25 , 1962 in Niagara Falls , New York ) is a former placekicker in the National Football League ( NFL ) who played for the Indianapolis Colts and the St. Louis Rams .
Rade Karanfilovski ( Macedonian : Раде Каранфиловски ; born 3 July 1968 ) is a retired Macedonian football midfielder , who last played for FK Madžari Solidarnost , which was recently managed .
John Golden Richards ( born December 31 , 1950 in Salt Lake City , Utah ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver in the National Football League for eight seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and the Chicago Bears .
Čedo Maras , born in Sinj ( SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) made his debut in the Yugoslav First League with NK Osijek in the 1978 - -79 season .
Jadson de Brito Lima plays for Barretos Esporte Clube .
Bartosz Papka ( born 12 September 1993 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Stomil Olsztyn on loan from Korona Kielce in the Ekstraklasa .
Noëlle Maritz ( born 23 December 1995 ) is a Swiss football defender , playing for VfL Wolfsburg of the German Bundesliga .
Diego Barrera ( born March 25 , 1987 in Bogota ) is a Colombian - born American soccer player currently playing for Kaya F.C. in the United Football League in the Philippines .
Romeo Bandison ( born February 12 , 1971 in The Hague , Netherlands ) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins .
Christian Pyagbara ( born 24 December 1996 ) is a Nigerian professional footballer , who plays as a Forward for Sharks F.C ..
Florian Zellhofer ( born 17 August 1988 in Scheibbs ) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a striker for First Vienna FC .
Harry Shuman ( March 5 , 1915 -- October 25 , 1996 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates ( 1942 - -43 ) and the Philadelphia Phillies ( 1944 ) .
Takudzwa Ngwenya ( born 22 July 1985 in Harare , Zimbabwe ) is a rugby union player who plays on the wing for the United States national rugby union team and French team Biarritz .
Dan Rogas is a former professional American football player who played offensive lineman for three seasons for the Detroit Lions and Philadelphia Eagles .
Brodie Holland ( born 3 January 1980 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer and model best known for his playing days at the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Brendan Venter ( born 29 December 1969 , in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a former rugby union player who played at centre and also coached for London Irish .
Armanizam Dolah is a Singaporean footballer who is unknown around the world thatplays for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S.League .
Martin Sonnenberg ( born January 23 , 1978 in Wetaskiwin , Alberta ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played three seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Calgary Flames .
Didier Tayou ( born 31 December 1988 ) is a Cameroonian football striker who plays for Victoria Hotspurs F.C. in the Maltese Gozo League First Division .
Giakumis Kodogiannis ( born April 13 , 1992 in Valparaíso , Chile ) is a Chilean footballer currently playing for San Luis de Quillota
Rashid Sumaila ( Arabic : راشد السوميلا‎ ; born 18 December 1992 in Cape Coast ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Asante Kotoko SC on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. as a centre - back and he is also a member of the Ghanaian national team .
Gabriel Boschilia ( born 5 March 1996 ) , known as Boschilia , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Belgian club Standard Liège as an attacking midfielder on loan from AS Monaco FC .
Stuart Rindy was a player in the National Football League for the Chicago Bears in 1987 as a tackle .
Aleksandr Vyacheslavovich Zhirov ( Russian : Александр Вячеславович Жиров ; born 24 January 1991 ) is a Russian professional football player currently playing for FC Anzhi Makhachkala in the Russian Premier League .
Pascal Trépanier ( born April 9 , 1973 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League with the Colorado Avalanche , Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and the Nashville Predators .
Péter Simek ( born 30 January 1980 in Mór , Hungary ) is a Hungarian football player , currently playing in Vasas SC .
Christopher Poulsen ( born September 11 , 1981 ) is a Danish professional football player , who currently plays as left back for Danish Superliga club Viborg FF . He previously played for Superliga clubs Silkeborg IF and FC Midtjylland .
Terence Kongolo ( born 14 February 1994 ) is a Dutch footballer of Congolese descent who made his Eredivisie league debut for club Feyenoord during the 2011 - 12 season .
Marco Iván Pérez Riego ( born 9 December 1987 ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays as defender for C.F. Pachuca in Liga MX .
Andrés Felipe Acosta ( born January 19 , 1989 ) is a Colombian football goalkeeper , who currently plays for Llaneros F.C. in the Categoría Primera B.
Amadou Diawara ( born 17 July 1997 ) is a Guinean professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bologna F.C. 1909 .
Patrice Lefebvre ( born June 28 , 1967 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian - born Italian former ice hockey forward who played three games in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals during the 1998 - -99 NHL season .
Marie Ferdinand - Harris ( born October 13 , 1978 ) was an American professional basketball player of Haitian descent , most recently for the Phoenix Mercury in the Women 's National Basketball Association .
Percy Adamson was an early twentieth - century American soccer player who was captain of the Brooklyn Field Club when it won the 1914 National Challenge Cup .
David Diehl ( /ˈdiːl/ ; born September 15 , 1980 ) is a former American football offensive lineman who played his entire career with the New York Giants of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Reid Bailey ( born May 28 , 1956 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defencemen who played three seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Philadelphia Flyers , Toronto Maple Leafs and Hartford Whalers .
Trevor Hartley was born on 16 March 1947 in Doncaster , South Yorkshire and is a former English footballer with West Ham United and A.F.C. Bournemouth and football manager with A.F.C. Bournemouth and Tottenham Hotspur .
Jaroslav Zelený ( born 20 August 1992 ) is a Czech football player who currently plays for FC Hradec Králové .
David Scullion ( born 27 April 1984 in Lurgan ) is a Northern Irish footballer currently playing for Glentoran F.C. A midfielder who began his career at Portadown .
Dries Mertens ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdris ˈmɛrtə(n)s ) , born 6 May 1987 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Napoli and the Belgium national team .
Ryan Tucker ( born June 12 , 1975 ) is a retired offensive tackle who played for the St. Louis Rams and Cleveland Browns in the National Football League .
Godfred Saka ( born 2 November 1988 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a right - back for Aduana Stars and the Ghana national football team .
John Henry Mills ( born October 31 , 1969 in Jacksonville , Florida ) was an American football running back , linebacker and tight end in the NFL for the Houston Oilers , Oakland Raiders and the Minnesota Vikings .
Asier Goiria Etxebarria ( born 19 September 1980 in Amorebieta - Etxano , Basque Country ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Amorebieta as a striker .
Marc Mboua ( born 26 February 1987 in Yaoundé ) is a Cameroonian football player who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Telephonat Bani Sweif .
Andrew Wooten ( born September 30 , 1989 ) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for SV Sandhausen in the German 2 .
Arttu Luttinen ( born September 3 , 1983 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HIFK of the Liiga .
Thornton Chandler is a former professional American football tight end who played five seasons for the Dallas Cowboys in the National Football League .
Bence Horváth ( born 12 June 1986 in Miskolc ) is a Hungarian football ( forward ) player who currently plays for BFC Siófok .
Luka Rotković ( Cyrillic : Лука Ротковић ; born 5 July 1988 in Podgorica , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin footballer who is currently playing for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Okzhetpes .
Alan Aciar ( born 12 February 1988 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Persija Jakarta as a defender .
Thierry Collet is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for Pointe - aux - Sables Mates in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a midfielder .
Again a starter throughout most of the 2004 - -05 campaign , Costinha was sold to FC Dynamo Moscow in May 2005 for € 4 million , alongside teammates Maniche and Giourkas Seitaridis , following Derlei ( left in January ) .
Pinoke McIntyre ( born September 27 , 1934 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Trail Smoke Eaters .
Raphael Cox ( born July 7 , 1986 in Tacoma , Washington ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Charlotte Independence in the USL .
Marcin Łukaszewski ( born March 15 , 1978 in Bydgoszcz ) is a Polish professional footballer who last played for Zawisza Bydgoszcz .
Denis Cyr ( born February 4 , 1961 in Verdun , Quebec ) is a former professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames , Chicago Black Hawks , and St. Louis Blues .
Temur Partsvania ( Georgian : თემურ ფარცვანია,Ukrainian : Темур Рафієлович Парцванія , born 6 July 1991 in Tbilisi , Georgia ) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Olimpik Donetsk .
Raymond Ferguson ( born 16 February 1941 ) is a Northern Irish former rugby union player with Ulster Rugby and a politician with the Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) .
Milan Mitrović began his professional career with FK Zemun before playing two years in the Serbian top flight with SuperLiga contender FK Rad .
Abdelkader Oueslati Kaabi ( Arabic : عبد القادر الوسلاتي‎ ; born 7 October 1991 ) , commonly known as Kader , is a Tunisian footballer who plays for Club Africain as a right back or winger .
Yevhen Makarenko ( Ukrainian : Євген Олександрович Макаренко , born 21 May 1991 in Kyiv , Ukrainian SSR ) , is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Nuno Miguel Monteiro Rocha ( born 25 March 1992 in Praia ) is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Romanian club CS Universitatea Craiova as a midfielder .
Kendale Liburd ( born 9 July 1991 in Saint Kitts ) is a Kittitian international footballer playing as a defender for St Thomas Strikers FC .
Goran Bezina ( born March 21 , 1980 in Split , SR Croatia , Yugoslavia ) is a Swiss - Croatian ice hockey player who played three games in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes during the 2003 - -04 NHL season and currently playing for Genève - Servette HC in the National League A in Switzerland .
Elmin Marukić born in Novi Pazar , began his career in his native Serbia playing for the youth team of FK Novi Pazar .
Guntars Silagailis ( born 31 August 1984 in Rēzekne , Latvia ) is a Latvian professional footballer , currently playing for Rēzeknes BJSS in the Latvian First League .
Marta Torrejón Moya ( born 27 February 1990 ) is a Spanish football player who plays as a defender for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team .
Tan Sio Beng is an ex - Singapore international footballer who plays as a defender for NFL Division 2 side Admiralty FC .
Thomas Chad Beasley ( born November 13 , 1978 in Upper St. Clair , Pennsylvania ) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns .
Egil á Bø ( born 2 April 1974 , né Egil Zachariasen ) is a Faroese football defender who plays for EB / Streymur and the Faroe Islands national football team .
Teemu Elomo ( born January 13 , 1979 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for Dragons de Rouen in the Frence Ligue Magnus .
Lee Sang - hyeob ( Hangul : 이상협 ; born 1 January 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FC Seoul in the K League Classic .
Avtandil Ebralidze ( born 3 October 1991 in Tbilisi ) commonly known as Avto , is a Georgian footballer who plays for Gil Vicente F.C. as a winger .
Joseph Blandisi ( born July 18 , 1994 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey Forward currently playing for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Chris Stanley ( born June 18 , 1979 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Fischtown Pinguins in the German 2nd Bundesliga .
Goran Siljanovski ( Macedonian : Горан Силјановски ; born 1 July 1990 in Tetovo ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for FK Rabotnički as a defender .
Commodore Dudley Wright Knox ( 21 June 1877 -- 11 June 1960 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
F ( Sphinx ) Parachute Battery Royal Horse Artillery is a close support battery of 7th Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery , part of the Royal Horse Artillery of the British Army , currently based in Merville Barracks in Colchester .
John Huske ( 1692 ? -- 18 January 1761 ) was a British Army general known for his leadership at the Battle of Falkirk and the Battle of Culloden during the Jacobite Rebellion of 1745 .
Bennett Southwell GC ( 21 March 1913 -- 17 October 1940 ) was a member of a Royal Navy team carrying out bomb disposal when he was killed during the London blitz .
Steven L. Kwast is a Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force .
Hans - Joachim Jabs ( 14 November 1917 -- 26 October 2003 ) was both a day and night fighter ace in the German Luftwaffe during World War II . 50 victories were scored .
Kazimierz Porębski ( November 15 , 1872 - January 21 , 1933 ) was a Polish career naval officer who rose to the position of admiral within the Imperial Russian Navy , and was subsequently the first commander - in - chief of the inter - war Polish Navy .
Jay R. Vargas ( born July 29 , 1938 ) , is an American and a retired United States Marine Corps colonel who served in the Vietnam War .
Commodore James Graham Goodenough CB CMG ( 3 December 1830 -- 20 August 1875 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy who went to become Commander - in - Chief , Australia Station .
Hannah Witneg was an Irish woman who served in the Royal Marines for six years in the 1760s .
Benjamin Dutton , Jr. , ( April 3 , 1883 - November 30 , 1937 ) was a United States Navy Captain , expert navigator and author .
Lt Colonel Cyril Bencraft Joly MC ( 9 September 1918 -- 2000 ) was a British Army officer , author and inventor .
Field Marshal Frederick Rudolph Lambart , 10th Earl of Cavan KP , GCB , GCMG , GCVO , GBE , DL ( 16 October 1865 -- 28 August 1946 ) was a British Army officer and Chief of the Imperial General Staff .
James J. Carey ( 9 April 1939 - ) is a retired American Rear Admiral , United States Navy , born and raised in Berlin , Green Lake County , Wisconsin ) ) .
Henry Augustus Wise ( May 24 , 1819 -- April 3 , 1869 ) author and United States Navy officer born in Brooklyn , New York , to George Stewart Wise and Catherine Standsberry .
The 159th ( Cheshire ) Brigade was an infantry brigade formation of the British Army that saw service during the Great War .
Thomas Church Haskill Smith , or Thomas C. H. Smith , ( 1819 - 1897 ) was a lawyer and businessman , who served as a Brigadier General in the Union Army during the American Civil War and later as a Major and paymaster in the U. S. Army .
Rear Admiral Maxine Conder was Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps from 1975 to 1979 .
The `` Finger - four '' formation ( also known as the `` four finger formation '' ) , is a flight formation used by fighter aircraft .
Wing Commander Mark Henry Brown DFC * ( 9 October 1911 -- 12 November 1941 ) , nicknamed Hilly , was the first Canadian pilot to become a fighter ace during World War II whilst with the Royal Air Force during the Battle of France .
The King 's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry ( KOYLI ) was a light infantry regiment of the British Army .
John Walter Ehle ( May 11 , 1873 -- July 25 , 1927 ) was a Fireman First Class serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
Air Chief Marshal Sir James Donald Innes Hardman , GBE , KCB , DFC ( 21 December 1899 -- 2 March 1982 ) , known as Donald Hardman , was a senior Royal Air Force commander .
Jonathan Baker Moore was a politician and Union Army officer during the American Civil War .
The 205th Independent Infantry Brigade ( Home ) was a short - lived Home Defence infantry brigade formation of the British Army during the Second World War .
Major Edward Nevil Macready ( 29 May 1798 -- 4 November 1848 ) was a British Army officer who served in India and during the Waterloo Campaign .
Air Commodore Anthony Norman Davis DSO DFC ( 14 August 1918 -- 1988 ) was a British Royal Air Force officer who served as a pilot during the Second World War .
Major - General Henry Richard Abadie CB ( 25 March 1841 -- 9 May 1915 ) was a British Army officer .
Strike Fighter Squadron 102 ( VFA-102 ) is a United States Navy Strike Fighter squadron based at Naval Air Facility Atsugi .
Colonel Lionel Beaumont - Thomas MC ( 1 August 1893 -- 7 December 1942 ) was a Welsh businessman , British Army officer and politician , who served as Conservative Member of Parliament for Birmingham King 's Norton , from 1929 to 1935 .
The King 's Regiment ( Liverpool ) was one of the oldest line infantry regiments of the British Army , having been formed in 1685 and numbered as the 8th ( The King 's ) Regiment of Foot in 1751 .
General Sir Kevin O'Donoghue , KCB , CBE ( born 9 December 1947 ) is a retired British Army officer and former Chief of Defence Materiel .
Anthony Gale was the fourth Commandant of the United States Marine Corps and the only one ever fired .
John Adams Webster ( 1789 - -1877 ) was a captain in the United States Navy , who , as a young third lieutenant , heard the sound of the British oars as its small flotilla approach Fort McHenry in Baltimore , September 13 , 1814 .
Vice Admiral Sir Benjamin Charles Stanley Martin KBE DSO ( 18 July 1891 - -3 June 1957 ) was a Royal Navy officer who was the first boy from the Royal Naval Hospital School , Greenwich , to reach flag rank in the Royal Navy .
Walter Griffith ( died 1779 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy during the American War of Independence .
Nathan J. Lindsay ( born 1936 ) is a retired Major General in the United States Air Force and a former astronaut .
Vice Admiral Sir Michael Culme - Seymour , 4th Baronet KCB , MVO ( 29 August 1867 -- 2 April 1925 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy .
269 ( West Riding ) Battery Royal Artillery is part of 101st ( Northumbrian ) Regiment Royal Artillery , an artillery regiment of the British Army .
The VP-26 `` Tridents '' are a United States Navy aircraft squadron based at Naval Air Station Jacksonville in Jacksonville , Florida , United States .
Admiral Sir Manley Dixon , KCB ( 1760 ? -- 8 February 1837 ) was a prominent Royal Navy officer during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .
Martin R. Steele is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general .
Air Commodore Eric Burchmore , CBE , ( 18 June 1920 -- 11 October 1994 ) was a Royal Air Force officer with a long and distinguished career .
Luke McNamee ( April 4 , 1871 - -December 30 , 1952 ) was a United States Navy Admiral , businessman , and the 10th and 12th Naval Governor of Guam .
Roland R. Wright ( 30 March 1919 -- 19 October 2015 ) was a Brigadier General of the United States Air Force who was a pilot during World War II , the Korean War , and the Vietnam War .
Erich Handke ( 2 November 1920 -- 11 November 1987 ) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
John P. Jumper ( born February 4 , 1945 ) is a retired United States Air Force general , who served as 17th Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force from September 6 , 2001 to September 2 , 2005 .
Captain Harry Godfrey Massy - Miles MC ( 1886 -- 26 April 1918 ) was a British Army medical officer who was awarded the Military Cross for valour in the First World War .
The Grenadiers are an infantry regiment of the Indian Army , formerly part of the Bombay Army and later the pre - independence Indian Army , when the regiment was known as the 4th Bombay Grenadiers .
Captain Sir Houston French CVO ( 27 March 1853 -- 11 June 1932 ) was a British Army officer and an officer of the Yeomen of the Guard .
Ernest Russell Lyon ( 19 December 1922 -- 27 July 1944 ) was a Flying Officer in 234 Squadron of the Royal Air Force during part of World War 2 .
William D. Catto is a United States Marine Corps major general who is the Chief of Staff of the United States European Command .
Major - General Sir John Noble Kennedy GCMG , KCVO , KBE , CB , MC ( 1893 - -1970 ) was a British Army officer who served as Assistant Chief of the Imperial General Staff during World War II .
Air Force Space Command ( AFSPC ) is a major command of the United States Air Force , with its headquarters at Peterson Air Force Base , Colorado .
Helmut Kapp ( born as Konstanty Kapuścik ) was a member of the Gestapo during World War II . He was killed in 1943 by a partisan death squad in Jędrzejów , Poland .
General Sir Cecil Frederick Nevil Macready , 1st Baronet , GCMG , KCB , PC ( Ire ) ( 7 May 1862 -- 9 January 1946 ) , known as Sir Nevil Macready and affectionately as Make - Ready ( close to the correct pronunciation of his name ) , was a British Army officer .
General Sir John Jeremy Mackenzie GCB , OBE , DL ( born 11 February 1941 ) is a former British Army General who became Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe .
Khamis Gaddafi ( 27 May 1983 -- 29 August 2011 ) was the seventh and youngest son of former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi , and the military commander in charge of the Khamis Brigade of the Libyan Army .
Major - General Charles Jefferyes ( other spellings exist ; died 1765 ) was an officer of the British Army .
Admiral Lord Amelius Beauclerk GCB GCH FRS ( 23 May 1771 -- 10 December 1846 ) was a British Royal Navy officer .
General Sir Charles Phibbs Jones GCB , CBE , MC ( 1906 - -1988 ) was a British Army general who reached high office in the 1950s .
Amasa Cobb ( September 27 , 1823 -- July 5 , 1905 ) was a Republican Wisconsin politician and an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Norrbotten Brigade ( Swedish : Norrbottensbrigaden ) , also IB 19 , NB 19 or MekB 19 , was a Swedish Army armoured brigade located in the province of Norrbotten .
Werner Mölders ( 18 March 1913 -- 22 November 1941 ) was a World War II German Luftwaffe pilot and the leading German fighter ace in the Spanish Civil War .
The 3rd Bombay European Regiment was disbanded in 1862 and incorporated into the British Army as the 109th Regiment of Foot .
Charles Powell Hamilton ( 26 December 1747 -- 12 March 1825 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , who saw service during the American War of Independence , and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , eventually rising to the rank of Admiral .
Daniel S. Mastagni is a retired Rear Admiral ( Lower Half ) of the United States Navy Reserve who , from July to September 2003 served as Commander Naval Forces Korea .
Louis de Watteville ( 1776 - -1836 ) , whose name was sometimes germanicised to Abraham Ludwig Karl von Wattenwyl was born in Switzerland but became a Major General in the British Army , and fought in the Napoleonic Wars and the War of 1812 .
Robert Boyd Brazier ( June 13 , 1916 -- June 4 , 1942 ) was an Aviation Radioman in the United States Navy .
Robert Volz ( born January 31 , 1875 ) was a seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
Sir Charles Cunningham KCH ( 1755 -- 11 March 1834 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century .
Lieutenant - General Lammert Swart ( 1847 - Den Haag , January 16 , 1909 ) was commander of the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army and Chief of the Department of War in the Dutch East Indies .
General Sir Charles Harington Harington GCB , GBE , DSO ( 31 May 1872 -- 22 October 1940 ) was a British Army officer most noted for his service during the First World War and Chanak crisis .
Theodore II Palaiologos was a son of the Eastern Roman Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos and his wife Helena Dragaš .
Charles , Margrave of Burgau , also known as Charles of Austria , ( 22 November 1560 at Bürglitz Castle in Bohemia -- 30 October 1618 in Überlingen ) , was the son of Archduke Ferdinand II of Austria and his first morganatic marriage to Philippine Welser .
Arthur MacArthur IV ( born February 21 , 1938 in Manila , Philippines ) is the only child of General of the Army Douglas MacArthur and Jean MacArthur .
Caterina Sforza was born in Milan in early 1463 , the illegitimate daughter of Galeazzo Maria Sforza by his mistress , Lucrezia Landriani .
Katia Mann ( born Katharina Hedwig Pringsheim ; July 24 , 1883 -- April 25 , 1980 ) was the youngest child and only daughter ( among four sons ) of the German Jewish mathematician and artist Alfred Pringsheim and his wife Hedwig Pringsheim , who was an actress in Berlin before her marriage .
William Fitz Robert , 2nd Earl of Gloucester ( died 1183 ) was the son and heir of Sir Robert de Caen , 1st Earl of Gloucester , and Mabel FitzRobert of Gloucester , daughter of Robert Fitzhamon .
Born María del Pilar Bardem Muñoz to performers Rafael Bardem and Matilde Muñoz Sampedro in Seville , Bardem began her screen career in 1965 .
Thomas Butler , Viscount Thurles ( before 1596 -- 15 December 1619 ) was the son and heir apparent of Walter Butler , 11th Earl of Ormond ( 1559 -- 1632/3 ) ( whom he predeceased ) and the Honorable Helen Butler .
Hongshi 's mother was a Han Chinese woman surnamed Li ( the later Consort Qi ) who was a secondary consort to Yinzhen .
Henry FitzRoy , 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset ( 15 June 1519 -- 23 July 1536 ) , was the son of King Henry VIII of England and his mistress , Elizabeth Blount , and the only illegitimate offspring whom Henry VIII acknowledged .
Flavia Julia Constantia ( after 293 -- c. 330 ) was the daughter of the Roman Emperor Constantius Chlorus and his second wife , Flavia Maximiana Theodora .
Born in Lund , Måns Zelmerlöw is the son of Birgitta Sahlén , a professor at Lund University , and surgeon Sven - Olof Zelmerlöw .
His parents , Neocles and Chaerestrate , both Athenian - born , and his father a citizen , had emigrated to the Athenian settlement on the Aegean island of Samos about ten years before Epicurus 's birth in February 341 BC . As a boy , he studied philosophy for four years under the Platonist teacher Pamphilus .
In Greek mythology , Medus was the son of Medea .
Gerhard VI of Jülich , Count of Berg and Ravensberg ( c. 1325 -- 18 May 1360 ) was the son of William V , Duke of Jülich and Joanna of Hainaut .
Julius Constantius ( died September 337 ) was a politician of the Roman Empire and a member of the Constantinian dynasty , being a son of Emperor Constantius Chlorus and his second wife Flavia Maximiana Theodora , a younger half - brother of Emperor Constantine I and the father of Emperor Julian .
Oscar Wilde was born at 21 Westland Row , Dublin ( now home of the Oscar Wilde Centre , Trinity College ) , the second of three children born to Sir William Wilde and Jane Wilde , two years behind William ( `` Willie '' ) .
Anne of Burgundy , Duchess of Bedford ( French : Anne de Bourgogne ) ( 30 September 1404 -- 14 November 1432 ) was a daughter of John the Fearless , Duke of Burgundy ( 1371 - -1419 ) and his wife Margaret of Bavaria ( 1363 - -1423 ) .
Beyoncé said about her mother Tina Knowles that her gift was `` finding the best qualities in every human being . ''
María de las Mercedes , Princess of Asturias ( María de las Mercedes de Borbón y Habsburgo - Lorena ) ( 11 September 1880 -- 17 October 1904 ) , was the eldest daughter of King Alfonso XII of Spain and his second wife , Maria Christina of Austria .
George Grey , 2nd Earl of Kent ( 1454 -- 25 December 1505 ) was the son of Edmund Grey , 1st Earl of Kent and Lady Katherine Percy .
Madalsa Sharma was born on 26 September to film producer and director Subhash Sharma and actress Sheela Sharma .
Clovis Cornillac was born to actors Myriam Boyer and Roger Cornillac .
Dorothy Percy , Countess of Northumberland ( formerly Perrot , née Devereux ; c. 1564 -- 3 August 1619 ) was the younger daughter of Walter Devereux , 1st Earl of Essex by Lettice Knollys , and the wife of Henry Percy , 9th Earl of Northumberland .
Cyrus the Younger ( Old Persian : ) , son of Darius II of Persia and Parysatis , was a Persian prince and general .
Per Stig Møller is the son of the former Finance Minister Poul Møller and journalist Lis Møller , who were both Members of Parliament .
Angela Coleman ( born 1963 in Chicago , Illinois ) , daughter of New Orleans Fourth Municipal District Assessor Betty Jefferson , was one of four individuals indicted in 2009 by federal grand jury for the U.S. Justice Department 's Eastern District of Louisiana .
John II Crispo ( or Giovanni ; 1388 - -1433 ) was the twelfth Duke of the Archipelago , etc . , from 1418 to 1433 , son of the tenth Duke Francesco I Crispo and wife Fiorenza I Sanudo , Lady of Milos and brother of Giacomo I and William II . He married ca .
Eva Löwen was the daughter of Axel Löwen and Eva Horn af Ekebyholm and the grandchild of Arvid Horn , and the great grandchild of Christina Piper .
Jeanne of Dampierre ( c. 1225 - -1245/1246 ) was the only daughter of Margaret II , Countess of Flanders and William II of Dampierre .
Carl Gustaf Tessin ( 5 September 1695 -- 7 January 1770 ) was a Swedish Count and politician and son of architect Nicodemus Tessin the Younger and Hedvig Eleonora Stenbock .
Julie Andrieu was born in Paris , the daughter of actress Nicole Courcel , married to a man much younger than her and who abandoned her during her pregnancy .
Anthony Delon ( born September 30 , 1964 ) is a French - American actor , and son of actors Alain Delon and Nathalie Delon ( Francine Canovas ) .
Alix Liddell was the daughter of Rose Kerr , a pioneer of GirlGuiding , and Admiral Mark Kerr , British Navy .
Andronikos IV Palaiologos was the eldest son of Emperor John V Palaiologos by his wife Helena Kantakouzene .
Kim Jong - il 's mother , Kim Jong - suk , was Kim Il - sung 's first wife .
Cokie Roberts is the third child and youngest daughter of ambassador and long - time Democratic Congresswoman from Louisiana Lindy Boggs and of Hale Boggs , also a Democratic Congressman from Louisiana .
Mo River empties into Lake Volta in Ghana .
The Linth ( pronounced ( ˈlɪnt ) `` lint '' ) is a Swiss river that rises near the village of Linthal in the mountains of the canton of Glarus , and eventually flows into the Obersee section of Lake Zurich .
The Hanalei River on the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii flows north from the eastern slopes of Mount Waiʻaleʻale for 15.7 miles ( 25.3 km ) until it reaches the Pacific Ocean at Hanalei Bay as an estuary .
Minnehaha Creek is a 22-mile - long ( 35 km ) tributary of the Mississippi River that flows east from Gray 's Bay Dam on Lake Minnetonka through the suburban cities of Minnetonka , Hopkins , Saint Louis Park , and Edina , and the city of Minneapolis .
The river then drains southwards through Moora , flows westerly before joining with the Moore River East near Mogumber , then flows in a westerly direction over the Edengerie Cascade , through the northern edge of the Moore River Nature Reserve , then through the Gingin Scarp , discharging into the Indian Ocean at Guilderton .
The Amisk River is a river in east - central Alberta in the basin of the Beaver River ( Canada ) .
Wingecarribee River rises on the heights at Robertson below Wingecarribee Reservoir , near the village of Glenquarry , and flows generally northwest , joined by two minor tributaries and through the Belanglo State Forest and Bangadilly National Park , before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River north of the locality of Tugalong , northwest of Berrima .
The Louts , is a left tributary of the Adour , in Aquitaine , in the Southwest of France .
The Lisitsa River , also known as Bolshaya Lisitsa River ( Russian : Лисица , Большая Лисица ) , is a river in Tomsk Oblast in Russia , a right tributary of the Ket River ( Ob basin ) .
River Júcar flows first southward and then eastward through the towns of Cuenca , Alcalá del Júcar , Cofrentes , Alzira , Sueca and Cullera , a town located near its mouth into the Gulf of Valencia , Mediterranean Sea .
The Appomattox River is a tributary of the James River , approximately 157 miles ( 253 km ) long , in central and eastern Virginia in the United States , named for the Appomattocs Indian tribe who lived along its lower banks in the 17th century .
The Haine ( French : Haine , Dutch : Hene , German : Henne ) is a river in southern Belgium ( Hainaut ) and northern France ( Nord ) , right tributary of the river Scheldt .
The Gediz River ( Turkish : Gediz Nehri , Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈɡediz ) ) is the second - largest river in Anatolia flowing into the Aegean Sea .
At 174 kilometres ( 108 mi ) in length , the Huon River is the fourth longest in Tasmania with its course flowing east through the fertile Huon Valley and empties into the D’Entrecasteaux Channel before flowing into the Tasman Sea .
Lidan flows into Vänern by Lidköping and therefore the name of the city Lid - köping .
Finally , the Tigris joins the Euphrates near al - Qurnah to form the Shatt - al - Arab .
The Wisłoka is a river in south - eastern Poland , a tributary of the Vistula river , with a length of 164 kilometres ( 102 miles ) ( 26th longest ) and the basin area of 4,110 square kilometres ( 1,587 sq mi ) .
The Ohio River , which streams westward from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , to Cairo , Illinois , is the largest tributary , by volume , of the Mississippi River in the United States .
The Chichester River rises in the Chichester Range below Barrington Tops and east of Careys Peak , and flows generally southeast , joined by the Wangat River , before reaching its confluence with the Williams River at Bandon Grove , north northwest of Dungog .
The Hezil Suyu river is not to be mistaken with the Little Khabur river which is tributary to the Tigris river and flows east of Zakho city and goes through the Zakho city joining its tributary the Hezil Suyu west of Zakho city .
The Johnston River rises on Ruby Plains Station , flows in a northerly direction for 46 km and discharges into the Elvire River in Elvire Gorge to the east of Halls Creek .
The Murat River ( Turkish : Murat Nehri ) , or Eastern Euphrates is the major source of the Euphrates .
Tobins River , a perennial stream of the Hastings River catchment , is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales , Australia .
The Port River ( 34 ° 45′S 138 ° 30′E ) is the western branch of the largest tidal estuary on the eastern side of Gulf St Vincent .
The Goorudee Rivulet rises below Bulgar Hill , part of Monaro Range , adjacent to the Snowy Mountains Highway , and flows generally east southeast before reaching its confluence with the Murrumbidgee River , north of Adaminaby .
The Pend Oreille River is a tributary of the Columbia River , approximately 130 miles ( 209 km ) long , in northern Idaho and northeastern Washington in the United States , as well as southeastern British Columbia in Canada .
The Keele River is a tributary of the Mackenzie River , about 410 kilometres ( 250 mi ) long , in the western part of the Canadian Northwest Territories .
The Mun River ( Thai : แม่น้ำมูล , rtgs : Maenam Mun , IPA : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm muːn ) ) , sometimes spelled Moon River , is a tributary of the Mekong River .
The Wilge River ( Afrikaans : Wilgerivier , meaning `` willow river '' ) is a tributary of the Vaal River in central South Africa .
The Calabar River in Cross River State , Nigeria flows from the north past the city of Calabar , joining the larger Cross River about 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) to the south .
The Red Volta is a river that flows through the Upper East region of North Ghana and the international border of North Ghana flowing about 320 km to join the White Volta in the Upper East region of North Ghana and arising in Burkina Faso .
The Liswarta is a river in south - central Poland , a tributary of the Warta river .
The Onyx River is an Antarctic meltwater stream which flows westward through the Wright Valley from Wright Lower Glacier and Lake Brownworth at the foot of the glacier to Lake Vanda , during the few months of the Antarctic summer .
The Bukhan River ( North Han River ) is a tributary of the Han River that flows through both North and South Korea .
The Michelsbach is a tributary of the River Rhine in the German region of South Palatinate .
The Odet is a river in western France ( Finistère department ) , which runs from Saint - Goazec ( near Leuhan , in the Montagnes Noires of Brittany ) into the Atlantic Ocean at Bénodet .
White Volta flows through North Ghana and flows into Lake Volta in Ghana and arises in Burkina Faso .
The river flows generally south by east , then west , then generally south in a highly meandering course , joined by five tributaries including the Little Dargo River , before reaching its confluence with the Wonnangatta River , south of Dargo and north of the Mitchell River National Park , in the Shire of East Gippsland .
Cetina descends from an altitude of 385 m at its source to the sea level when it flows into the Adriatic Sea .
Fort Nelson , a historic Hudson 's Bay Company trading post , was located at the mouth of the Nelson River at Hudson Bay and was a key trading post in the early 18th century .
Nizina River is the largest tributary of the Chitina River in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Arte River rises below Mount Kuark , in remote country in the Errinundra National Park , and flows generally south and then east , joined by the Little Arte River before reaching its confluence with the Goolengook River , northwest of the town of Cann River in the Shire of East Gippsland .
The Floyd River is a tributary of the Missouri River , 112 miles ( 180 km ) long , in northwestern Iowa in the United States .
The Lachsbach , also called the Rathmannsdorfer Bach , is the largest , right - hand tributary of the Elbe in Saxon Switzerland .
Long Island Sound is a tidal estuary of the Atlantic Ocean , lying between the eastern shore of Bronx County , New York City , the southern shores of Westchester County and Connecticut , and the northern shore of Long Island .
The Ebrón River is a river of Spain , is a affluent of the Turia River .
The Ibaizabal river ( wide river in Basque ) drains southeastern Biscay to the Estuary of Bilbao .
The Mooney Mooney Creek rises southeast of Central Mangrove below Peats Ridge , and flows generally south before reaching its confluence with the Hawkesbury River at the locality of Mooney Mooney .
Crossing Creek is a creek in north west New South Wales , Australia that flows into Tycannah Creek .
The West Dart River is one of the two main tributaries of the River Dart in Devon , England .
The Ondaine or Ondenon is a river in the Loire department of France .
USS Sea Devil ( SSN-664 ) , a Sturgeon - class attack submarine , was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the sea devil ( Manta birostria ) , also known as the manta ray or devil ray , the largest of all living rays , noted for power and endurance .
The Days of Being Dumb is a 1992 Hong Kong comedy film produced by Peter Chan , directed by Blackie Ko and starring Tony Leung Chiu - wai , Jacky Cheung , Eric Tsang ( who also serves as the film 's presenter ) , Kent Tong and actress Anita Yuen in her debut role .
The Flaxton Boys is a British historical children 's television series set in the West Riding of Yorkshire and covering a timespan of almost a century .
Barnaby Jones is a television detective series starring Buddy Ebsen and Lee Meriwether as a father and daughter - in - law who run a private detective firm in Los Angeles , California .
I Really Hate My Job is the story of the lives of five women stuck working in a second - rate London restaurant with delusions of grandeur .
The Tomorrow People operate out of a secret base , The lab , built in an abandoned London Underground station .
Johnny Tiger ( 1966 ) is a Florida Western film directed by Paul Wendkos , starring Robert Taylor , Chad Everett , and Geraldine Brooks .
The Millionairess is a 1960 British romantic comedy film set in London , directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Sophia Loren and Peter Sellers .
The Vulture 's Eye is a 2004 horror film inspired by Bram Stoker 's novel Dracula set in Virginia .
Cochise Hall is a dormitory at the University of Arizona in Tucson , Arizona , United States .
Charlie Chan at Treasure Island is a 1939 American film directed by Norman Foster , starring Sidney Toler as the fictional Chinese - American detective Charlie Chan , that takes place on Treasure Island during San Francisco 's Golden Gate International Exposition .
The Jumping - Off Place is a children 's novel by Marian Hurd McNeely about homesteading in South Dakota .
The Bank Job is a 2008 British crime film written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais , directed by Roger Donaldson , and starring Jason Statham , based on the 1971 Baker Street robbery in central London , from which the money and valuables stolen were never recovered .
Another Kind of Monday is a 1996 young - adult novel by the American writer William E. Coles , Jr. ( 1932 - -2005 ) set in 1990s Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Rob - B - Hood ( traditional Chinese : 寶貝計劃 ; simplified Chinese : 宝贝计划 , also known as Robin - B - Hood ) is a 2006 Hong Kong action comedy film written , produced and directed by Benny Chan , and starring Jackie Chan , Louis Koo , Yuen Biao and Michael Hui .
Walking and Talking is a story about two female best friends and how they deal with their changing relationship as one ( Heche ) prepares to get married and the other ( Keener ) struggles with single life in New York City .
De l'autre côté du lit was filmed on location in Paris .
The Rat Race is a 1960 American drama film directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Tony Curtis and Debbie Reynolds as struggling young entertainment professionals in New York City .
Studio Wrestling was a live professional wrestling show broadcast from WIIC - TV Channel 11 in Pittsburgh every Saturday evening .
24 Hour Party People is a 2002 British comedy - drama film about Manchester 's popular music community from 1976 to 1992 , and specifically about Factory Records .
Parts of The Sun Comes Up were filmed in Glenwood , California , and lumber from the set was used to build the last town post office .
New Police Story is a 2004 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Benny Chan , and also produced by and starring Jackie Chan .
The Crimson Pirate is set in the Caribbean late in the 18th century , on the fictional islands of Cobra and San Pero .
The pair is in California , trying to hustle up the money to get back to New York by competing for the title of Miss Pacific Fleet .
Me and My Moulton is a humorous autobiographical short film based on Kove 's experiences as a 7-year - old girl in Norway , one of three sisters who long for a bicycle .
The Beast of Hollow Mountain is a 1956 Weird West movie about an American cowboy living in Mexico who discovers his missing cattle are being preyed upon by an Allosaurus .
An early high school drama , English teacher Greg Walker ( Grigor Taylor ) transfers from the country to Glenview High , a tough high school in Sydney .
DC Cupcakes is an American reality television series that follows sisters and business partners Sophie LaMontagne and Katherine Kallinis ( later Berman ) as they run Georgetown Cupcake , a small cupcakery located in Washington , D.C. The series premiered on TLC on July 16 , 2010 .
A Friend of the Family is a novel by Lauren Grodstein which takes place in the modern day suburbia of Northern New Jersey where the main character , Pete Dizinoff , a skilled internist , lives in a large house with his wife Elaine and son Alec .
Gone with the Pope was shot on location in Los Angeles and Palm Springs , California , as well as in Las Vegas , Nevada and Rome , Italy .
Joseph Fesch , Prince of France ( January 3 , 1763 -- May 13 , 1839 ) was a French cardinal and diplomat , Prince of France and a member of the Imperial House of the First French Empire , Peer of France , Roman Prince , and the uncle of Napoleon Bonaparte .
Carlyle Eubank is an American writer and screenwriter .
Bay City Blues is an American comedy - drama series that aired on NBC from October to November 1983 .
In 1983 , Chas & Dave presented their own variety show , made by LWT and broadcast on ITV , which was set in an East End pub . Episode 1 : 21 May 1983 , Appearing :
Burger Land is an American food reality television series that premiered with two special episodes airing back - to - back on September 2 , 2012 on the Travel Channel .
Amor Eterno Amor ( Love , Eternal Love ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced by Rede Globo and exhibited in the schedule of 18 hours .
Third Watch is an American crime drama series which first aired on NBC from 1999 to 2005 , for a total of 132 episodes , broadcast in six seasons of 22 episodes each .
Mercy Point is an American science fiction series that ran from the fall of 1998 to the midsummer of 1999 on UPN .
The Mike Neun Show was a Canadian music variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1970 to 1971 .
Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom that began broadcast on CBS on September 22 , 2003 and ended on February 19 , 2015 after twelve seasons .
Finding Carter is an American teen drama television series that debuted on MTV on July 8 , 2014 .
¡ Despierta América ! ( Spanish pronunciation : ( desˈpjerta aˈmeɾika ) , Wake Up America ! ) is an American Spanish language morning television show airing on Univision .
King of Kensington is a Canadian television sitcom which aired on CBC Television from 1975 to 1980 .
The Einstein Factor was an Australian television quiz show that was broadcast on ABC1 .
Castelo Rá - Tim - Bum ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kaʃˈtɛlu ʁa.tʃĩˈbũ ) ) was a Brazilian children 's program produced and broadcast by TV Cultura and the Network Service of Television .
The Goal Rush was a live ITV television programme that aired from 2001 to 2003 produced by Granada Television .
The Face Is Familiar is an American game show which aired in color on CBS as a summer replacement show from May 7 to September 3 , 1966 .
Clarke , Campbell & Co. is a Canadian experimental television series which aired on CBC Television in 1954 .
Totally in Tune is a reality series that aired on Disney Channel .
Lip Sync Battle is an American musical reality competition television series which premiered on April 2 , 2015 , on Spike cable network .
Six by Sondheim is an HBO television documentary which pays tribute to Broadway composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim .
American Ninja Challenge was a nationwide competition sponsored by G4 TV to send a number of American citizens to Japan to compete in the TBS hit TV show Sasuke ( known as Ninja Warrior in US ) .
Britain 's Great War is a British documentary television series that broadcast on BBC One 27 January 2014 .
Wallace and Gromit 's World of Invention is a BBC One science show featuring the animated claymation characters Wallace and Gromit , made by Aardman .
The series was originally run on Network Ten from 2004 to 2006 of which it then moved to Disney Channel , Wicked Science has also screened on ABC1 and ABC2 on 7:00am , Thursday .
Holby City styled as HOLBY CI+Y is a British medical drama television series that airs weekly on BBC One .
Occasional Wife was an American sitcom that got aired on NBC on September 13 , 1966 , and ran until May 9 , 1967 ( reruns aired through August 1967 ) .
Cleghorne ! is an American sitcom starring comedian Ellen Cleghorne that aired on The WB in 1995 .
Just Deal is a comedy - drama series that aired Saturday mornings on NBC as a part of the network 's TNBC lineup .
The Fifth Corner is an American television series which aired on NBC and produced by TriStar Television in 1992 .
Walking in the Kingdom is an American religious TV show produced by Living Faith Television ( LFTV ) that began broadcasting on WLFG in Grundy , Virginia on October 13 , 2005 .
His animated series Acadieman , began airing in late 2005 , and can be seen on both Rogers TV and TV Rogers ( both in English and French ) .
The Marsha Warfield Show is an American daytime talk show that aired for two seasons on NBC from 1990 to 1991 .
The Planet 's Funniest Animals is an American television program featured on the Animal Planet cable channel .
Harry 's Girls is an American situation comedy which appeared on NBC from September 13 , 1963 , to January 3 , 1964 .
The Single Guy is an American television sitcom that ran for two seasons on NBC , from September 1995 to April 1997 .
Dame Chocolate ( Spanish for Give Me Chocolate ) is an American Spanish - language telenovela , which was produced by the United States - based television network Telemundo and aired from March 5 until October 5 , 2007 .
Pixelface was a CBBC children 's sitcom .
X Femmes ( English : X Women ) is a French television series of short films shown on Canal+ in 2008 - -2009 .
Rex Is Not Your Lawyer , from Universal Media Studios and BermanBraun , was first sold to NBC in Spring 2007 ( on a `` first - look '' agreement through BermanBraun ) but the production was stalled because of the Writer 's Strike .
Ribeirão do Tempo ( English : Stream of Time ; International title : River of Intrigues ) is a Brazilian telenovela created by Marcílio Moraes , it is produced and aired by Rede Record from May 18 , 2010 to May 2 , 2011 .
React to That ( stylized as ReactToThat ) is an American television series developed by Nick Cannon and Benny and Rafi Fine that airs on Nickelodeon .
Life with Roger is an American sitcom that aired on The WB as part of its 1996 - -97 schedule .
Insane Coaster Wars is an American television series broadcast by Travel Channel that premiered on July 8 , 2012 , and has three completed seasons .
Noah and Saskia is a 13-episode children 's television program co - produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and British Broadcasting Corporation .
Mr. Adams and Eve is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from January 1957 to July 1958 .
Twenty Good Years is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from October 11 , 2006 , until November 1 , 2006 .
ReGenesis is a Canadian television series produced by The Movie Network and Movie Central in conjunction with Shaftesbury Films .
Chiquititas spawned two spin - offs , Rincón de Luz , which aired in 2003 on Canal 9 and a 2006 production , Chiquititas Sin Fin , which aired on Telefe .
Akasya Durağı is a Turkish comedy television series on Kanal D , which initially broadcast in 2008 Nuri is a very old driver and when he become retired he start his own taxi company with money that earned for all of his life .
The Sharon Osbourne Show refers to either of two TV chat shows hosted by Sharon Osbourne -- the original US version , or the more recent UK ( ITV ) version .
Club Oasis is a 24-episode half - hour comedy - variety show , set in a chic simulated nightclub , which appeared on NBC in the 1957 - -1958 television season .
Harry 's Game was a British television drama mini - series made by Yorkshire Television for ITV in 1982 , based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Gerald Seymour .
Hotel Room is an American drama series that aired for three episodes on HBO from January 8 to 9 , 1993 .
Conan and the Young Warriors is a 1994 television cartoon series produced by Sunbow Entertainment and aired by CBS aired as a sequel to the animated series Conan the Adventurer , but featuring a different set of characters ( besides Conan ) .
Hot Package is an Adult Swim entertainment variety show , created by Derrick Beckles .
Grindl is an American situation comedy that began in the fall of 1963 on NBC , originally sponsored by Procter & Gamble .
Punchlines was a comedy panel game show that aired on ITV from 3 January 1981 to 22 December 1984 and was hosted by Lennie Bennett .
The Bigelow Theatre ( also known as Bigelow - Sanford Theater and as Hollywood Half Hour and Marquee Theater in syndication ) is an American anthology series originally broadcast on CBS Television and on the DuMont Television Network .
Adventures in Jazz is a 1949 CBS television show .
Report Card for Parents was a DuMont Television Network panel discussion show on child behavior which aired Mondays at 8 pm ET from December 1 , 1952 to February 2 , 1953 .
Radha Hi Bawari is a romantic drama on Zee Marathi televised every Monday to Saturday at 7:30pm .
Xtreme 4x4 is a half hour series airing on Spike TV that began in January 2005 as part of Spike 's weekend Powerblock line up .
MTV Halo - Halo is a Filipino music video television program owned by MTV Pinoy , a 24-hour music / entertainment television network owned by MTV Networks Asia Pacific .
Road Hockey Rumble is a half - hour reality series produced by Paperny Entertainment and broadcast on OLN .
The Superior Sex was a Canadian game show television series which aired on CBC Television in 1961 .
Tattingers ( later Tattinger 's ) is an American comedy - drama series that aired by the NBC television network as part of its 1988 fall lineup .
Airport Live was a live television programme broadcast on BBC Two over four nights from 17 June 2013 .
Wendell & Vinnie is an American sitcom television series that premiered on Nickelodeon on February 16 , 2013 and ran until September 22 , 2013 .
King & Maxwell is an American drama television series that debuted on June 10 , 2013 , and aired on TNT .
Volcano Live was a live television programme broadcast on BBC Two from 9 July 2012 .
Spotlight on Film was a Canadian film informational television series which aired on CBC Television in 1969 .
The Disney 's Friends for Change Games are Olympic - based televised games aired on the Disney Channel and part of the station 's Friends for Change initiative .
A Brush with Fame is a light hearted ITV daytime television show , featuring a nationwide search to find Britain 's best amateur portrait painter .
W.E.B. is an American TV series that aired for less than a month on NBC in 1978 .
Reef Doctors was an Australian television drama series that premiered on Network Ten on 9 June 2013 .
Time Was is a documentary television series that premiered on HBO on November 11 , 1979 .
First Outlook was a morning weather program produced by The Weather Channel , an American television station .
Vinterkrysset is a wintertime spin - off variation on Sommarkrysset , the program has been broadcast in two rounds on TV4 .
You Should Be So Lucky ! was a BBC children 's television programme broadcast in 1986/87 .
Time Team is a British television series that originally aired on British Channel 4 from 1994 to 2014 .
Pig Goat Banana Cricket ( also abbreviated as PGBC ) is an American animated television series created by Dave Cooper and Johnny Ryan for Nickelodeon .
Playboy Prime is an adult reality compilation series of Playboy TV programming .
Alcanzar una estrella ( `` To reach a star '' ) is a Mexican telenovela first broadcast on Canal de las Estrellas in 1990 .
Kabhi To Milenge is an Indian television series that aired on Zee TV based on the story of a woman who has been wrongly convicted for the murder of her own husband .
The PBA on Vintage Sports was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games by Vintage Sports , a sports - oriented media company on Philippine television networks Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation from 1982 to 1984 , People 's Television Network from 1984 to 1995 , and Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation from 1996 to 1999 .
Kyle XY is an American science fiction television series produced by ABC Family .
Monster Warriors is an original Canadian television series , which airs on YTV in Canada , and also on Jetix since April 2006 in the United Kingdom .
Cool McCool was an animated series that ran on NBC from September 10 , 1966 to August 30 , 1969 with three segments per show , running to 60 segments in all .
El Juramento ( The Promise ) is the title of a Spanish - language telenovela produced by the United States - based television network Telemundo .
It 's Not Easy Being Green is a television series on BBC Two starring Dick Strawbridge and focusing on how to live an environmentally friendly , low impact life .
Medcezir ( English : `` Tide '' ) is a Turkish teen drama television series first aired on Star TV from September 13 , 2013 .
The first episode of Citizen Khan was first broadcast on BBC One on 27 August 2012 , in a late timeslot of 10:20pm .
Graduados ( English : The Graduates ) is a 2012 Argentine telenovela which was broadcast by Telefe from March 12 to December 19 .
Perhaps due to scheduling competition from other networks ( NBC 's Top 20 hit Unsolved Mysteries and ABC 's Top 30 hits Growing Pains and Head of the Class ) , A Peaceable Kingdom was a ratings failure and CBS cancelled the series after seven episodes .
Bom Dia Rio ( Portuguese for Good Morning Rio ) is a Brazilian news showed by local station of Rede Globo in Rio de Janeiro , presented by Flávio Fachel .
Canadian Authors is a Canadian biographical television series which aired on CBC Television in 1978 .
Fabulous Funnies is a Filmation cartoon series on NBC that ran for one season in 1978 ; it features animated versions of newspaper comic strips and attempted to teach moral lessons to children .
No Béarla is a four - part documentary style programme broadcast on Irish language television channel TG4 and produced by Dearg Films RTÉ / TG4 .
Wunderkind Little Amadeus , commonly referred to as Little Amadeus , is a German animated television series ( known as `` The Adventures of Young Mozart '' ) that debuted on PBS Kids Go ! on September 7 , 2008 through March 1 , 2009 .
This Hour Has Seven Days is a controversial CBC Television newsmagazine which ran from 1964 to 1966 .
Jack 's Big Music Show is an American musical children 's television series originally airing on the Nick Jr. television network .
Hasratein ( Desires ) is an Indian television soap opera that was telecast on Zee TV in the mid 1990s .
Motormouth was a Saturday morning children 's television series that was produced by Television South and aired across the ITV network for four series , running between 3 September 1988 and 4 April 1992 .
Ritmo Deportivo ( translated as Sporty Rhythm in English ) is a weekly television series airing Saturdays at 5pm/4C on Spanish - language network Telemundo , part of the NBC Deportes line of programming .
The World Around Us was an Australian documentary television series that aired on the Seven Network between 1979 until 2006 .
Maging Sino Ka Man ( lit . Whoever You May Be ) was a critically acclaimed Filipino primetime drama series that premiered on ABS - CBN on October 9 , 2006 .
I Just Want My Pants Back is an American comedy - drama that premiered with a special sneak peek on August 28 , 2011 on MTV , with the series airing the new episodes beginning on February 2 , 2012 .
That Peter Kay Thing is a series of six spoof documentaries shown on Channel 4 in January 1999 .
Butternut Square was a Canadian children 's television series which aired on CBC Television between October 19 , 1964 and February 10 , 1967 .
Alan Watts on Living was a Canadian television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1971 .
Saving Kids is an Australian medical documentary television series that screened on Network Ten in 2008 .
Lemur Street is a British television show produced by Oxford Scientific Films for Animal Planet International which is based on the successful format of Meerkat Manor .
Berlin , Berlin is a television series produced for the ARD .
The series was produced by ' Spitting Image Productions ' for Central Independent Television over 18 series which aired on the ITV network .
El Pantera ( In English , The Panther ) is a Mexican television series released by Canal 5 .
Consider Your Verdict is an Australian television series made by Crawford Productions for the Seven Network originally screening from February 1961 through to June 1964 .
Ghar Ki Lakshmi Betiyann ( also known as Betiyann ) ( International Title : Destiny ) is a Hindi language television drama - series that aired on Zee TV .
Nissaga de poder ( English : Lineage of power ) was a Catalan TV soap opera which was broadcast on TV3 from 1996 to 1998 .
Midnight Caller is a dramatic NBC television series created by Richard DiLello , which ran from 1988 to 1991 .
Kaleidosport is a Canadian sports television series which aired on CBC Television from 1967 to 1972 .
The 7 O'Clock News was the main news programme , broadcast each weekday at 7:00pm , on British digital television channel BBC Three between 9 February 2003 to 2 December 2005 .
The Gentle Touch is a British police drama television series made by London Weekend Television for ITV which ran from 1980 - -84 .
Makuha Ka sa Tikim ( English : Be Taken With The Taste ) is a cooking - reality TV program of ABS - CBN in partnership with Knorr , a cooking product of Unilever Philippines .
The Kaiser Aluminum Hour is a dramatic anthology television series which was broadcast in prime time in the United States during the 1956 - 57 season by NBC .
Maalaala Mo Kaya ( English : `` Would you remember ? '' ; abbreviated as MMK ) is a Philippine drama anthology series broadcast on ABS - CBN every Saturday evenings after Dance Kids and before Pilipinas Got Talent ( season 5 ) and is hosted by Charo Santos - Concio .
Emergency Vets is a reality television series that airs on the U.S. cable network Animal Planet .
Stroker and Hoop is an American Adobe Flash animated television series on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim .
Inspector George Gently ( titled George Gently for the pilot and first series ) is a British television series produced by Company Pictures for BBC One , set in the 1960s and based on some of the 46 Inspector Gently novels written by Alan Hunter .
Kevin Hill is an American legal drama that aired on UPN during the 2004 - -2005 TV season .
The Ethiopian white - footed mouse or White - footed stenocephalemys ( Stenocephalemys albipes ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Khassaraporn Suta ( Thai : เกษราภรณ์ สุตา ; born December 12 , 1971 ) is a Thai weightlifter who competed in the women 's 58 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal with a combined lift of 210.0 kg .
Our Finest Flowers is an album by The Residents , released in 1992 .
Harry Plate ( * 18 October 1853 in Hanover ; † 29 April 1939 in Hanover ) was a German tinsmith and long time member of the Hanover chamber of artisans .
Pirro Del Balzo ( sometimes Del Balzo Orsini ; c. 1430 - 24 December 1491 ) was a southern Italian nobleman , a protagonist of resistance against the House of Aragon kings of Naples and Sicily .
Baldwin Wake Walker died on 12 February 1876 at his house in Diss , Norfolk .
Lee Kok Cheong ( 1939 -- December 14 , 1993 ) was the Head of the English Proficiency Unit at the National University of Singapore .
Claude Fayette Bragdon ( August 1 , 1866 -- 1946 ) was an American architect , writer , and stage designer based in Rochester , New York , up to World War I , then in New York City .
Josefina Pla ( 9 November 1903 in Isla de Lobos , Canary Island , Spain -- 11 January 1999 in Asunción , Paraguay ) was a Spanish poet , playwright , art critic , painter and journalist .
August Friedrich Christian Vilmar , German Neo - Lutheran theologian ; born at Solz ( near Rotenburg , 78 m. NE of Frankfurt ) November 21 , 1800 ; died at Marburg July 30 , 1868 .
In 1860 Lewis B. Gunckel married Catharine Winters , a daughter of Valentine Winters a prominent capitalist and banker of Dayton .
In 1926 , Achille Starace once again became Vice - Secretary of the PNF , and , in 1928 , he was appointed Secretary of the Milan branch of the party .
Pedro Virgili ( Catalan : Pere Virgili i Bellver ) ( Vilallonga del Camp , Tarragona , 1699 -- Barcelona , 1776 ) was one of the most prominent royal surgeons of Spain in the 18th century and one of the surgeons of the King of Spain .
Giovanni Carestini ( c. 1704 in Filottrano , near Ancona -- c. 1760 ) was an Italian castrato of the 18th century , who sang in the operas and oratorios of George Frideric Handel .
Arthur Danto died on October 25 , 2013 , aged 89 in Manhattan , New York City .
Karl Doppler ( September 12 , 1825 , Lemberg -- March 10 , 1900 , Stuttgart ) was a Hungarian flute virtuoso , conductor , music director , composer .
Giuseppe Seguenza ( Messina , June 8 , 1833 - Messina , February 3 , 1889 ) was an Italian naturalist and geologist .
Karel Pippich ( 21 April 1849 in Zlonice -- 29 March 1921 in Chrudim ) was a Czech lawyer , Sokol organizer and writer .
Obadiah Bowne ( May 19 , 1822 -- April 27 , 1874 ) was an American politician and a United States Representative from New York .
Philip William August , Count Palatine of Neuburg ( born 19 November 1668 in Neuburg an der Donau ; died : 5 April 1693 in Zákupy ( German : Reichstadt ) ) was a Prince and Count Palatine of Neuburg .
Joaquim Heliodoro da Cunha Rivara ( 23 June 1809 in Arraiolos -- 20 February 1879 in Évora ) was a Portuguese physician , professor , intellectual and politician .
Rüdiger Butte ( 17 May 1949 , Lüthorst , Germany -- 26 April 2013 , Hamelin ) was a German detective and politician ( SPD ) , who was councillor of the district of Hamelin - Pyrmont , and previously Director of the State Office of Criminal Investigation of Lower Saxony , until his violent death .
Hans - Wilhelm Koepcke ( 13 June 1914 in Saatzig , German Empire -- 21 November 2000 in Hamburg , Germany ) was a zoologist , ornithologist , and herpetologist .
Colin Archer ( 22 July 1832 -- 8 February 1921 ) was a Norwegian naval architect and shipbuilder from Larvik , Norway .
Jean Louis Tocqué was born on 19 November 1696 in Paris , capital of the Kingdom of France .
Moses ibn Tibbon ( born in Marseille ; flourished between 1240 and 1283 ) was a Jewish physician , author and translator in Provence .
Heinrich Brück ( 25 October 1831 , Bingen -- 4 November 1903 ) was a German Catholic church historian , and Bishop of Mainz .
Wilhelm Michel ( born in Metz on 9 August 1877 ; died in Darmstadt on 16 April 1942 ) was a German writer who won the 1925 Georg Büchner Prize .
Stanisław Ossowski ( Lipno , 22 May 1897 -- 7 November 1963 , Warsaw ) was one of Poland 's most important sociologists .
Frantsishak Alyakhnovich ( March 9 , 1883 , Vilnius -- March 3 , 1944 , Vilnius , Belarusian : Францішак Аляхновіч , Polish : Franciszek Olechnowicz , Czech : František Olechnovič ) was a Belarusian writer , journalist and Gulag survivor of Polish and Czech origins .
Stephan Praetorius ( or Prætorius ) ( German : Stephan Prätorius ) ( May 3 , 1536 , Salzwedel -- May 4 , 1603 , Salzwedel ) was a German Lutheran theologian and pastor .
Samuel Azu Crabbe died on 15 September 2005 at Aburi in the Eastern Region of Ghana .
Since 2002 the Nadia Reisenberg Recital Award sponsored by The Nadia Reisenberg & Clara Rockmore Foundation takes place every two years at Mannes College in New York City .
Hedvig Charlotta Djurström , née Hoffman , ( 14 May 1807 , Kalmar -- 19 May 1877 , Norrköping ) , was a Swedish actress .
In 1934 , Ahmad Javad returned to Baku , worked as an editor of translation department of `` Azernashr '' Publishing House .
Stanisław Bonifacy Jundziłł or , in Lithuanian , Stanislovas Bonifacas Jundzilas ( 6 May 1761 , Jasiańce , Voranava District - 15 April 1847 , Vilnius ) was a Polish - Lithuanian priest , botanist , educator and diarist who lectured at the University of Vilnius .
Zacharias Longuelune ( 1669 - -November 30 , 1748 ) was a French architect and master builder who worked in the second half of his life for the royal court in Dresden .
Imants Kokars ( 16 August 1921 , Gulbene , Latvia -- 24 November 2011 , Riga , Latvia ) was a Latvian pedagogue and conductor .
Hermann Guthe ( May 10 , 1849 , Westerlinde - August 11 , 1936 , Leipzig ) was a German Semitic scholar .
Lorenzo Milani was born in Florence in 1923 to a rich middle - class family ( see the excellent biography by Neera Fallaci , 1993 ) .
Walter Wreszinski ( March 18 , 1880 , in Mogilno ( now Poland ) -- 9 April 1935 ) was a German Egyptologist and professor at Albertus University of Königsberg .
Francisco García Calderón Rey ( April 8 , 1883 in Valparaíso , Chile -- July 1 , 1953 in Lima , Peru ) was a Peruvian writer .
Paul Tatum ( 1955 - 1996 ) was an American businessman who was killed on November 3 , 1996 , in a Moscow metro station close to his hotel .
George Grosz ( July 26 , 1893 -- July 6 , 1959 ) was a German artist known especially for his caricatural drawings and paintings of Berlin life in the 1920s .
Benjamin Eugène Fichel ( 30 August 1826 Paris - 2 February 1895 Paris ) son of Moise Mayer Fichel and Lili Abigail Sasias , was a French painter .
Salvador de Menezes Drummond Furtado de Mendonça ( Itaboraí , July 21 , 1841 -- Rio de Janeiro , December 5 , 1913 ) , known as Salvador de Mendonça , was a Brazilian lawyer , journalist , diplomat and writer .
Princess Anne of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Freudenberg ( German : Anne Prinzessin zu Löwenstein - Wertheim - Freudenberg ) ( née Lady Anne Savile ) ( born 25 May 1864 in London , England , United Kingdom ; died 31 August 1927 in the North Atlantic Ocean ) was an English socialite and aviation patron and enthusiast .
Daniel Sturgeon ( October 27 , 1789 -- July 3 , 1878 ) was an American physician , banker and Democratic party politician from Uniontown , Pennsylvania .
A. Maceo Walker ( June 7 , 1909 -- June 8 , 1994 ) was an African - American businessman who led expansion of the Universal Life Insurance Company , founded by his father Joseph Edison Walker in Memphis , Tennessee .
Clemente Promontorio or di Promontorio , was a statesman and politician who became doge of the Republic of Genoa .
Woodbury Langdon ( 1739 -- January 13 , 1805 ) was a merchant , statesman and justice from Portsmouth , New Hampshire .
Theodor Strünck ( 7 April 1895 , Pries - 9 April 1945 , Flossenbürg concentration camp ) was a German lawyer and resistance worker , involved in the July 20 plot .
Paul Chalfin died on February 15 , 1959 at the age of 84 in a nursing home in Upper Montclair , New Jersey .
Maud Cuney Hare ( née Cuney , February 16 , 1874 - -February 13 or 14 , 1936 ) was an American pianist , musicologist , writer , and African - American activist in Boston , Massachusetts in the United States .
Gustav Niemann ( Rheine , 9 February 1899 -- Munich , 1 January 1982 ) was a mechanical engineering professor who is regarded as an expert in machine elements .
Adam K. Bert ( 1905 - -2007 ) , of Beaver Falls , Pennsylvania , was a stamp collector and dealer , who operated his stamp business in Pittsburgh .
Béla Miklós was born into a Székely primipilus family in Budapest on 11 June 1890 .
Polychronis Lembesis , ( Greek Πολυχρόνης Λεμπέσης ) ( 1848 , Salamis Island - 1913 , Athens ) was a Greek painter , a member of the Munich School of Greek artists .
Pietro Grosso ( born December 23 , 1923 in Roncade ; died October 3 , 1957 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Rafig Babayev , one of the Azerbaijani coryphaeus , was born on March 31 , 1936 in Baku , in a large musical family .
Carl Hamppe ( born 1814 , Switzerland -- died 17 May 1876 , Gersau , Canton of Schwyz ) was a senior government official in Vienna as well as a Swiss--
Peter Philipp von Dernbach ( 1619 - -1683 ) was the Prince - Bishop of Bamberg from 1672 to 1683 and Prince - Bishop of Würzburg from 1675 to 1683 .
Jiřina Třebická ( November 1 , 1930 Prague -- January 23 , 2005 Prague ) was a Czech dancer and theater and film actress .
The singer Abelardo Barroso Dargeles ( Havana , 21 September 1905 -- 27 September 1972 ) was the first sonero mayor ( lead singer of the son ) to be recognized as such by the Cuban public .
Félicien Vervaecke ( Dadizele , 11 March 1907 -- Brussels , 31 October 1986 ) was a Belgian professional cyclist from 1930 to 1939 .
Giovanni Antonio Cucchi ( Milan or Biella , active 1750 ) was an Italian painter .
Antonio Saura ( September 22 , 1930 , Huesca -- July 22 , 1998 , Cuenca ) was a Spanish artist and writer , one of the major post - war painters to emerge in Spain in the fifties whose work has marked several generations of artists and whose critical voice is often remembered .
Henry Koerner ( August 28 , 1915 , Vienna , Austria -- July 4 , 1991 , St. Pölten , Austria ) was an Austrian - born American painter and graphic designer best known for his early Magical Realist works of the late 1940s and his portrait covers for Time magazine .
Johann Friedrich Meckel ( October 17 , 1781 -- October 31 , 1833 ) , often referred to as Johann Friedrich Meckel , the Younger , was a German anatomist born in Halle .
Marcantonio Franceschini ( Italian pronunciation : ( markanˈtɔːnjo frantʃeˈskiːni ) ; 1648 -- 24 December 1729 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mostly in his native Bologna .
Fern Hobbs ( May 8 , 1883 -- April 10 , 1964 ) was an American attorney in the U.S. state of Oregon , and a private secretary to Oregon Governor Oswald West .
Fra ' Marc'Antonio Zondadari , from Siena , was the 65th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta , from 1720 , after the death of Fra Ramon Perellos de Roccaful , till his own death in 1722 .
Blessed Osanna of Cattaro T.O.S.D. ( Serbo - Croatian : Ozana Kotorska ) was a Catholic visionary and anchoress from Cattaro ( Kotor ) .
Simon Louis , Count of Lippe ( 14 March 1610 at Brake Castle -- 8 August 1636 in Detmold ) , was Count of Lippe - Detmold from 1627 until his death .
Georg Meistermann ( June 16 , 1911 in Solingen - June 12 , 1990 in Cologne ) was a German painter and draftsman who was also famous for his stained glass windows in the whole of Europe .
Baron Carl Mayer von Rothschild ( April 24 , 1788 -- March 10 , 1855 ) was a German - born banker in the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and the founder of the Rothschild banking family of Naples .
Wilson Francisco Alves - also known as Wilson only - ( 21 December 1927 , Rio de Janeiro -- 12 July 1998 , São Paulo ) was a Brazilian football player and manager .
Ramón Subercaseaux Vicuña ( 10 April 1854 , Valparaíso - 19 January 1937 Viña del Mar ) was a Chilean painter , politician and diplomat .
William Sands Cox ( 1802 in Birmingham -- 23 December 1875 in Kenilworth ) was a surgeon in Birmingham , England .
Firmin Massot ( 5 May 1766 , in Geneva -- 16 May 1849 , in Geneva ) was a Swiss portrait painter .
Georg Wilhelm von Siemens ( 30 July 1855 , Berlin -- 14 October 1919 , Arosa , Switzerland ) was a German telecommunications industrialist of the Siemens family .
Heorhiy Narbut ( Ukrainian : Георгій Іванович Нарбут , 25 February ( O.S. 3 March ) 1886 in Narbutivka -- 23 May 1920 in Kiev ) was the most important Ukrainian graphic designer of the twentieth century .
Sir William Tyrone Guthrie ( 2 July 1900 -- 15 May 1971 ) was an English theatrical director instrumental in the founding of the Stratford Festival of Canada , the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and the Tyrone Guthrie Centre at his family 's ancestral home , Annaghmakerrig , near Newbliss in County Monaghan , Ireland .
Sir Run Run Shaw , GBM , CBE ( 23 November 1907 -- 7 January 2014 ) , also known as Shao Yifu and Siu Yat - fu , was a Hong Kong entertainment mogul and philanthropist .
Salima Machamba ( Fomboni , 1 November 1874 -- Pesmes , Haute - Saône , France , 7 August 1964 ) was sultan of Mohéli ( Mwali ) ( 1888 - -1909 ) .
Donald McIntosh ( September 4 , 1838 -- June 25 , 1876 ) was an officer in the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment who was killed at the Battle of Little Big Horn in the Montana Territory .
A native of the East Flanders town of Nokere , Jules Lowie died in Deinze two months short of his 47th birthday .
Dan Vadis ( born Constantine Daniel Vafiadis in Shanghai , China : 3 January 1938 -- 11 June 1987 in Lancaster , California , U.S. ) was an actor famous for his lead roles in many Italian films made in the 1960s .
Jacques Barnaud ( born 24 February 1893 in Antibes - died 15 April 1962 in Paris ) was a French banker , businessman and member of the collaborationist Vichy regime during the Second World War .
Jacob de Wit was born in Amsterdam , and became famous for his door and ceiling paintings .
Frederick Augustus , Prince of Anhalt - Zerbst ( 8 August 1734 in Alt Stettin -- 3 March 1793 in Luxembourg ) , was a German prince of the House of Ascania and the last ruler of the Principality of Anhalt - Zerbst .
Auguste Boissonneau ( 26 July 1802 , Saumur -- 7 July 1883 , Paris ) was a French ornithologist and ocularist .
Adamo Rossi ( March 5 , 1821 in Petrignano -- February 22 , 1891 in Perugia ) was an Italian clergyman , revolutionary patriot , scholar and librarian .
Thomas Szczeponik ( born 4 December 1860 in Peiskretscham , Province of Silesia ( now Poland ) , died 30 January 1927 in Katowice ( Kattowitz ) ) was a German - Polish Catholic politician .
Julian Russell Story ( born 1857 in Walton - on - Thames , Surrey , England ; died 1919 in Philadelphia , PA , USA ) was an American painter .
Léon Chertok or Lejb Tchertok ( 31 October 1911 , Vilnius , Vilna Governorate -- 6 July 1991 , Deauville ) , was a French psychiatrist known for his work on hypnosis and psychosomatic medicine .
Achille Beltrame ( March 18 , 1871 in Arzignano -- February 19 , 1945 in Milan ) , was an Italian painter and illustrator .
Eugène Louis Bouvier ( 9 April 1856 , in Saint - Laurent - en - Grandvaux -- 14 January 1944 , in Paris ) was a French entomologist and carcinologist .
Pasquale Tola ( 30 November 1800 , Sassari -- 25 August 1874 , Genoa ) was an Italian judge , politician and historian .
Genevieve Taggard ( November 28 , 1894 Waitsburg , Washington -- November 8 , 1948 New York City ) was an American poet .
Josse van der Baren ( variations on the first name : ' Joost ' and ' Jodocus ' ) ( b. between 1540 and 1560 -- d. between 1604 and 1624 ) was a Flemish painter of history paintings and a draughtsman active in the Leuven area around the turn of the 17th century .
Eduardo Manchón Molina ( born 24 July 1930 in Barcelona , died there on 29 September 2010 ) was a Spanish footballer .
Joseph Benda was the successor of his brother Franz Benda as Kapellmeister in Berlin .
Sibylle Christine of Anhalt - Dessau ( Dessau , 11 July 1603 -- Hanau , 21 February 1686 ) , was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt - Dessau .
Bernardo Cennini ( Italian : ( berˈnardo tʃenˈniːni ) ; 1414/5 -- c. 1498 ) was an Italian goldsmith , sculptor and early printer of Florence .
Carlo Promis ( 1808 -- 1873 in Turin , Italy ) was an Italian architect and architectural historian and a proponent of Eclecticism .
Ödön Lechner ( August 27 , 1845 in Pest -- June 10 , 1914 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian architect , nicknamed the `` Hungarian Gaudí '' .
Max Eckert ( 10 April 1868 , Chemnitz , Kingdom of Saxony -- 26 December 1938 Aachen ; after 1934 Max Eckert - Greifendorff ) was a German geographer .
Ferdinando Galiani ( 2 December 1728 , Chieti , Kingdom of Naples -- 30 October 1787 , Naples , Kingdom of Naples ) was an Italian economist , a leading Italian figure of the Enlightenment .
German Tatarinov was a Member of the Saint Petersburg Union of Artists ( before 1992 - Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation ) since 1972 , a Member of Peter 's Academy of Sciences and Arts ( 1995 ) .
Jean - Joseph Balechou ( Arles , 11 July 1715 - Avignon , 18 August 1765 ) was a French engraver .
Roy Glenwood Spurling ( 6 September 1894 , Centralia , Missouri -- 7 February 1968 , La Jolla , California ) was an American neurosurgeon remembered for describing Spurling 's test .
Antoine Vitez was born in Paris and trained to be an actor , finding his first acting job at the age of 19 in Ils attendent Lefty at the Théâtre Maubel .
Nikolaos Xydias Typaldos ( Greek : Νικόλαος Ξυδιάς Τυπάλδος ; 1826/29 , Lixouri - 1909 , Athens ) was a Greek painter , best known for his portraits .
Paolo Biancucci ( 1583 - -1653 ) was born at Lucca and was a pupil of Guido Reni , and influenced by Sassoferrato .
Lucien Génin ( 9 November 1894 in Rouen -- 26 August 1953 in Paris ) was a French painter in the milieu of pre - World War I , and 1920s Montmartre and Saint - Germain - des - Prés .
Grenville Hair ( born 16 November 1931 in Burton - upon - Trent , England ; died 7 March 1968 in Bradford , England ) was a footballer who played his entire professional career for Leeds United between 1948 and 1964 .
Manfred Gurlitt ( Berlin , 6 September 1890 -- Tokyo , 29 April 1972 ) was a German opera composer and conductor .
Archbishop Paulo Lopes de Faria died on July 16 , 2009 , in Belo Horizonte at the age of 78 .
Jan Štursa ( 15 May 1880 in Nové Město na Moravě -- 2 May 1925 in Prague ) was a Czech sculptor , one of founders of modern Czech sculpture .
Platt D. Babbitt ( born May 22 , 1822 in Lanesborough , Massachusetts - died August 21 , 1879 in South Wales , New York ) was an American photographer best known for his photographs in the area of Niagara Falls .
Eberhard Fraas was born in Stuttgart , the son of Oscar Fraas ( 1824 - -1897 ) , a curator and professor at the geological and paleontological department of the Württemberg Royal Natural Cabinet .
Olivier Greif ( 3 January 1950 , Paris -- 13 May 2000 , Paris ) was a French composer of Polish - Jewish parentage .
Captain Hawa Singh ( December 16 , 1937 in Umarwas , Haryana - August 14 , 2000 , in Bhiwani , Haryana ) was an Indian Heavyweight boxer , who dominated Indian and Asian amateur boxing for a decade in his weight class .
Shmuel Salant ( January 2 , 1816 -- August 16 , 1909 ) served as the Ashkenazic Chief Rabbi of Jerusalem for almost 70 years .
Educated in Bordeaux , Ogé returned to work with his uncle and namesake Vincent Ogé , a merchant in the major colonial city of Cap - Français ( today 's Cap - Haïtien ) .
Paul Guiraud ( January 15 , 1850 -- February 25 , 1907 ) was a French historian born in Cenne - Monestiés , a commune located in the department of Aude .
Medar Shtylla ( February 28 , 1907 in Korça -- December 20 , 1963 in Tirana ) was an Albanian politician and one of the main organizers of the Albania Liberation Movement during World War II . He served as Minister of Health from 1946 to 1955 .
Miroslav Pavlović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мирослав Павловић ; 23 October 1942 , in Požega -- 19 January 2004 , in Belgrade ) was a Serbian football player .
Donatian and Rogatian were two brothers , martyred in Nantes during the reign of Roman Emperor Maximian , around 288 - 290 , for refusing to deny their faith .
Raffaele Guariglia , Barone di Vituso ( Naples , 19 February 1889 - Rome , 25 April 1970 ) was an Italian diplomat .
Joachim Heinrich Wilhelm Wagener ( 16 July 1782 , Berlin - 18 January 1861 , Berlin ) was a German banker and patron of the arts .
Louis de Cormontaigne ( 1696 at Strasbourg -- 1752 in Metz ) was a French military engineer .
Muhammad Ahmad Mahgoub ( 17 May 1908 in Aldewem city at the age of seven he came to Khartoum -- 1976 ) was a foreign minister , then Prime Minister , of Sudan and an important writer who has published several volumes of poetry in the Arabic language .
After graduating with a law degree from Faculte de droit de Paris and from HEC Paris , Jacques Dauphin re - opened the Parisian - based office created by his father Eugene Dauphin in 1921 who closed it during WWII to prevent any collaboration with the Nazis .
William Henry Eustis ( 1845 -- November 30 , 1928 ) was the 17th mayor of Minneapolis , Republican nominee for Governor of Minnesota in 1898 , and a philanthropist .
Martin Benka ( 21 September 1888 , Kostolište -- 28 June 1971 , Malacky ) was a Slovak painter and illustrator .
Ethel Bailey Higgins ( 1866 - -1963 ) was an American botanist and the curator of botany at the San Diego Natural History Museum from 1943 to 1957 ; she continued to serve as associate curator from 1957 to 1963 .
Julia Clara Catherine Maria Dolores Robins Norton Birk Olsen Hitchens ( December 25 , 1907 in San Antonio , Texas -- August 1 , 1973 in Orange County , California ) , better known as Dolores Hitchens , was an American mystery novelist who wrote prolifically from 1938 until her death .
Tertius Bosch ( 14 March 1966 in Vereeniging , Transvaal -- 14 February 2000 in Westville , KwaZulu - Natal ) was a South African cricketer who played in one Test and two ODIs in 1992 .
Josef Sudek ( 17 March 1896 , Kolín , Bohemia -- 15 September 1976 , Prague ) was a Czech photographer , best known for his photographs of Prague .
Károly Szabó ( November 17 , 1916 -- October 28 , 1964 ) was an employee of the Swedish Embassy in Budapest from 1944 to 1945 .
Domenico Pacini ( Marino , February 20 , 1878 -- Rome , May 23 , 1934 ) was an Italian physicist noted for his contributions to the discovery of cosmic rays .
Mohamed Arbi Zarrouk Khaznadar ( born 1760 in Le Bardo - October 29 , 1822 in Tunis ) was Prime Minister and Khaznadar ( minister of Finances ) of Beylik of Tunis .
Cenobio Paniagua y Vásques ( September 30 , 1821 , Tlalpujahua , Michoacán -- November 2 , 1882 , Córdoba , Veracruz ) was a Mexican composer .
Born Alan Ernest Caldwell in Liverpool , Storm was the singer and leader of Rory Storm and the Hurricanes , a Liverpudlian band who were contemporaries of the Beatles in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Colin Jordan died at his Pateley Bridge home on 9 April 2009 .
Astolfo Petrazzi ( 1583 - 1653 or 1665 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in his hometown of Siena , but also Spoleto and Rome .
Christina Carpenter or Christine Carpenter ( fl . 1329 - -1332 ) was a 14th - century anchoress or recluse in the village of Shere , Surrey , in southern England .
The Fabri family moved to the Soviet Union in 1932 , where Ernst Fabri edited a German - language newspaper in Moscow .
Issoufou Saidou - Djermakoye ( born July 10 , 1920 in Dosso , Niger , and died June 30 , 2000 in Paris ) was a politician from Niger who was elected to the French Senate in 1958 .
Albert van Schendel ( 21 September 1912 in Lage Zwaluwe -- 12 April 1990 in Muret , France ) was a Dutch professional road bicycle racer .
Eduard Sievers ( 25 November 1850 , Lippoldsberg -- 30 March 1932 , Leipzig ) was a philologist of the classical and Germanic languages .
Thomas Underwood ( May 6 , 1863 -- May 10 , 1948 ) was a building developer and the 13th mayor of Calgary , Alberta .
Göran Tunström ( 14 May 1937 , Borgvik , Grums Municipality -- February 5 , 2000 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish author .
Johann Baptist Allgaier ( June 19 , 1763 , Schussenried -- January 3 , 1823 , Vienna ) was a German - Austrian chess master and theoretician .
Eastman Johnson ( July 29 , 1824 -- April 5 , 1906 ) was an American painter and co - founder of the Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York City , with his name inscribed at its entrance .
Alejandro Lerroux y García ( La Rambla , Córdoba , 4 March 1864 -- Madrid , 25 June 1949 ) was a Spanish politician who was the leader of the Radical Republican Party during the Second Spanish Republic .
Ewald Rohlfs ( 1911 Bremen , Germany - 1984 ) was a test pilot .
Franz Hettinger ( 13 January 1819 , at Aschaffenburg -- 26 January 1890 , at Würzburg ) was a German Catholic theologian .
His family home still stands at 440 Osgood Street in North Andover and his home in New York City , the Samuel Osgood House , served as the country 's first Presidential mansion .
Sir Sydney Walling ( 12 July 1907 -- 8 October 2009 ) was an Antiguan cricketer who played for Antigua and Barbuda during the 1930s and 1940s .
Robert Dorning died on 21 February 1989 in London of diabetes .
Jean - Pierre Ramel ( the younger ) ( 1768 , Cahors - 15 August 1815 , Toulouse ) was a French general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the First French Empire .
Sammy Davis Sr . died May 21 , 1988 , in Beverly Hills , California , at the age of 87 , of natural causes , two years before the death of his son , Sammy Davis Jr.
Andrew Heiskell ( September 13 , 1915 , Naples - July 6 , 2003 Darien , Connecticut ) was chairman and CEO of Time Inc. ( 1960 - -1980 ) , and also known for his philanthropy , including for the New York Public Library .
Onni Rajasaari ( 2 March 1910 in Hanko -- 12 November 1994 in Hanko ) was a Finnish athlete specializing in long jump and triple jump .
Blanche Honegger Moyse ( /moʊˈiːz/ ; September 23 , 1909 -- February 10 , 2011 ) was a conductor living in Brattleboro , Vermont .
Michele Pannonio , in Hungarian language Pannóniai Mihály , also known Michele Ongaro o Michele Dai Ungheria ( born by 1415 -- Bologna , 1475 circa ) was an Hungarian - Italian painter , active in Ferrara , Italy .
Jakob Fürchtegott Dielmann ( 9 September 1809 , Frankfurt - 30 May 1885 , Frankfurt ) was a German illustrator , genre and landscape painter .
Eusebius Mandyczewski ( Ukrainian : Євсевій Мандичевський Ėvsevij Mandyčevśkyj , Romanian : Eusebie Mandicevschi ; 18 August 1857 , Molodiya -- 13 August 1929 , Vienna ) was a Romanian musicologist , composer , conductor , and teacher .
Leonardo Alenza y Nieto ( 6 November 1807 , Madrid - 30 June 1845 , Madrid ) was a Spanish painter and engraver in the Romantic style ; associated with the Costumbrista movement .
Charles Fey ( born August Fey in Vöhringen , Bavaria ) ( September 9 , 1862 --November 10 , 1944 ) was a San Francisco mechanic who is best known for inventing the slot machine .
Félicie de Fauveau ( Livorno , 1801 -- Florence , 1886 ) was a nineteenth - century French sculptor who was a precursor of the pre - Raphaelite style .
Charles Stewart Mott ( June 2 , 1875 -- February 18 , 1973 ) was an American businessman , philanthropist and the 50th and 55th Mayor of Flint , Michigan .
Herbert Dingle ( 2 August 1890 , London -- 4 September 1978 , Kingston upon Hull ) was an English physicist and natural philosopher , who served as president of the Royal Astronomical Society from 1951 to 1953 .
Anton or Antonio Maria Fabrizi or Fabrizzi ( 1594 - 1649 ) was an Italian painter , active in Perugia and Foligno in a Baroque style .
Hovsep Aznavur ( Armenian : ովսեփ Ազնավուր ; 1854 , London - June 1935 , Cairo ) was an Ottoman Armenian architect .
A large portion of his significant art collection he left to the Museum Antiker Kleinkunst in Munich ( today the Staatliche Antikensammlungen ) ( `` Sammlung James Loeb '' ) .
Giovanni Maria Morandi ( 30 April 1622 -- 18 February 1717 ) was an Italian painter , mainly active in Rome and his natal city of Florence , but also Venice .
On Friday , March 27 , 1868 , at two in the afternoon , a massive crowd armed with guns and swords attempted to storm the Rova of Antananarivo , residence of Queen Rasoherina .
José da Cruz Policarpo ( Portuguese : ( ʒuˈzɛ dɐ kɾujʃ poliˈkaɾpu ) ; 26 February 1936 -- 12 March 2014 ) , officially referred to as José IV , Patriarch of Lisbon , though commonly just referred to as `` D. José Policarpo '' , was Cardinal and Patriarch Emeritus of Lisbon .
Pierre - Joseph Buc'hoz ( 27 January 1731 , Metz - 13 January 1807 , Paris ) was a French physician , lawyer and naturalist .
Pierre - Marie Rudelle was a French artist painter ( 1932 , Paris -- 28 December 2015 , Paris ) who specialized in trompe l'oeil .
Clemente Albèri ( Rimini 1803 -Bologna , 1864 ) was an Italian painter , best known for portraits and copies of Renaissance and Baroque works .
Moyshe Kulbak ( 1896 , Smarhoń -- 1937 , near Minsk ) was a Yiddish - language writer .
Carlo Vittadini ( 11 June 1800 , in Bertonico -- 20 November 1865 , in Milan ) was an Italian doctor and mycologist .
Gyula Aggházy ( 20 March 1850 , Dombóvár - 23 May 1919 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian genre painter and art teacher .
Charles Joseph Hullmandel ( 15 June 1789 -- 15 November 1850 ) was born in London , where he maintained a lithographic establishment in Great Marlborough Street from about 1819 until his death .
Quintin McMillan ( 23 June 1904 -- 3 July 1948 in Randfontein , Transvaal ) was a South African cricketer who played in 13 Tests from 1929 to 1931 - -32 .
Count Eduard Clam - Gallas ( 14 March 1805 , in Prague -- 17 March 1891 , in Vienna ) was an Austrian General .
The headquarters of Heinrich Koppers AG were in Essen - Moltkeviertel , adjacent to the mansion of the Koppers family ( both buildings built in 1911 ) .
William Charles Gorman ( July 13 , 1911 - December 1978 ) , commonly referred to as Bill Gorman , was an Irish footballer who played for , among others , Bury and Brentford .
Lucia Moholy , born Lucia Schulz , ( 18 January 1894 , Prague , Austria - Hungary -- 17 May 1989 , Zürich , Switzerland ) was a photographer and first wife of artist and fellow photographer László Moholy - Nagy .
Luigi Oreglia di Santo Stefano ( July 9 , 1828 , Bene Vagienna , Italy -- December 7 , 1913 , Rome , Italy ) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church in the late nineteenth century .
Carolina Cotton ( born Helen Hagstrom October 20 , 1925 in Cash , Arkansas ; died June 10 , 1997 in Bakersfield , California ) was an American singer and actress known as the `` Yodeling Blonde Bombshell '' , the `` Girl of the Golden West '' and the `` Queen of the Range '' .
William Henry Rinehart ( September 13 , 1825 , Union Bridge , Maryland - October 28 , 1874 , Rome , Italy ) was a noted American sculptor .
Jean Étienne Duby ( 15 February 1798 in Geneva -- 24 November 1885 ) was a Swiss clergyman and botanist .
Wolf Albach - Retty ( 28 May 1906 as Wolfgang Helmuth Albert Albach -- 21 February 1967 ) was a Vienna - born Austrian actor .
Raffaele Motta ( 1550 -- 1578 ) , known as Raffaellino da Reggio , was an Italian Mannerist style painter from Reggio Emilia , who mainly worked in Rome .
David Prophet ( 9 October 1937 , in Hong Kong -- 29 March 1981 , in Silverstone , Northamptonshire ) was a British racing driver from England .
Although born in Carnac which was the holiday home of his family , Didier Rimaud grew up and studied in Lyon .
Walter Kraft ( Cologne , 9 June 1905 -- Amsterdam , 9 May 1977 ) was a German organist and composer , best known for his remarkably long tenure ( almost half a century , 1926 - 1972 ) at the Marienkirche , Lübeck .
José Romão Martenetz ( born Roman Martynets ; Ukrainian : Йосиф ( Роман ) Мартинець ) ( 7 February 1903 , Lviv , present Ukraine -- 23 February 1989 , Curitiba , Brazil ) was a bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of São João Batista em Curitiba ( 1962 - -1978 ) and a member of Basilian monks .
Gerrit de Wet ( 1616 , Amsterdam ? -- 1674 , Leiden ) , sometimes called De Wett , Düwett , De Weth , or De Weet , was a Dutch painter .
Jack Norworth died of a heart attack in Laguna Beach , California and is interred at Melrose Abbey Memorial Park in Anaheim , California , just across I-5 from the Los Angeles Angels ballpark .
Wilhelm Emil Fein ( born 16 January 1842 in Ludwigsburg ; died 6 October 1898 in Stuttgart ) was a German inventor .
General Artur Ivens Ferraz ( 1 December 1870 , in Lisbon -- 16 January 1933 , in Lisbon Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐɾˈtuɾ ˈajvɐ̃ʃ fɨˈʁaʃ ) ) , was a Portuguese military officer and politician .
Evžen Rošický ( 15 October 1914 Olomouc - 25 June 1942 Prague ) was a Czech athlete and journalist .
Jan van Eyck ( Dutch : ( ˈjɑn fɑn ˈɛik ) ) ( before c. 1390 -- 9 July 1441 ) was an Early Netherlandish painter active in Bruges and one of the most significant Northern Renaissance artists of the 15th century .
Admiral José Isaías de Noronha ( Rio de Janeiro , July 6 , 1874 - Jacarepaguá , January 29 , 1963 ) was one of the leaders of the junta that governed Brazil during the time Washington Luís was deposed .
Carl Otto Czeschka ( 22 October 1878 , Vienna -- 30 July , 1960 , Hamburg ) was an Austrian painter and graphic designer associated with the Wiener Werkstätte .
When Hannikel brutally murdered a grenadier of the Duke of Württemberg on April 5 , 1786 , close to Reutlingen , the Vogt of Sulz am Neckar , Jacob Georg Schäffer followed in pursuit of the gang .
Afonso d'Escragnolle Taunay ( 1876 in Florianópolis , Santa Catarina , Brazil -- 1958 in São Paulo , São Paulo , Brazil ) was a Brazilian writer , politician and noble .
Claude - Henri Plantier ( 1813 - -1875 ) was the Catholic Bishop of Nîmes from 1855 .
Antonio Macrì ( Siderno , ca . 1902 -- January 20 , 1975 ) , popularly known as Zzi ' ntoni , was a historical and charismatic boss of the ' Ndrangheta , a criminal and mafia - type organisation in Calabria , Italy .
Jules Destrée ( French : ( detʁe ) ; Marcinelle , 21 August 1863 -- Brussels , 3 January 1936 ) was a Walloon lawyer , cultural critic and socialist politician .
Giovanni Boveri ( Boverius ) ( Saluzzo , 1568-Genoa , 1638 ) was an Italian jurist , who became a Capuchin Friar Minor , taking the name Zacharias .
Libertas Schulze - Boysen , born Libertas Viktoria Haas - Heye ( November 20 , 1913 in Paris -- December 22 , 1942 in Berlin - Plötzensee ) was a German opponent of the Nazis who belonged to the Red Orchestra ( Rote Kapelle ) resistance group during the Third Reich .
Antoon Faydherbe or Antoine Fayd'herbe ( died 1653 ) was a sculptor , who lived and worked in Mechelen , in the Southern Netherlands .
Jean Wiener ( or Wiéner ) ( 19 March 1896 , Paris -- 8 June 1982 , Paris ) was a French pianist and composer .
Pietro Reverberi ( December 28 , 1912 in Reggio Emilia , Italy -- February 19 , 1985 in Reggio Emilia , Italy ) was an Italian basketball referee .
General of Division count Nicolas - Marie Songis des Courbons died in Paris on 27 December 1810 , following a long illness .
Andrea Contarini was doge of Venice from 1367 to 1382 .
William Tharp ( November 27 , 1803 -- January 9 , 1865 ) was an American farmer and politician from Milford , in Kent County , Delaware .
Grete Meisel - Hess ( 18 April 1879 , Prague - 18 April 1922 , Berlin ) was an Austrian Jewish feminist , who wrote novels , short stories and essays about women 's need for sexual liberation .
Andrej Kmeť ( November 19 , 1841 , Szénásfalu , Kingdom of Hungary ( today Bzenica , Slovakia ) - February 16 , 1908 , Turócszentmárton ( today Martin , Slovakia ) ) was a Slovak botanist , ethnographer , archaeologist , and geologist .
Cayetano Ordóñez y Aguilera ( January 24 , 1904 , Ronda , Spain - October 30 , 1961 , Madrid , Spain ) is the patriarch of the Ordóñez family of bullfighters .
Milo Cipra ( born as Emil Cipra , 13 October 1906 , Vareš - 9 July 1985 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian composer , member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts ( since 1976 ) , dean of the Zagreb Music Academy ( 1961 - -1971 ) .
After his retirement as a player , Mircea David began his managerial career at FC Politehnica Iași .
Susan Strange ( June 9 , 1923 , Dorset -- October 25 , 1998 , Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire ) was a British scholar of international relations who was `` almost single - handedly responsible for creating international political economy '' .
Eberhard Schenk ( 17 July 1929 ; Schneidemühl ( now known as Piła , Poland ) -- 23 July 2010 , Bergen auf Rügen , Germany ) was a German Track and field athlete .
Jack Kirkland ( Born July 25 , 1902 in St. Louis , Missouri , died February 22 , 1969 in New York City ) was an American playwright , producer , director and screenwriter .
George Murray Kay ( 23 November 1905 -- 12 October 1991 ) was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Lambert Lombard ( c. 1505 -- August 1566 ) was a Renaissance painter , architect and theorist for the Prince - Bishopric of Liège .
Armando Frigo served in the Italian Army during the World War II . When Italy switched sides during the war , he joined the army and , in September 1943 he was captured by the Nazis near the town of Crkvice and shot to death .
William Hugh Smith ( April 28 , 1826 in Fayette County , Georgia -- January 1 , 1899 in Birmingham , Alabama ) was a planter and politician , the 21st Governor of the U.S. state of Alabama .
Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten ( 14 March 1706 , Wolmirstedt -- 4 July 1757 , Halle ) was a German Protestant theologian .
Jean - Robert Ipoustéguy ( January 6 , 1920 -- February 8 , 2006 ) , a French sculptor , was born `` Jean Robert '' in Dun - sur - Meuse .
Nicholas Lambrinides ( 1879 - 1962 ) was an American entrepreneur who built the Skyline Chili chain of chili restaurants based in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Stesichorus was born in Metauros ( modern Gioia Tauro ) in Calabria , Southern Italy in 630 BC and died in Katane ( modern Catania ) in Sicily in 555 BC . Some say that he came from Himera in Sicily , but that was due to him moving from Metauros to Himera later in life .
Hermanis Matisons ( also known as Herman Mattison ; 1894 , Riga -- 1932 ) was a Latvian chess player and one of world 's most highly regarded chess masters in the early 1930s .
Born in Paris in 1889 , Abel Gance was the illegitimate son of a prosperous doctor , Abel Flamant , and a working class mother , Françoise Péréthon ( or Perthon ) .
Koloman Sokol ( 12 December 1902 in Liptovský Mikuláš -- 12 January 2003 in Tucson , Arizona ) was one of the most prominent Slovak painters , graphic artists and illustrators .
Georgette Chen , born Chang Li Ying ( Chinese : 张荔英 ; pinyin : Zhāng LìYīng ) was a Singapore painter known for her Post - Impressionistic styled oil paintings at the turn of the 20th - century .
Alexander Nikolaevich Volkov ( Russian : Александр Николаевич Волков ; August 31 , 1886 , in Fergana -- December 17 , 1957 , in Tashkent ) was an avant - garde Russian painter and poet .
Meinrad Miltenberger ( December 6 , 1924 , Herdecke , Westphalia - September 10 , 1993 , Herdecke ) was a German sprint canoer who competed in the 1950s .
Laurent Dauthuille ( 20 February 1924 in Chaumont , Haute - Marne -- 10 July 1971 in Rueil - Malmaison ) was a French boxer .
Andreas Volanus ( Lithuanian : Andrius Volanas , Polish : Andrzej Wolan , 1530 in Poznań -- 1610 in Vilnius ) was a secretary to the Grand Duke of Lithuania and an eminent Calvinist theologian .
André Le Nôtre was born in Paris , into a family of gardeners .
Jorge Medina Vidal ( born 1925 in Montevideo ; died 2008 ) is a Uruguayan poet , educator and literary critic .
Matthew Hopper ( 17 January 1893 -- q1 1978 ) was an English footballer who made 82 appearances in the Football League playing for Millwall Athletic , Coventry City and Ashington .
Auguste Schmidt , full name , Friederike Wilhelmine Auguste Schmidt , ( 3 August 1833 , Breslau , then Germany now Poland -- 10 June 1902 , Leipzig , Germany ) was a pioneering German feminist , educator , journalist and women 's rights activist .
Moritz Brasch ( born in Zempelburg , Prussia , now Sępólno Krajeńskie , August 18 , 1843 ; died in Leipzig , September 14 , 1895 ) was a German philosopher and man of letters .
Stoycho Vassilev Breskovski ( Bulgarian : Стойчо Василев Бресковски ) ( December 25 , 1934 , Granit , Stara Zagora Province , Bulgaria -- January 15 , 2004 , Sofia , Bulgaria ) was a Bulgarian paleontologist .
Hein Heckroth ( 14 April 1901 in Gießen - 7 July 1970 in Amsterdam ) was a German art director of stage and film productions .
Iacopo IV Appiani ( 1459 -- April 10 , 1510 ) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Piombino of the Appiani dynasty in the Renaissance .
Edmund Heller was the director of the Washington Park Zoo in Milwaukee ( from 1928 to 1935 ) and the Fleishhacker Zoo in San Francisco ( from 1935 to 1939 ) .
Józef Maria Bocheński ( Czuszów , Congress Poland , Russian Empire , 30 August 1902 -- February 8 , 1995 , Fribourg , Switzerland ) was a Polish Dominican , logician and philosopher .
Jean - Baptiste de Machault d'Arnouville , comte d'Arnouville , seigneur de Garge et de Gonesse , was born in Paris on December 13 , 1701 , and died on July 12 , 1794 in a French Revolutionary prison .
Maria von Trapp died of heart failure on 28 March 1987 ( aged 82 ) , in Morrisville , Vermont , three days following surgery .
Francesco Maria Grimaldi ( 2 April 1618 -- 28 December 1663 ) was an Italian Jesuit priest , mathematician and physicist who taught at the Jesuit college in Bologna .
Louis Lewin ( born in Tuchel , West Prussia , 9 November 1850 ; died 1 December 1929 in Berlin ) was a German pharmacologist .
Philipp Frank ( March 20 , 1884 , Vienna , Austria - Hungary -- July 21 , 1966 , Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA ) was a physicist , mathematician and also an influential philosopher during the first half of the 20th century .
Charles Cottet ( 1863 - -1925 ) , French painter , was born at Le Puy - en - Velay and died in Paris .
Simón Iturri Patiño ( Santiváñez , 1 June 1862 -- Buenos Aires , 20 April 1947 ) was a Bolivian industrialist who was among the world 's wealthiest people at the time of his death .
John C. Champion ( October 13 , 1923 in Denver , Colorado , USA -- October 3 , 1994 in Tarzana , California , USA ) was an American producer and screenwriter .
Fernando Lopes - Graça , GOSE , GCIH ( Tomar , 17 December 1906 -- Parede , near Cascais , November 27 , 1994 ) was a Portuguese composer , conductor and musicologist .
Justina Morales ( February 19 , 1987 -- December 31 , 1995 ) was an American girl from the Bedford - Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn , New York , who was killed at the age of eight years by her mother 's boyfriend , Luis Santiago , on New Year 's Eve in 1995 .
Lothar Franz von Schönborn ( 4 October 1655 -- 30 January 1729 ) was the Archbishop - Elector of Mainz from 1694 to 1729 and the Bishop of Bamberg from 1693 to 1729 .
Adolf Martin Schlesinger ( 4 October 1769 -- 11 October 1838 ) was a German music publisher whose firm became one of the most influential in Berlin in the early nineteenth century .
Franz Botho Graef ( 12 October 1857 , Berlin -- 9 April 1917 , Königstein i m Taunus ) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian .
Rozalia Lubomirska ( September 16 , 1768 in Czernobyl -- June 29 , 1794 in Paris ) was a Polish noblewoman , most noted for her death .
Friedrich von Gerok ( 19 November 1786 in Weilheim - 2 July 1865 in Stuttgart ) was a German theologian .
Edwin `` Ed '' Wilkes ( June 18 , 1931 -- December 21 , 1998 ) , known professionally as Big Ed Wilkes , was a popular radio personality in Lubbock , Texas , who combined humor with hard news reporting on his own morning talk show on station KRFE ( 580 AM ) .
Giuseppe Vavassori ( June 29 , 1934 , Rivoli , Piedmont - November 21 , 1983 , Bologna ) was an Italian professional football player .
S. Roy Luby born Solomon Roy Luby on 8 August 1904 , New York City died 19 August 1976 in Los Angeles was an American animator , editor , and film director .
Hans Steffen Hoffman ( 20 July 1865 , in Fürstenwerder , Prussia -- 7 April 1937 , in Davos , Switzerland ) was a German geographer and explorer of Aysén Region in western Patagonia .
Constantin Dausch ( November 30 , 1841 in Waldsee , Württemberg - July 12 , 1908 in Rome ) was a German sculptor .
Mario Nuzzi , or Mario de ' Fiori ( 1603 in Penne , Province of Pescara--1673 in Rome ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active mainly in Rome .
Georgios Rallis was born on 26 December 1918 in the prestigious Kolonaki district of Athens .
Jens August Schade ( 10 January 1903 , Skive , Denmark - 11 November 1978 , Copenhagen ) was a Danish poet .
Giulio Ricordi ( 19 December 1840 in Milan -- 6 June 1912 in Milan ) was an Italian editor and musician who joined the family firm , the Casa Ricordi music publishing house , in 1863 , then run by his father , Tito , the son of the company 's founder Giovanni Ricordi .
Primo Nebiolo ( 14 July 1923 , Turin -- 7 November 1999 , Rome ) was an Italian sports official , best known as president of the worldwide athletics federation International Association of Athletics Federations .
Hedwig Conrad - Martius ( born in Berlin on 27 February 1888 ; died in Starnberg on 15 February 1966 ) was a German phenomenologist who became a Christian mystic .
Pilar López Júlvez ( 4 June 1912 , San Sebastián -- 25 March 2008 , Madrid ) was a Spanish choreographer and ballerina .
According to a transcript dating from 1304 , in 925 Æthelstan gave a charter of privileges to St Oswald 's Priory , Gloucester , where his aunt and uncle were buried , `` according to a pact of paternal piety which he formerly pledged with Æthelred , ealdorman of the people of the Mercians '' .
Harry Bruce Woolfe ( 1880 , Marylebone , London - 1965 , Brighton ) was an English film producer and occasional director who founded British Instructional Films .
Rosemary Goldie was born in Manly , New South Wales and raised by her maternal grandmother .
Josef Smrkovský ( 26 February 1911 -- 15 January 1974 ) was a Czechoslovak politician and a member of the Communist Party reform wing during the 1968 Prague Spring .
Luigi Andreoni or Luis Andreoni ( Vercelli , Italy , October 7 , 1853 -- Montevideo , May 20 , 1936 ) was an Italian engineer and architect of outstanding performance in Uruguay .
Louis Poinsot , Théorie nouvelle de la rotation des corps ( 1834 ) Louis was born in Paris on 3 January 1777 .
Jean - Joseph Mouret ( 11 April 1682 in Avignon -- 22 December 1738 in Charenton - le - Pont ) was a French composer whose dramatic works made him one of the leading exponents of Baroque music in his country .
Louis Paulsen ( 15 January 1833 in Gut Nassengrund near Blomberg , Principality of Lippe -- 18 August 1891 ) was a German chess player .
Heinrich Gottfried Ollendorff ( 1803 , Rawicz near Posen -- 3 April 1865 , Paris ) was a German grammarian and language educator .
Georg Witkowski ( September 11 , 1863 , Berlin - September 11 , 1939 , Amsterdam ) was a German literary historian .
Raja Digambar Mitra ( 1817 - 1879 ) was one of the leading Derozians and first Bengali Sheriff of Kolkata .
Antonije Znorić ( Vnorovy , Habsburg Monarchy , beginning of the 17th century -- Lugoj , Ottoman Empire September 21 , 1695 ) was a military officer ( colonel ) of the Habsburg army and the commander of the Serbian Militia during the Great Turkish War .
Born in 1870 in Péronne , Max Sainsaulieu was formed in architecture with Edmond Duthoit , Inspector of Historic Monuments in Algeria , before joining in 1891 the École Nationale Supérieure des Beaux - Arts in Paris .
Theodore Erasmus Hilgard ( 7 July 1790 Marnheim - 14 February 1873 Heidelberg ) was a lawyer , viticulturalist and Latin farmer .
Józef Brandt ( 1841 in Szczebrzeszyn -- 1915 in Radom ) was a Polish painter , best known for his paintings of battles .
Vincenzo Tiberio ( May 1 , 1869 -- January 7 , 1915 ) was an Italian researcher and medical officer of the Medical Corps of the Italian Navy and physician at the University of Naples .
Josef Oberhauser was born in Munich during World War I. He was the son of Melchior Oberhauser , and he grew up with his parents .
On 15 September 2013 , Jackie Lomax died after a short illness , on the Wirral Peninsula while staying in England for the wedding of his daughter .
Born in Paris , Germaine Lubin was soon taken to Cayenne in French Guiana where her father was a doctor , and from him she received her first piano lessons .
Władysław Szafer ( July 23 , 1886 - November 16 , 1970 ) was a Polish botanist , quaternary geologist and professor of botany at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków .
Born in South Pasadena , California to Everett Dale and Pauline S. Walker , Cheryl Walker won the 1938 Tournament of Roses pageant leading to a brief career as a model and the beginning of a brief film career .
Friedrich Panse ( born December 31 , 1899 in Essen -- died 6 December 1973 in Bochum ) was a German psychiatrist who was involved with the Nazi T-4 Euthanasia Program .
Fortunatus Hueber ( 21 November 1639 , Neustadt an der Donau - 12 February 1706 , Munich ) was a German Franciscan historian and theologian .
Scipion Dupleix , lord of Clarens ( Condom , 1569 -- Condom , 1661 ) , was a French historian .
Leonetto Cappiello ( 9 . April 1875 in Livorno , Italy -- 2 . February 1942 in Cannes , France ) was an Italian and French poster art designer who lived in Paris .
Pietro Chesi ( 24 November 1902 in Gambassi Terme - 15 August 1944 in Florence ) was an Italian cyclist .
Eduard Scotland ( 1885 - -1945 ) was a German architect active in Bremen .
Pete Henderson ( 18 February 1895 Arran , Ontario -- 19 June 1940 Los Angeles , California ) was a Canadian racecar driver .
Pierre Baste ( 21 November 1768 , Bordeaux - 29 January 1814 , Brienne - le - Château ) was a French admiral .
Joseph Urban ( May 26 , 1872 , Vienna -- July 10 , 1933 , New York City ) was an Austrian - American architect , illustrator and scenic designer .
Charles II de Croÿ ( 31 July 1522 -- Quiévrain , 24 June 1551 ) was Seigneur de Croÿ , 2nd Duke of Aarschot , 3rd Prince of Chimay and 3rd Count of Beaumont .
Baby Boy Warren ( August 13 , 1919 -- July 1 , 1977 ) was an American blues singer and guitarist who was a leading figure on the Detroit blues scene in the 1950s .
Donald S. Sanford died at a hospital in Atlanta , Georgia , on February 8 , 2011 , at the age of 92 .
Antonio Mancinelli ( 6 December 1452 - 1505 ) was a humanist pedagogue , grammarian , and rhetorician from Velletri who taught in Venice , Rome , and Orvieto .
Menyhért Palágyi , in German Melchior or Meinhert Palagyi ( 16 December 1859 , Paks , Hungary - 14 July 1924 , Darmstadt , Germany ) was a Hungarian philosopher , mathematician , and physicist of Jewish descent ( his original name was Silberstein ) .
Following the success of `` Infinity '' , Guru Josh moved to Ibiza , concentrating on art and running a promotions company .
Jean - Baptiste Paul Cabet ( 1 February 1815 , Nuits , Yonne -- 1876 , Paris ) , was a French sculptor .
Chan Sy died in a Moscow hospital , where he was being treated for a cardiac ailment , in December 1984 .
Mohammad Bagher Shafti ( 1761 in Charazeh - 22 March 1844 in Isfahan ) , also known as Rashti and Bidabadi , was an Iranian shia clergyman .
Raffaello Bertieri ( 1875 - -1941 ) was a publisher , graphic designer , and type designer from Florence , Italy .
Adam Georg von Agthe ( 12 August 1777 , Ahrensburg , now Kuressaare in Estonia - 26 August 1826 , Kremenchuk , now in Ukraine ) was a major general in the Imperial Russian Army during the Napoleonic Wars .
Magdaléna Štrompachová ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈmaɡdaleːna ˈʃtrompaxoʋaː ) ; née Magdolna Drescher , Budapest , September 23 , 1919 - Bratislava , November 17 , 1988 ) was a Hungarian - Slovak painter and restorer .
Dominique - François - Xavier Boisselot ( Montpellier , 3 December 1811 -- Paris , 8 April 1893 ) was a French composer and musical - instrument manufacturer .
Fritz von Unruh ( German : ( ˈʊnʀuː ) ; 10 May 1885 in Koblenz , Rhine Province -- 28 November 1970 in Diez an der Lahn ) was a German Expressionist dramatist , poet , and novelist .
Florence Li Tim - Oi ( Chinese : 李添嬡 Cantonese Lei Tim'oi , Mandarin Li Tian'ai ; 5 May 1907 in Hong Kong -- 26 February 1992 in Toronto ) was the first woman to be ordained to the priesthood in the Anglican Communion .
Frank Reys ( c.1931 - -1984 ) was the first , and to date , only Australian Aboriginal jockey to win the prestigious Melbourne Cup when , in 1973 , he rode to victory on Gala Supreme .
Julius Schoppe ( 27 January 1795 , Berlin - 30 March 1868 , Berlin ) was a German portrait , landscape , history and fresco painter in the Biedermeier style .
Adolf Černý ( 1864 - -1952 ) was a Czech poet and journalist , as well as professor of Slavic studies in Prague .
Paulinus Costa ( 19 October 1936 -- 3 January 2015 ) was Roman Catholic Archbishop of the archdiocese of Dhaka from 2005 until his retirement on October 22 , 2011 .
Hugo Richard Jüngst ( born 26 February 1853 in Dresden ; died 3 March 1923 ) was a German composer and choir - leader .
Tadeáš Hájek z Hájku ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtadeaːʃ ˈɦaːjɛk ˈzɦaːjku ) ) ( 1 December 1525 in Prague -- 1 September 1600 in Prague ) , also known as Tadeáš Hájek of Hájek , Thaddaeus Hagecius ab Hayek or Thaddeus Nemicus , was the personal physician of the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolph II and a Bohemian astronomer .
Andrea Dunbar ( 22 May 1961 - 20 December 1990 ) was a British playwright best known for The Arbor and Rita , Sue and Bob Too , an autobiographical drama about the sexual adventures of teenage girls living in a run - down part of Bradford , West Yorkshire .
Adélaïde Victoire Hall , called Adèle ( 11 May 1772 , in Paris -- 14 October 1844 , in Paris ) , was a Swedish - French artist and noble ( marquise ) .
Denis de Sallo , Sieur de la Coudraye ( 1626 - May 14 , 1669 ) was a French writer and lawyer from Paris , known as the founder of the first French literary and scientific journal - the Journal des sçavans ( later renamed Journal des savants ) .
John Henry Kirwan ( 9 February 1878 , County Wicklow , Ireland -- 9 January 1959 , London , UK ) , commonly referred to as John Kirwan or Jack Kirwan , is a former Irish footballer and coach .
Géza Képes ( February 1 , 1909 , Mátészalka , Hungary -- August 19 , 1989 , Budapest , Hungary ) was a Hungarian poet , translator and polyglot .
Moritz Kurt Dinter ( 10 June 1868 in Bautzen -- 16 December 1945 in Neukirch / Lausitz ) , was a German botanist and explorer in South West Africa .
Jean - Louis Scherrer ( 19 February 1935 , Paris -- 20 June 2013 , Paris ) was a Parisian fashion designer and couturier .
Jules Antoine Lissajous ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒyl ɑ̃twan lisaʒu ) ) ( March 4 , 1822 , Versailles -- June 24 , 1880 , Plombières - les - Bains ) was a French physicist , after whom Lissajous figures are named .
Claude Perrault ( 25 September 1613 -- 9 October 1688 ) was a French architect , best known for his participation in the design of the east facade of the Louvre in Paris .
Christian Leopold Bode ( born 11 March 1831 in Offenbach am Main , died 26 July 1906 in Frankfurt am Main ) was a German historical painter and graphic artist .
Stanislav Látal ( Samotišky , near Olomouc , 7 May 1919-Prague , 4 August 1994 ) was a Czech puppet - film maker and animator .
Michael Balling ( 27 August 1866 in Heidingsfeld , near Würzburg -- 1 September 1925 in Darmstadt ) was a German violist and conductor .
Saint Laura of Cordoba ( Spanish : Santa Laura de Córdoba ; died 864 ) was a Spanish Christian who lived in Muslim Spain during the 9th century .
Carl Gottfried Wilhelm Taubert ( Berlin , 23 March 1811 -- Berlin , 7 January 1891 ) was a German pianist , composer , and conductor , father of philologist and writer Emil Taubert .
John Tzetzes ( Greek : Ἰωάννης Τζέτζης ) ( c. 1110 , Constantinople -- 1180 , Constantinople ) was a Byzantine poet and grammarian , known to have lived at Constantinople during the 12th century .
Jean - André Rixens ( 30 November 1846 in Saint - Gaudens -- 21 February 1925 in Paris ) was a French painter and muralist , notable for his part in the decoration of the Capitole de Toulouse ( Salle des Illustres ) and of the Hôtel de ville de Paris ( Salon des Sciences ) .
Frances Rafferty died in 2004 in Paso Robles , California , just three months after the passing of her December Bride costar Dean Miller .
Adolf Ferdinand Wenceslaus Brix ( born February 20 , 1798 in Wesel , died February 14 , 1870 in Charlottenburg , Berlin ) was a German mathematician and engineer .
Marcel - Henri Gaussen ( 14 July 1891 in Cabrières - d'Aigues ( Vaucluse ) - 27 July 1981 in Toulouse ) , was a French botanist and biogeographer .
Michael Neher ( 1798 at Munich -- 1876 in Munich ) , the son of Joseph Neher , a citizen and painter of that city , but of a family from Biberach .
Milt Dunnell ( December 24 , 1905 -- January 3 , 2008 ) was a Canadian sportswriter , known chiefly for his work at the Toronto Star .
Emil Georg Bührle ( 31 August 1890 in Pforzheim -- November 26 , 1956 in Zürich ) was an arms manufacturer , art collector and patron .
Johann Friedrich Ruthe Ruthé or von Ruthe ( 16 April 1788 , in Eggenstädt near Hildesheim - 24 August 1859 Berlin ) was a German teacher ( Oberlehrer ) , botanist and entomologist .
Osyp Yuriy Fedkovych ( Ukrainian : О́сип Ю́рій Федько́вич , 8 August 1834 , Putyla - 11 January 1888 , Chernivtsi ) was a Ukrainian writer , poet , folklorist and translator .
Stanislav Vydra ( November 13 , 1741 in Hradec Králové -- December 2 , 1804 in Prague ) was a Bohemian Jesuit priest , writer , mathematician .
Paul Matthieu Hermann Laurent ( 2 September 1841 Luxembourg City -- 19 February 1908 Paris , France ) was a French mathematician .
Bruno Bauch ( German : ( baʊχ ) ; January 19 , 1877 , Groß - Nossen -- February 27 , 1942 , Jena ) was a German Neo - Kantian philosopher .
Andrea Di Giovanni y Centellés ( Messina , 3 February 1742 -- Catania , 10 June 1821 ) was an Italian nobleman and lieutenant of the Order of Saint John from 1814 until his death .
Miloslav Ištvan ( 2 September 1928 in Olomouc -- 26 January 1990 , in Brno ) was a Czech composer whose work was inspired by the works of Béla Bartók and by the orientation of the modal style of folk songs .
Johnny Moncada ( Rome , 1928 -- Rome 2011 ) was an Italian fashion photographer .
Olga Taussky - Todd ( August 30 , 1906 , Olomouc , Moravia -- October 7 , 1995 , Pasadena , California ) was an Austrian and later Czech - American mathematician .
Adriaen Foly ( 1664 , Copenhagen -- 1701 , Copenhagen ) , was a Danish painter .
Peter Ochs ( 20 August 1752 , Nantes , France - 19 June 1821 , Basel , Switzerland ) was a Swiss politician who is best known for drawing up the first constitution of the short - lived Helvetic Republic .
Freddie Kohlman ( August 25 , 1918 - September 29 , 1990 ) was an American jazz drummer , vocalist , and bandleader who was a native of New Orleans .
Julijans Vaivods ( 18 August 1895 in Vārkava , Latgale , Vitebsk Governorate -- 24 May 1990 in Riga , Soviet Union ) was the Apostolic Administrator of Riga and of Liepāja from 10 November 1964 to his death , and Cardinal Priest of Santi Quattro Coronati from 1983 to his death .
Pietro Scalvini ( 1718 - -1792 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque and Neoclassic period , active in Brescia .
Włodzimierz Wolski ( 9 October 1824 , Pultusk -- 29 July 1882 , Brussels ) was a Polish poet , novelist , translator , and librettist .
Friedrich Rupp was shot down on 15 May 1943 over the North Sea , he was posthumously promoted to Oberleutnant .
Ernst Lindenbauer ( 18 November 1881 Lichtenegg / Wels -- 22 April 1961 Vienna ) was Chief Rider from 1919 - 1950 at the Spanish Riding School in Vienna .
Karl von Krempler , later only Karl Krempler , ( 26 May 1896 , Pirot , Kingdom of Serbia -- 17 April 1971 , Salzburg , Austria ) was a senior SS Standartenführer and SS - und Polizeiführer during World War II responsible for recruiting Muslims from Bosnia and the Sanjak region into the Waffen SS .
Karl Theodor Gaedertz ( 8 January 1855 , Lübeck -- 8 July 1912 , Berlin ) was a German librarian and literary historian , best known for his writings on the Low German author Fritz Reuter .
Hinrich Nitsche ( 14 February 1845 , in Breslau -- 8 November 1902 , in Tharandt ) was a German zoologist .
Sir James Baddiley FRS FRSE ( 15 May 1918 , in Manchester -- 17 November 2008 , in Cambridge ) was a British biochemist .
Lajos Tihanyi ( 29 October 1885- 11 June 1938 ) was a Hungarian painter and lithographer who achieved international renown working outside his country , primarily in Paris , France .
Lee Wallard ( September 7 , 1910 Schenectady , New York -- November 29 , 1963 St. Petersburg , Florida ) was an American race car driver .
Pope Hyginus ( died c. 142 ) was the Bishop of Rome from c. 138 to c. 142 .
María del Carmen Mondragón Valseca , also known as `` Nahui Olin '' ( b. Tacubaya , today Mexico City , July 8 , 1893 -- d. Mexico City , January 23 , 1978 ) was a Mexican artist 's model , painter and poet .
Jo Ann Algermissen , née Hudson ( 27 August 1942 -- 20 November 2009 in Texas ) was a United States writer of contemporary romance novels , who also wrote under her maiden name Anna Hudson from 1983 to 1998 .
August Bebel died on 13 August 1913 of a heart attack during a visit to a sanatorium in Passugg , Switzerland .
Several buildings have been named in honor of Rustin , including the Bayard Rustin Educational Complex located in Chelsea , Manhattan ;
Antonio Braga ( 22 January 1929 -- 26 May 2009 in Naples ) was an Italian classical composer .
Gold Medalist and winner of the Chamber Music prize at the Seventh Van Cliburn International Piano Competition , José Feghali was an Artist - in - Residence at TCU 's School of Music in Fort Worth since 1990 .
Constantin Coandă ( 1857 , Craiova -- 1932 Bucharest ) was a Romanian soldier and politician .
Bernard Patrick Devlin , KC*HS , CMG , GMH ( 10 March 1921 , Youghal -- 15 December 2010 , Gibraltar ) was an Irish clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church .
Esteban Laureano Maradona ( born Esperanza , provincia de Santa Fe , Argentina 4 July 1895 -- died Rosario , Argentina January 14 , 1995 ) was a country doctor , naturalist , writer , and philanthropist .
Marie - Élisabeth Noblet ( 24 November 1801 , Paris -- September 1852 , Paris ) , known by her stage name of Lise Noblet , was a French ballet dancer .
Herbert J. Krapp ( 1887 , New York City , - 1973 , Florida ) was a theatre architect and designer in the early part of the twentieth century .
Heinz Ellenberg ( August 1 , 1913 in Harburg ( Elbe ) -- May 2 , 1997 in Göttingen ) was a German biologist , botanist and ecologist .
Edmund Pfleiderer ( October 12 , 1842 , Stetten i m Remstal ( now a part of Kernen , Baden - Württemberg ) -- April 3 , 1902 , Tübingen ) was a German philosopher and theologian .
Rudolf Sieczyński ( 1879 , Vienna -- 1952 , Vienna ) was an Austrian composer of Polish ancestry .
Edgar Jepson died on 11 April 1938 at his home in Hampstead .
Yvan Ducharme was a québécois actor ( born 24 August 1937 in Rouyn - Noranda , died 21 March 2013 in Laval , Quebec ) .
Archduchess Maria Josepha of Austria ( 19 March 1751 , in Vienna -- 15 October 1767 ) .
Annibale Gonzaga ( 1602 - Vienna , 2 August 1668 ) was commander of the city of Vienna , imperial field marshal and president of the Hofkriegsrat .
Ivan Morris died of cancer in Bologna , Italy , on 19 July 1976 .
Béla Czóbel ( 1883 - -1976 ) was a Hungarian painter , known for his association with The Eight in the early 20th century in Budapest .
Else Klink ( 23 October 1907 in Kabakada , Bismarck Archipelago to 18 October 1994 in Köngen , Germany ) was director of the Eurythmeum Stuttgart , the first training centre for Eurythmy founded by Marie Steiner in 1923 , from 1935 until 1991 .
Wolfgang Hilbig ( born in Meuselwitz on 31 August 1941 ; died in Berlin on 2 June 2007 ) was a German author and poet .
Raffaello Petrucci ( Siena , 1472 - Rome , 11 December 1522 ) was a Cardinal and Roman Catholic bishop .
Jan Kraeck ( 1540 , Haarlem -- 1607 , Turin ) , was a Dutch Renaissance painter who travelled to Italy and remained there .
Leopoldo Franchetti ( Livorno , May 31 , 1847 -- Rome , November 4 , 1917 ) , was an Italian publicist and politician .
Aloïs Boudry ( 12 August 1851 , Ypres - 27 November 1938 , Antwerp ) was a Belgian painter known for his portraits , still lifes and interiors .
Lucius Robinson ( November 4 , 1810 , Windham , New York -- March 23 , 1891 , Elmira , New York ) was an American lawyer and politician .
Jacob van Artevelde ( listen ; c. 1290 -- 17 or 24 July 1345 ) , also known as The Wise Man and the Brewer of Ghent , was a Flemish statesman and political leader .
Antonio Gherardi ( 20 September 1638 -- 10 May 1702 ) was an Italian painter , architect , and sculptor ( stuccoist ) of the Baroque style , active mainly in and near Rome and his native city of Rieti .
Marino Morosini ( 1181 in Venice -- January 1 , 1253 in Venice ) was the 44th doge of Venice .
Emil Haussmann ( 11 October 1910 in Ravensburg -- 31 July 1947 in Nuremberg ) was a German SS - Sturmbannführer , in Einsatzkommando 12 of Einsatzgruppe D , which perpetrated the Holocaust in occupied Ukraine .
Walter Trier ( 25 June 1890 , Prague -- 8 July 1951 Craigleith , near Collingwood , Ontario , Canada ) was an illustrator , best known for his work for the children 's books of Erich Kästner and the covers of the magazine Lilliput .
Necil Kazım Akses ( May 6 , 1908 , Istanbul -- February 16 , 1999 , Ankara , Turkey ) was a Turkish classical composer .
Maurizio Maraviglia ( 15 January 1878 , Paola , Calabria - 26 September 1955 , Rome ) was an Italian politician and academic .
Rudolf Beran ( 28 December 1887 , Pracejovice , Strakonice District -- 23 April 1954 , Leopoldov Prison ) was a Czechoslovak politician who served as prime minister of the country before its occupation by Nazi Germany and shortly thereafter , before it was declared a protectorate .
Heinrich Gärtner ( 1828 Neustrelitz - 1909 Dresden ) was a German landscape painter .
Constantine Walter Benson OBE ( England , 2 February 1909 -- Cambridge , England , 21 September 1982 ) was a British ornithologist and author of over 350 publications .
Inge Wersin - Lantschner , née Inge Lantschner ( 26 January 1905 in Innsbruck -- 16 June 1997 in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian alpine skier and world champion .
Charles - François Toustain ( born at Repas in the diocese of Séez , France , 13 October 1700 , died at Saint - Denis , 1 July 1754 ) was a French historian and Benedictine , member of the Congregation of St - Maur .
Ahmet Zeki Soydemir ( 1883 ; Salonica ( Thessaloniki ) - Sep 4 , 1954 ; Istanbul ) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army .
Côme - Damien Degland ( 6 September 1787 - 1 July 1856 , Lille ) was a French physician and zoologist .
Manuel Delgado Villegas died on February 2 , 1998 at the Hospital Can Ruti in Badalona as a result of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
Václav Morávek ( August 8 , 1904 , Kolín - March 21 , 1942 , Prague ) was Czechoslovak Brigadier General and national hero , one of best known personalities of Czech antinazi rezistance and member of famous resistance group called Three Kings .
George Henry Loskiel ( Latvian : Georgs Heinrihs Loskīls ; German : Georg Heinrich Loskiel ) ( 7 November 1740 in Rinda , Latvia -- 23 February 1814 in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania ) was presiding bishop of the northern district of the American province of the Moravian Church ( 1802 - -1811 ) .
Tatyana Pavlovna Ehrenfest , later van Aardenne - Ehrenfest , ( Vienna , October 28 , 1905 -- Dordrecht , November 29 , 1984 ) was a Dutch mathematician .
Albert Suerbeer ( ca . 1200 -- 1273 ) was the first Archbishop of Riga in Livonia .
Louis Joseph Sanson ( 24 January 1790 , Paris - 2 August 1841 , Paris ) was a French surgeon and ophthalmologist .
Félix Lévitan ( b. Paris , 12 October 1911 - - d. Cannes 18 February 2007 ) was the third organiser of the Tour de France , a role he shared for much of the time with Jacques Goddet .
Oberfeldwebel ( flight sergeant ) Maximilian Volke ( Munich , Germany , 1915 -- Modena , Italy , 9 September 1944 ) was a German 37-victory fighter ace of the Luftwaffe 's Jagdgeschwader 77 .
Julie von Webenau née Baroni - Cavalcabò , ( 16 October 1813 , Lemberg -- 2 July 1887 , Graz ) , was a German - Austrian composer .
Joseph André ( 14 March 1908 -- 1 June 1973 ) was a Catholic priest of the diocese of Namur , Belgium .
Mordechaj Tenenbaum ( מרדכי טענענבוים ) ( born 1916 in Warsaw -- 20 August 1943 in Białystok , Poland ) was a member of the Żydowska Organizacja Bojowa ( Jewish Fighting Organization ) and a leader of the Białystok Ghetto Uprising .
Giuseppe Ottavio Pitoni ( Rieti , 18 March 1657 -- Rome , 1 February 1743 ) was an organist and composer from Perugia , Italy .
Antony van der Does ( alternate spellings of first name : Anthony and Antonie ) ( Antwerp , 1609 -- Antwerp , 1680 ) was a Flemish engraver and print maker .
Eduard Kaiser ( 22 February 1820 in Graz -- 30 August 1895 in Vienna ) was an Austrian painter and lithographer , as was his brother Alexander Kaiser ( 1819 - -1872 ) .
Hanuš Wihan was born in Police nad Metují and studied with František Hegenbarth ( 1881 - -87 ) at the Prague Conservatory from the age of 13 , finishing his studies with Karl Davydov at the St. Petersburg Conservatory .
James Brockway ( 21 October 1916 -- 15 December 2000 ) was an English poet and translator , who was born in Birmingham and migrated to The Hague , the Netherlands , where he died .
László Szollás ( November 13 , 1907 , in Budapest , Hungary -- October 4 , 1980 ) was a Hungarian pair skater .
Saint Juan de Ribera was born in the city of Seville , Spain , on 20 March 1532 and died in Valencia on 6 January 1611 .
Augusto Rivalta ( 1835 or 1838 -- April 14 , 1925 in Florence ) was an Italian sculptor .
Joachim Wandel was killed on 7 October 1942 when he was shot down and crashed near Oschtaschkow , Russia .
Peter Gilmore died in London on 3 February 2013 , aged 81 .
Vicente Filisola ( sometimes Vicente Filísola , with an acute accent on the second syllable ) ( c. 1789 , Ravello , Italy -- July 23 , 1850 , Mexico City ) was a Spanish military figure , Mexican military and political figure in the 19th century .
Otakar Ostrčil ( 25 February 1879 in Prague -- 20 August 1935 in Prague ) was a Czech composer and conductor .
Princess Wilhelmina Caroline of Denmark ( Danish : Vilhelmina Karoline , German : Wilhelmina Karolina ) ( 10 July 1747 in Christiansborg Palace , Copenhagen -- 14 January 1820 in Kassel , was the Electress of Hesse - Kassel .
Leopold Freiherr von Hauer ( born 26 January 1854 in Budapest , Hungary , died on 3 May 1933 , in Budapest ) was a Colonel General in the Austro - Hungarian Army .
Manuel Silvela y García de Aragón ( 31 October 1781 , Valladolid- 9 May 1832 , Paris ) was a Spanish writer , lawyer and magistrate .
Isidora Sekulić , Književni pogledi Isidore Sekulić ( The Literary Views of Isidora Sekulić ) Belgrade , Prosveta , 1986 .
Louis Hippolyte Marie Nouet ( born September 5 , 1844 in Quimper - died February , 15 1933 in Vannes ) was Governor General for Inde française in the Second French Colonial Empire under Third Republic .
Richard Coke ( March 18 , 1829 -- May 14 , 1897 ) was an American lawyer , farmer , and statesman from Waco , Texas .
Carlo Donelli ( Milan , 1661 - -1715 ) was an Italian painter , known as Vimercati .
Petre Mihai Bănărescu ( born 15 September 1921 in Craiova , Dolj County -- died 12 May 2009 in Bucharest ) was a Romanian ichthyologist .
Constantin Vișoianu ( born February 4 , 1897 in Urlaţi , Prahova County , Romania - died January 4 , 1994 in Washington , D.C. , United States ) was a Romanian jurist , diplomat and politician .
On the restoration of King Charles II , Daniel Blagrave fled the country and settled at Aachen , in what is now Germany , where he died in 1668 .
John Robichaux , sometimes Robechaux ( January 16 , 1866 , Thibodaux , Louisiana -- 1939 , New Orleans ) , was an American jazz bandleader , drummer , and violinist .
Manuel Palau Boix ( 1893 - 1967 ) was a Spanish composer and teacher in Valencia Conservatory .
Jacob Knaani ( Kishenev , 1894-Jerusalem , 1978 ) was a Moldavian born , later Israeli , lexicographer .
William Brenton ( c. 1610 - -1674 ) was a colonial President , Deputy Governor , and Governor of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , and an early settler of Portsmouth and Newport in the Rhode Island colony .
Reinhold Strassmann ( or Straßmann ) ( 24 January 1893 in Berlin -- late October 1944 in Auschwitz concentration camp ) was a German mathematician who proved Strassmann 's theorem .
Jean - Baptiste Eugène Bellier de la Chavignerie ( 28 January , 1844 , Chartres-25 September 1888 , Évreux ) was a French entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera .
Mieczysław Krawicz ( 1893 - -1944 ) was a Polish film director from Warsaw .
In early June , 1913 , Robert Ridgway and his wife Julia ( `` Evvie '' ) moved to Olney , Illinois , to reduce physical and mental stress so that he might complete The Birds of North and Middle America , of which five of eight parts had already appeared .
Kaucsár József ( in Hungarian , his nationality ) or Iosif Kaucsar ( in Romanian ) , known in France as Joseph Kaucsar ( 20 September 1904 -- 1986 ) was a Hungarian ( born in Romania)-French footballer who played for SO Montpellier and the France national team .
Nawab Khair Bakhsh Marri died at a Karachi hospital on June 2014 after long illness .
Jafar al - Javad Khan Ziyad oghlu Qajar ( c. 1748 -- 1804 ) was the last khan of Ganja khanate from 1786 to 1804 .
James Hillhouse ( October 20 , 1754 -- December 29 , 1832 ) was an American lawyer , real estate developer , and politician from New Haven , Connecticut .
Giuseppe Levi ( October 14 , 1872 -- February 3 , 1965 ) was an Italian anatomist and histologist , professor of human anatomy ( since 1916 ) at the universities of Sassari , Palermo and Turin .
Marga Petersen ( September 18 , 1919 in Bremen -- September 22 , 2002 in Ottersberg ) was a German athlete who competed mainly in the sprints .
Rear Admiral Charles E. Vreeland died in Atlantic City , New Jersey after a brief retirement marked by illness .
John Manners , 1st Duke of Rutland and 9th Earl of Rutland ( 29 May 1638 in Boughton -- 10 January 1711 in Belvoir Castle ) was a British MP , and Whig politician .
Alexander Dahl ( November 29 , 1892 in Barmen -- December 15 , 1978 in Wuppertal ) was a German industrialist , author and balloonist .
Li Ching - Yuen was born at an uncertain date ( see § Longevity below ) in Qijiang Xian , Sichuan , Qing Empire .
Franz Friedrich von Sturmfeder ( 11 December 1758 , Mannheim -- 26 February 1828 , Augsburg ) was a German Roman Catholic priest .
Theodor Georg Knorr ( October 19 , 1859 in Ruda bei Neumark , West Prussia -- April 15 , 1911 in Davos , Switzerland ) , was an engineer and entrepreneur on the field of railroad technology and founder of the company Knorr - Bremse .
John Letcher was born in the town of Lexington in Rockbridge County , Virginia .
Périclès Pantazis ( Greek : Περικλής Πανταζής , Periklis Pantazis ; 13 March 1849 , Athens -- 25 January 1884 , Brussels ) was a major Greek impressionist painter of the 19th century who gained a great reputation as an artist initially in Belgium .
Frank J. Corr ( Brooklyn , New York January 12 , 1877 -- June 3 , 1934 in Chicago , Illinois ) served as acting mayor of Chicago , Illinois in 1933 , following the assassination of Anton Cermak .
Ayhan Işık ( 5 May 1929 İzmir - 16 June 1979 Istanbul ) was one of the pioneers of the `` filmmakers cinema ' and film actor in Turkey , the most loved Turkish leading actor in the 1950s and 1960s .
Johannes Engelmann ( 7 July ( O.S. 25 June ) 1832 in Mitau , Courland ( now Jelgava , Latvia ) -- 17 September ( O.S. 4 September ) 1912 in Dorpat , Livonia ( now Tartu , Estonia ) ) was a Baltic German jurist .
William McGregor Paxton ( June 22 , 1869 -- 1941 ) was an American painter and instructor who embraced the Boston School paradigm and was a co - founder of The Guild of Boston Artists .
Johann Ludwig Knoop ( 15 May 1821 in Bremen - 14 August 1894 in Bremen ) was a cotton merchant and entrepreneur from the city - state Free Hanseatic City of Bremen , who became one of the richest entrepreneurs in his time .
Diego Hurtado de Mendoza y de la Cerda ( c. 1500 -- Madrid , March 19 , 1578 ) , Duke of Francavilla and Prince of Melito , was a Spanish nobleman .
Govert - Marinus Augustijn ( Bergen op Zoom , 27 October 1871 -- Hilversum , 26 May 1963 ) was a Dutch potter in the style of the Art Nouveau .
Muriel Byck ( 4 June 1918 , Ealing , London , England , UK -- 23 May 1944 , Romorantin , France ) was a heroine of the Special Operations Executive ( SOE ) during World War II .
Eli B. Ames ( August 3 , 1820 -- February 12 , 1897 ) was a lawyer , postmaster , judge , and Democratic politician who served as the fourth mayor of Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Willy Moog ( also : Wilhelm or Willi Moog ; born 22 January 1888 in Neuengronau ( community of Sinntal ) -- 24 October 1935 in Braunschweig ) was a German philosopher and educator .
Franco Levi ( September 20 , 1914 in Turin -- January 10 , 2009 ) was an Italian engineer .
On his passing in 1946 in Neuilly - sur - Seine , he was interred in the cemetery of his birthplace in Toulon where there is the Cinéma Raimu Toulon named in his honor .
Kintpuash , also known as Captain Jack ( c.1837 -- October 3 , 1873 ) , was a chief of the Modoc tribe of California and Oregon .
Bruno Catarzi ( January 5 , 1903 in Signa -- January 21 , 1996 in Florence ) was an Italian sculptor and engraver .
Arifin Chairin Noer , commonly known as Arifin C. Noer ( born 10 March 1941 in Cirebon , West Java and died in Jakarta , Indonesia on 28 May 1995 ) was an Indonesian poet , theater director and highly successful film producer .
Avram Mrazović ( Serbian : Аврам Мразовић ; 12 March 1756 , Sombor - 20 February 1826 , Sombor ) was a Serbian writer , translator , pedagogue , aristocrat and Senator of the Free Royal City of Sombor , part of the Military Frontier of the Austro - Hungarian Empire .
Harry Johnston suffered two strokes in 1925 , from which he became partially paralysed and never recovered , dying two years later in 1927 at Woodsetts House near Worksop in Nottinghamshire .
Léon Houa ( 8 November 1867 -- 31 January 1918 ) was a Belgian road bicycle racer famous for winning the first three editions of Liège--
Afanasy Grigorievich Grigoriev ( Russian : Афанасий Григорьевич Григорьев ) ( January 21 , 1782 - May 13 , 1868 ) was a Russian Neoclassical architect , who worked in Moscow and its suburbs .
Abbé Dominique Peyramale ( 9 January 1811 -- 8 September 1877 ) was a Catholic priest in the town of Lourdes in France during the apparitions of Our Lady of Lourdes to the peasant girl Bernadette Soubirous in 1858 .
John Stewart , 3rd Earl of Lennox ( c. 1490 - 4 September 1526 , Linlithgow , West Lothian ) was a prominent Scottish magnate .
As with his grandfather 's anvil prominently displayed to introduce visitors to his 2002 retrospective exhibition at the Design Museum in Helsinki , Timo Sarpaneva narrated his family heritage as that of craftsmen .
Oberstleutnant ( lieutenant colonel ) Hellmut von der Chevallerie began World War II as Adjutant to the general staff of XII . Army Corps under Army Group C in Wiesbaden , where he had been posted since 6 October 1936 .
Joseph Chabanceau de La Barre ( 21 May 1633 , in Paris -- 6 May 1678 , in Paris ) was a French composer , notably of the air de cour .
Karel Benedík ( 6 November 1923 in Kozojídky - 17 January 1997 in Veselí nad Moravou ) was a Czech painter and restorer .
Orazio Vecchi ( December 6 , 1550 ( baptized ) in Modena -- February 19 , 1605 ) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance .
Francis Barton Gummere ( b. Burlington , New Jersey March 6 , 1855 - d. Haverford , Pennsylvania May 30 , 1919 ) was an influential scholar of folklore and ancient languages , a student of Francis James Child .
Mikk Mikiver ( 4 September 1937 in Tallinn , Estonia -- 9 January 2006 in Võsu , Estonia ) was a prominent Estonian stage and film actor and theater director .
Jean - Jacques de Boissieu ( Lyon November 30 , 1736 -- March 1 , 1810 Lyon ) was a French draughtsman , etcher and engraver Boissieu was born at Lyon , and studied at the École Gratuite de Dessin in his home town , but was mostly self - taught .
Leon Brittan was born in London , the son of Rebecca ( Lipetz ) and Joseph Brittan , a doctor .
Hakim Abdul Aziz was born into a family of Kashmiri migrants , and is regarded as the founder of the Lucknow tradition in Unani medicine .
Mohamed Benameur ( born December 4 , 1959 - died December 30 , 2010 in Algiers ) was an Algerian football player .
Truman Linden Chiles ( born March 22 , 1933 , St. Louis , Missouri - died May 15 , 2013 , Topanga , California ) was an American character actor known for his recurring roles on three network television series :
Ernst Käsemann ( Bochum , 12 July 1906 -- Tübingen , 17 February 1998 ) was a Lutheran theologian and professor of New Testament in Mainz ( 1946 - -1951 ) , Göttingen ( 1951 - -1959 ) and Tübingen ( 1959 - -1971 ) .
Luigi Lablache was born in Naples , the son of Nicolas Lablache , a merchant from Marseille , France , by an Irish lady .
Born in East Coburg , Victoria Lenton Parr spent eight years in the Royal Australian Air Force before enrolling to study sculpture at the Royal Melbourne Technical College ( now RMIT University ) , then worked in England 1955 - -57 as an assistant to Henry Moore .
Lodewijk Mortelmans ( 5 February 1868 , Antwerp -- 24 June 1952 , ibid ) was a Belgian composer and conductor of Flemish ancestry .
Pasquale Rizzoli ( born 9 April 1871 , Bologna ) was an Italian sculptor .
Francesco Zoppis ( Venice , 1715 - after 1781 ) was an Italian composer .
Wilhelm Hasenclever ( 19 April 1837 , in Arnsberg , Westphalia Province -- 3 July 1889 , in Berlin - Schöneberg ) was a German politician .
Louis Marcoussis , formerly Ludwik Kazimierz Wladyslaw Markus or Ludwig Casimir Ladislas Markus , ( 1878 or 1883 , Łódź -- October 22 , 1941 , Cusset ) was a painter and engraver of Polish origin who lived in Paris for much of his life and became a French citizen .
Majd - al - Din Mir - faḵrāʾi ( Persian : مجدالدین میرفخرایی‎‎ January 1 , 1910 in Rasht - December 20 , 1972 in London ) was an Iranian poet , who better known by his pen name Golchin Gilani ( Persian : گلچین گیلانی‎‎ ) .
Frédéric Rimbaud , born 7 October 1814 in Dole , and died 16 November 1878 in Dijon , was a French infantry officer .
Pierre Dreyfus ( November 18 , 1907 , Paris -- December 25 , 1994 , Paris ) was a high flying French civil servant who in 1955 became a top businessman .
Arthur Hazel ( August 15 , 1903 , Harvey , Louisiana - March 5 , 1968 , New Orleans , Louisiana ) , better known as Monk Hazel , was a jazz drummer .
Karl Karmarsch ( October 17 , 1803 , Vienna -- March 24 , 1879 , Hanover ) was an Austrian - born ( since 1830 ) German educator , founding director of the Polytechnic School in Hanover , later to become the University of Hannover .
Simon Channing Williams died aged 63 , on 11 April 2009 in Cornwall , five years after being diagnosed with cancer .
Karl Stieler ( December 15 , 1842 in Munich , Germany -- April 12 , 1885 in Munich ) was a German lawyer and author .
Gerhard Bienert was born in Berlin , German and died in Berlin in 1986 at age 88 .
Roberto Bussinello ( 4 October 1927 in Pistoia -- 24 August 1999 in Vicenza ) was a racing driver from Italy .
Maurice Béjart ( French : ( beʒaʁ ) ; 1 January 1927 -- 22 November 2007 ) was a French - born dancer , choreographer and opera director who ran the Béjart Ballet Lausanne in Switzerland .
James Graham Brown ( August 18 , 1881 -- March 20 , 1969 ) was an American businessman and real estate developer best known as the builder of the Brown Hotel in Louisville , Kentucky and for his philanthropy .
Gottlieb Adelbert Delbrück ( born January 16 , 1822 in Magdeburg ; died May 26 , 1890 in Kreuzlingen ) was a German banker and businessman .
Gottfried Schenker ( 14 February 1842 in Däniken , Canton of Solothurn , Switzerland - 26 November 1901 in Vienna ) was the founder of Schenker AG . At the age of 30 , Schenker together with two partners founded the freight forwarding company Schenker & Co on 1 July 1872 in Vienna .
Filippa Duci ( French - Philippa Desducs ; 1520 , Moncalieri , Piedmont - before October 1586 , near Tours ) , dame de Couy , was a Piedmontese courtesan .
Valda Valkyrien moved to the West Coast where she lived until her death in Los Angeles in 1956 after a lengthy illness .
Harry Revier died in Winter Park , Florida , in 1957 at age 67 .
Bernardo Castello ( or Castelli ) ( 1557 - -1629 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Mannerist style , active mainly in Genoa and Liguria .
Jorge Ibargüengoitia Antillón ( born January 22 , 1928 in Guanajuato , Mexico ; died November 27 , 1983 in Mejorada del Campo , Madrid , Spain ) was a Mexican novelist and playwright who achieved great popular ( though not always critical ) success with his satires , three of which have appeared in English :
Louis Édouard Gourdan de Fromentel ( 29 August 1824 , Champlitte -- 6 April 1901 , Bouhans - et - Feurg ) was a French physician and paleontologist known for his study of fossil coral polyps and sponges .
William Henry O'Swald ( August 23 , 1832 , Blankenese -- May 7 , 1923 , Hamburg ) was a Hamburg overseas merchant and Senator .
Prochoros Kydones ( Greek : Πρόχορος Κυδώνης ; Thessalonica , c. 1330 -- Mount Athos , c. 1369 ) , Latinized as Prochorus Cydones or Prochorus Cydonius was an Eastern Orthodox monk , theologian , and linguist .
Balakishi Arablinski Alibey oglu ( Azerbaijani : Balakişi Ərəblinski Əlibəy oğlu ; 1828 , Zaqatala - 1902 , Derbent ) was an Lezgin general in the Russian Imperial Army .
Josef Vlastimil Burian , better known as Vlasta Burian , ( 9 April 1891 , Liberec -- 31 January 1962 , Prague ) was a Czech stage and film actor , singer , comedian , footballer and film director .
Nitzan Shirazi ( Hebrew : ניצן שירזי‎‎ , 21 July 1971 -- 22 July 2014 ) was an Israeli association football player and the manager of Hapoel Tel Aviv .
Valeriu Lazarov or Valerio Lazarov ( born December 20 , 1935 , Bârlad , Romania -- died August 11 , 2009 , Madrid , Spain ) was a Romanian - born television producer and director of Spanish Channel , Telecinco between 1985 - -1994 .
Tõnis Kint ( 17 August ( O.S. 5 August ) 1896 in Taevere , Viljandi County , Estonia -- 5 January 1991 Örnsköldsvik , Sweden ) was an Estonian politician .
Václav Benda ( August 8 , 1946 , Prague -- June 2 , 1999 ) was a Czech political activist and mathematician .
Samuel Aitken ( born 1879 in Ayr , Scotland ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Middlesbrough .
Bekir Sami Kunduh ( Ossetian : Къуындыхаты Муссæйы фырт Бечыр ; 1867 Saniba , Ossetia - January 16 , 1933 Istanbul ) was a Turkish politician of Ossetian origin .
Anastasio Fontebuoni ( also spelt Anastazio Fontebuoni , or Anastagio Fontebuoni ) ( 1571 - -1626 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque , native of Florence .
August Wilhelm Eberhard Christoph Wibel ( 1775 , Emsbach near Öhringen -- 1814 , Wertheim am Main ) was a German physician and botanist .
Joseph Storey died suddenly on his way in to work from his summer cottage in Rondeau Provincial Park in 1975 at the age of 52 .
Florestano Vancini ( Ferrara , 24 August 1926 - Rome , 18 September 2008 ) was an Italian film director and screenwriter .
George Calderon was killed at Gallipoli on 4 June 1915 .
He was born in Mechelen some time between 1580 and 1600 as the son of Gommaert van der Gracht ( died in 1603 ) and An Darts .
Otto Bernheimer , born 1877 in Munich , was the son of a supplier to the royal Bavarian court Lehmann Bernheimer ( 1841 - 1918 ) , who started the trading business in Munich in 1864 .
Michael Balint ( Hungarian : Bálint Mihály , pronounced ( ˈbaːlint ˈmihaːj ) ; 3 December 1896 in Budapest -- 31 December 1970 in London ) was a Hungarian psychoanalyst who spent most of his adult life in England .
Pagu was arrested in 1931 by participating in a harbor workers ' strike in Santos , the first in a series of 23 detentions in her life .
Giuseppe Beviacqua ( 28 October 1914 in Savona -- 19 August 1999 in Savona ) is a former Italian long distance runner .
Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock was a famous hunter and trapper of Potter County , Pennsylvania .
Adrian Mitchell was born near Hampstead Heath , North London .
Jenő Barcsay ( January 14 , 1900 , Katona ( Romanian : Cătina , Cluj ) , Kolozs County Transylvania , Austria -- Hungary - April 2 , 1988 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian painter .
August Schirmer ( born 16 June 1905 in Celle ; died 30 October 1948 in Celle ) was a German architect , engineer , elected member of the Reichstag , Central Office Manager in the Amt Rosenberg .
January Suchodolski died in Bojmie ( near Siedlce ) on March 20 , 1875 .
Julius Brandt ( 5 March 1873 in Olmütz -- 26 December 1949 in Vienna ) was an Austrian stage and film actor .
George M. Brown ( 1864 - -1934 ) was an American attorney and judge in the state of Oregon .
Carlo Guasco was born in Solero , a small town in the Piedmont region of Italy .
Moritz Traube ( 12 February 1826 , Ratibor , Province of Silesia , Prussia ( now Racibórz , Poland ) -- 28 June 1894 , Berlin , German Empire ) was a German chemist ( physiological chemistry ) and universal private scholar .
Norris Turney ( September 8 , 1921 , Wilmington , Ohio -- January 17 , 2001 , Kettering , Ohio ) was an American jazz flautist and saxophonist .
William Abbenseth ( 1898 - -1972 ) was an American photographer known for his black and white photographs of San Francisco architecture .
Giovanni Stradano or Jan Van der Straet or van der Straat or Stradanus or Stratensis ( 1523 -- 11 February 1605 ) was a Flanders - born mannerist artist active mainly in 16th century Florence .
Gonzalo de Sandoval ( 1497 , Medellín , Spain -- late in 1528 , Palos de la Frontera , Spain ) was a Spanish conquistador in New Spain ( Mexico ) and briefly co - governor of the colony while Hernán Cortés was away from the capital ( March 2 , 1527 to August 22 , 1527 ) .
Friedrich Dehnhardt ( 22 September 1787 , Buhle nr Göttingen - 1 May 1870 , Naples ) was chief gardener of `` L'Hortus Camaldulensis di Napoli '' , or the Camaldoli gardens in Naples belonging to Francesco Ricciardi , Count of Camaldoli .
Domenico Morone ( c. 1442 -- 1518 ) was an Italian painter from Verona , painting in an early Renaissance style .
Joseph René Bellot ( March 18 , 1826 -- August 18 , 1853 ) was a French Arctic explorer .
Angelo Vassallo ( 22 September 1953 -- 5 September 2010 ) was an Italian politician who served as the Mayor of Pollica .
Sardar Shah Mahmud Khan ( Pashto : سردار شاه محمود خان‎ - b:1890 d : 27 December 1959 ) was the Prime Minister of Afghanistan from May 1946 to 7 September 1953 .
Louis Marcus ( 9 January 1880 Brooklyn -- 6 July 1936 Salt Lake City ) was , from 1931 to 1936 , the mayor of Salt Lake City , the capital of Utah , and was also a prominent Idaho and Utah theater operator .
Gerda Boyesen ( born May 18 , 1922 in Bergen , Norway , died December 29 , 2005 in London ) was the founder of Biodynamic Psychology , a branch of Body Psychotherapy .
Christophe Dupouey ( 8 August 1968 in Tarbes -- 4 February 2009 in Tarbes ) was a French mountain biker .
William Chetwood ( June 17 , 1771 in Elizabeth , New Jersey -- December 17 , 1857 in Elizabeth ) was a U.S. Representative from New Jersey .
Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein , also known as Goethe - Tischbein ( 15 February 1751 , Haina -- 26 February 1828 , Eutin ) , was a German painter ; born into a family of artists .
Marcu Beza ( June 30 , 1882 in Kleisoura , Ottoman Empire -- May 6 , 1949 in Bucharest , Romania ) was a Romanian poet , writer , essayist , literary critique , publicist , folklorist , and diplomat of Aromanian origin .
A roundabout in the 20th arrondissement of Paris was given the name Place Henri Krasucki in his honor on 23 June 2005 .
Marvin Minoff died at his home in Los Angeles on November 11 , 2009 , at the age of 78 .
On June 14 , 1995 , Jack Chertok died at the age of 88 in Los Angeles , California .
Juan Francisco Giró ( 3 June 1791 , Montevideo -- 8 May 1863 ) was a Uruguayan politician and the President of Uruguay from 1852 until 1853 .
Carlo Francesco Gabba ( April 14 , 1835 in Lodi - February 18 , 1920 in Turin ) was an Italian jurist and professor at the University of Pisa who has received several awards and titles .
After retiring in 1914 Arthur Spear ran a pub , the Golden Fleece , in Bath where he died in 1946 .
Justus van Egmont or Joost van Egmont ( Leiden , 1602 -- Antwerp , 8 January 1674 ) was a painter and a tapestry designer .
Johann Schöning ( 1458 - -1502 ) ( also Schonynk ) was mayor of Riga in the 1460s .
Richard Ettinghausen ( 1906 , Frankfurt am Main , Germany - April 2 , 1979 , Princeton , New Jersey ) was a historian of Islamic art and chief curator of the Freer Gallery .
Arvo Ojala ( February 21 , 1920 in Seattle , Washington -- July 1 , 2005 in Gresham , Oregon ) was a Hollywood technical advisor on the subject of quick - draw with a revolver .
François Dieussart ( also Frans ; Armentières , c. 1600 -- London , 1661 ) was a Flemish - Walloon sculptor who worked for court patrons in England and northern Europe , producing portrait busts in the Italianate manner .
Karel Javůrek ( 30 July 1815 , Prague - 23 March 1909 , Prague ) was a Czech history painter .
Louis Noël ( ne : Hubert Louis - Noël ; Saint - Omer , April 1 , 1839 - Paris , 1925 ) was a French sculptor .
Johannes Zwick ( c.1496 in Konstanz -- 1542 in Bischofszell ) was a German Reformer and hymnwriter .
Christian Gottlob Hammer , baptized as Gottlieb , ( 18 July 1779 , Dresden , Saxony -- 7 February 1864 , Dresden ) , was an influential German landscape painter and engraver .
Giovanni Vasanzio or Jan van Santen ( c.1550 - -1621 ) was a Dutch - born architect , garden designer and engraver who spent his mature career in Rome , where he arrived in the 1580s .
Mattheus Le Maistre or Matthaeus Le Maistre ( c. 1505 - -1577 ) was a Flemish Renaissance choirmaster and composer who is best known for his time in Dresden .
Sigmund Widmer ( born 30 July 1919 in Zürich , died 11 August 2003 in Visp ) was a Swiss historian , writer and LdU politician who served as mayor of the city of Zürich .
Étienne Jeaurat ( 9 February 1699 , Vermenton -- 14 December 1789 , Versailles ) was a French painter , above all remembered for his lively street scenes .
Édouard Dapples ( 12 December 1807 , Lausanne -- 30 April 1887 , Nice ) was a Swiss politician , syndic of Lausanne from 1843 to 1848 and from 1857 to 1867 , member of the Swiss National Council from 1851 to 1854 and from 1857 to 1866 , he presided this assembly in 1861 .
Richard Boone moved to St. Augustine , Florida , from Hawaii in 1970 and worked with the production of Cross and Sword , when he was not acting on television or in movies , until his death in 1981 .
Agatha van der Mijn ( 13 May 1700 -- 1776/1796 ) , was an 18th - century flower painter from the Northern Netherlands active in London .
Charles Rochussen ( Kralingen , August 1 , 1814 -- Rotterdam September 22 , 1894 ) was a 19th - century painter from Rotterdam , the Netherlands , who was also known as an illustrator and printmaker .
Les Keiter ( April 27 , 1919 -- April 14 , 2009 ) , also known as the `` General '' , was a newscaster and sports director of Honolulu , Hawaii television station KHON - TV .
Mathew Anden , also Mathew T. Anden or Matthew Anden ( November 23 , 1942 in Berlin -- 19 July 1985 in New York City ) was a German theater , television and film actor , who mainly worked in the United States .
Stanislao Lista ( Salerno , December 8 , 1824 -- 1908 ) was an Italian sculptor active in Naples .
Ada María Elflein ( Buenos Aires , February 22 , 1880- ibidem , July 24 , 1919 ) was an Argentine poet , columnist , translator , feminist and teacher .
Jean - Pierre Lecocq died at age 44 in the crash of Air Inter Flight 148 on 20 January 1992 at Mont Sainte - Odile , Alsace .
Born in Boston , Massachusetts on May 29 , 1939 , Michael DeSisto attended parochial schools in West Roxbury , and graduated from Cathedral High School in Boston in 1957 .
Hisham Ikhtiyar was born to a Sunni family in Damascus in 1941 .
Giovanni Giudici ( 26 June 1924 , Le Grazie - 24 March 2011 , La Spezia ) was an Italian poet and journalist .
On the morning of 17 April 1945 Leutnant Gerhard Bauer , Oberleutnant August Lambert , and another pilot were taking off from Kamenz for a mission to the front when American P-51Ds of the 55th Fighter Group appeared .
Fleeing the Cholera epidemics that besieged Paris in the mid - nineteenth century , Charles Jacque relocated to Barbizon in 1849 with Millet .
Werner Conze ( born December 11 , 1910 in Amt Neuhaus , died April 1986 in Heidelberg ) was a German historian in Nazi Germany and in post - World War II Germany .
Tadeusz Sendzimir ( originally Sędzimir , July 15 , 1894 , Lwów -- September 1 , 1989 , Jupiter , Florida ) of Ostoja coat of arms was a Polish engineer and inventor of international renown with 120 patents in mining and metallurgy , 73 of which were awarded to him in the United States .
Sir Dove - Myer Robinson ( 15 June 1901 -- 14 August 1989 ) was Mayor of Auckland City from 1959 to 1965 and from 1968 to 1980 , the longest tenure of any holder of the office .
František Mrázek ( cs ) ( 1 February 1958 -- 25 January 2006 in Prague ) was a controversial Czech entrepreneur , often referred to as the `` Godfather of Czech Organized Crime '' .
Agustín Cárdenas Alfonso ( April 10 , 1927 , Matanzas , Cuba -- February 9 , 2001 , Havana , Cuba ) was a Cuban sculptor who was active in the Surrealist movement in Paris .
Gheorghe Flondor ( Georg Ritter von Flondor ) ( August 31 , 1892 Roman , Romania -- April 26 , 1976 , Bucharest ) was Romanian politician who served as Royal Resident ( Rezident Regal ) of Ţinutul Suceava from February 7 , 1939 to September 23 , 1940 .
Romanos Melikian ( Armenian : Ռոմանոս Հովակիմի Մելիքյան ; October 1 , 1883 , Kizlyar - March 30 , 1935 , Yerevan ) was an Armenian composer .
Halyna Zubchenko was born in Kiev in 1929 into a family of scholars .
Ernst Otto Schlick ( 16 June 1840 , Grimma - 10 April 1913 , Hamburg ) was a German naval engineer .
Peter Igelhoff ( born Rudolf August Ordnung , 22 July 1904 in Vienna -- 8 April 1978 in Bad Reichenhall ) was an Austrian pianist , light music and film composer , arranger and entertainer ; he took his mother 's maiden name as soon as he resolved on a career in light entertainment .
Zygmunt Latoszewski ( 1902 in Poznań - 1995 in Warsaw ) was a Polish conductor , theater director and music teacher .
Oğuz Tansel ( February 15 , 1915 , Meyre , Konya - October 30 , 1994 , Ankara ) was a Turkish poet and folklorist .
Julia Brystiger ( née Prajs , born November 25 , 1902 , in Stryj -- died November 9 , 1975 , in Warsaw ) was a Polish Communist activist and member of the security apparatus in Stalinist Poland .
Jakob Meiland ( Senftenberg , 1542-Hechingen , 31 December 1577 ) was a German composer .
Suzanne Bachelard ( October 18 , 1919 -- November 3 , 2007 in Paris ) was a French philosopher and academic .
Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra ( née Eugênia Brandão ; March 6 , 1898 , Juiz de Fora - June 16 , 1948 , Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian journalist , actress and theater director , who became president of the professional theater union .
Giovanni Targioni Tozzetti ( Florence , 11 September 1712 - Florence , 7 January 1783 ) was an Italian naturalist .
Bernd Clüver ( 10 April 1948 , in Hildesheim -- 28 July 2011 , in Palma , Spain ) was a German singer .
Jacob van Oost the Younger ( 1639 , Bruges -- 1713 , Bruges ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter .
Giuseppe Antonio Brescianello ( also Bressonelli ; ca . 1690 , Bologna -- 4 October 1758 , Stuttgart ) was an Italian Baroque composer and violinist .
Giuseppe Angeli ( Venice 1709- Venice , 1798 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque , known for depicting both genre and religious subjects .
Eligiusz Niewiadomski ( Warsaw , December 1 , 1869 -- January 31 , 1923 , Warsaw ) was a Polish modernist painter and art critic who belonged to the right - wing National Democratic Party till 1904 and later continued supporting it .
Jean - Baptiste Biot was born in Paris on 21 April 1774 the son of Joseph Biot , a treasury official .
Vincenzo Anastagi ( died 1585 ) was an Italian Knight of Rhodes who participated in the Siege of Malta ( 1565 ) .
Rodolfo Llopis Ferrándiz ( 27 February 1895 Callosa d'En Sarrià , Alicante , Spain-- 22 July 1983 Albi , France ) was a Spanish socialist politician .
Anton Ackermann ( real name : Eugen Hanisch , 25 December 1905 Thalheim , Saxony - 4 May 1973 East Berlin ) was an East German politician .
Gabriel Perelle ( born 1604 in Vernon , Eure , died 1677 in Paris ) was a French draftsman and printmaker of topographic views and landscapes .
Kajetan Abgarowicz ( pseudonyms : Kajetan Abgar - Soltan , and Soltan Abgar ; Armenian : Կայտան Աբգարովիչ ) ( August 7 , 1856 in Czerniowie , Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria - July 27 , 1909 in Truskavets , Ukraine ) was a Polish journalist , novelist and short story writer of Armenian descent .
Jovan Soldatović ( November 26 , 1920 in Čerević -- October 7 , 2005 in Novi Sad ) was a Serbian sculptor , internationally recognized for his hundreds of sculptures and memorials .
Martin Berteau ( 2 February 1691 in Valenciennes -- 22 January 1771 in Angers ) was a French cellist , cello teacher , and composer .
Gul Pacha Ulfat ( Pashto : ګل پاچا الفت‎ ) was born in 1909 in Qarghayi District of Laghman Province , Afghanistan .
Antonio Somma ( born Udine , 28 August 1809 - died Venice , 8 August 1864 ) was an Italian playwright who is most well known for writing the libretto of an opera which ultimately became Giuseppe Verdi 's Un ballo in maschera in 1859 .
Ettore Ximenes ( April 11 , 1855 , Palermo -- December 20 , 1926 , Rome ) was an Italian sculptor .
Matias de Albuquerque ( Olinda , colony of Brazil , 1580s -- Lisbon , Kingdom of Portugal , 9 June 1647 ) , the first and only Count of Alegrete , was a Portuguese colonial administrator and soldier .
Mauro Del Giudice ( 20 May 1857 in Rodi Garganico -- 1951 in Rome ) was an Italian jurist and writer .
Eddie Carroll died April 6 , 2010 of a brain tumor at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills , California .
Adolf Schneeberger ( born in Choceň , 1897 - Prague , 1977 ) was a Czech photographer .
Ambrose Lomax ( Lichfield , England , 15 August 1867 - Adelaide , 20 January 1943 ) was a South African photographer and chemist .
Maurice Koechlin died in 1946 in Veytaux , Switzerland in a house built by himself in 1900 .
Heinz Röthke ( born 19 January 1912 in Mürow -- died 14 July 1966 in Wolfsburg ) was a German lawyer and SS - Obersturmführer who , together with Theodor Dannecker , was one of the persons most responsible for the deportation of French Jews , which took place between 1940 and 1944 , during the Holocaust .
Sebastian Gryphius ( French : Sébastien Gryphe ; c. 1492 , Reutlingen -- 1556 , Lyon ) was a German bookseller - printer and humanist .
Joseph Chinard ( Lyon , 12 February 1756 -- Lyon 20 June 1813 ) was a French sculptor who worked in a Neoclassical style that was infused with naturalism and sentiment .
Luca di Tommè ( or Luca Thome ) ( c. 1330 - -1389 ) was an Italian painter active between 1356 and 1389 in Siena .
Francesco Albotto ( 1721 - -1757 ) was an Italian painter from Venice , mainly producing vedute .
Michele Giordano ( 26 September 1930 -- 2 December 2010 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate , who was the Archbishop of Naples and a Cardinal - Priest .
Earle Cabell ( October 27 , 1906 -- September 24 , 1975 ) was a Texas politician who served as mayor of Dallas , Texas .
Artur Pappenheim ( December 13 , 1870 in Berlin - December 31 , 1916 ) was a German physician and hematologist , remembered for his pioneer efforts in stem cell research .
Marit Allen died of a brain aneurysm in Sydney , Australia , on 26 November 2007 .
Cristoforo Benigno Crespi ( Busto Arsizio , 18 October 1833 -- Milan , 5 January 1920 ) was an Italian entrepreneur .
Roland Simounet ( born in Guyotville , Algeria , 31 Aug 1927 - died in Paris , 1996 ) was a French architect known primarily for his design of the Musée Picasso in Paris and the LaM in Villeneuve d'Ascq .
Martin Holtzhey ( 1697 , Ulm -- 1764 , Middelburg ) , was an 18th - century German medallist and mint master , active in the Netherlands .
Duleep Singh died in Paris in 1893 at the age of 55 , having seen India after the age of fifteen during only two brief , tightly - controlled visits in 1860 ( to bring his mother to England ) and in 1863 ( to scatter his mother 's ashes ) .
Writers of adventure books receive the `` literary Prix Georges de Caunes '' as the book festival in La Rochelle .
On 29 February 1848 a soldier called Ami Girard arrived from Saint - Imier and agreed to march with Fritz Courvoisier from la Chaux - de - Fonds Neuchâtel along with 200 volunteers .
Fred A. Busse ( March 3 , 1866 -- July 9 , 1914 ) was the mayor of Chicago , in the U.S. state of Illinois , from 1907 to 1911 .
Per Krafft the Elder ( 16 January 1724 , Arboga - 7 November 1793 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish portraitist .
Ludimar Hermann ( October 31 , 1838 , Berlin -- June 5 , 1914 , Königsberg ) was a German physiologist and speech scientist who used the Edison phonograph to test theories of vowel production , particularly those of Robert Willis and Charles Wheatstone .
Girma Wolde - Giorgis ( Ge'ez : ግርማ ወልደ ጊዮርጊስ ; born December 1924 ) is an Ethiopian politician who was the President of Ethiopia from 2001 to 2013 .
Andrew Arbuckle ( born 12 April 1944 ) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician , and a former Member of the Scottish Parliament ( MSP ) for the Mid Scotland and Fife region .
Helga Stevens ( born 9 August 1968 ) is a Belgian politician of the New Flemish Alliance ( N - VA ) and member of the European Parliament since 2014 .
Elio Sgreccia ( born 6 June 1928 ) is a bioethicist and a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Joel Brunsvold was an Illinois politician who served as a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives and later as the Director of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources .
John Gavan Duffy ( 15 October 1844 -- 8 March 1917 ) was an Australian politician , member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly .
Khaba ( also read as Hor - Khaba ) was a pharaoh of Ancient Egypt , active during the 3rd dynasty of the Old Kingdom period .
David Hodgins ( 1850 - 1930 ) , was a former Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Maximianus of Ravenna , or Maximian ( 499 -- February 22 , 556 ; feast day formerly February 21 ) was bishop of Ravenna in Italy .
Nikare II was a pharaoh of the Sixteenth Dynasty of Egypt .
Laurent - Désiré Kabila ( pronunciation ) ( November 27 , 1939 -- January 16 , 2001 ) , or simply Laurent Kabila , was President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from May 17 , 1997 , when he overthrew Mobutu Sese Seko , until his assassination by one of his bodyguards on January 16 , 2001 .
Giuseppe Pasotto ( Bovolone , Italy , 6 July 1954 ) is an Italian Roman Catholic bishop .
Daniel Lindsay Russell , Jr. ( August 7 , 1845 -- May 14 , 1908 ) was the 49th Governor of North Carolina , serving from 1897 to 1901 .
From 1984 to 1998 , Gijs de Vries was a member of the European Parliament for three consecutive terms .
Nicolás de Jesús López Rodríguez ( born 31 October , 1936 ) is the archbishop of Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church , and President of the Conference of the Dominican Episcopate .
Mark Ritchie was elected Minnesota 's Secretary of State in the November 2006 General Election .
Samuel Comstock ( February 6 , 1680 -- October 26 , 1752 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1711 , October 1714 , May 1720 , October 1723 , October 1725 , October 1726 , October 1727 , October 1728 , October 1729 , and October 1730 .
Richard S. Thompson ( December 30 , 1916 -- December 28 , 1997 ) was from 1972 to 1984 a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 22 , which now includes Grant , La Salle , Winn , and Rapides parishes .
John Cameron Henry , Jr. ( born November 1 , 1974 ) is an American state legislator and business analyst from Metairie , Louisiana , who has been serving since January 2008 as a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 82 in Jefferson and Orleans parishes .
Frederick Temple ( 30 November 1821 -- 23 December 1902 ) was an English academic , teacher , churchman , and Archbishop of Canterbury , from 1896 until his death .
Petero Mataca ( 28 April 1933 -- 30 June 2014 ) born at Cawaci , on Ovalau Island , served as the Roman Catholic archbishop of Suva , Fiji until his resignation in 2012 .
Ramwod or Ramwold ( c. 900 in Trier ( ? ) - † 17 May 1000 in Regensburg ) was an abbot of St. Emmeram 's Abbey in Regensburg .
John Flamsteed FRS ( 19 August 1646 -- 31 December 1719 ) was an English astronomer and the first Astronomer Royal .
Charles H. O'Neill ( May 1800 -- November 8 , 1897 ) was an Irish - American politician and a Democrat who served as Mayor of Jersey City , New Jersey , from May 4 , 1868 until April 10 , 1869 , when he resigned , and again from May 2 , 1870 until May 3 , 1874 .
William Sanford Pennington ( November 7 , 1757 -- September 17 , 1826 ) was the sixth Governor of New Jersey , serving from 1813 to 1815 .
Maximilian Kaller ( 10 October 1880 -- 7 July 1947 ) was Roman Catholic Bishop of Ermland ( Polish : Warmia ) in East Prussia from 1930 - -1947 , however , de facto expelled since mid - August 1945 he served as special bishop for the homeland - expellees until his death .
Cecilio Báez González ( 1862 - -1941 ) was provisional President of Paraguay from December 8 , 1905 to November 25 , 1906 .
Clement Reyner D.D. ( 1589 - -1651 ) was an English Benedictine monk , who became abbot of Lamspringe in Germany .
William Longchamp ( died 1197 ) , sometimes known as William de Longchamp or William de Longchamps , was a medieval Lord Chancellor , Chief Justiciar , and Bishop of Ely in England .
Salvatore Boccaccio ( June 18 , 1938 Rome - October 18 , 2008 Frosinone , Italy ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Frosinone - Veroli - Ferentino from July 9 , 1999 , until his death on October 18 , 2008 , at the age of 70 years .
Sir Charles Sladen , KCMG ( 28 August 1816 -- 22 February 1884 ) , Australian colonial politician , was the 6th Premier of Victoria .
Zenas Ferry Moody ( May 27 , 1832 -- March 14 , 1917 ) was the seventh Governor of Oregon from 1882 to 1887 .
John Riley Tanner ( April 4 , 1844 -- May 23 , 1901 ) was the 21st Governor of Illinois , from 1897 until 1901 .
Paul Dahdah , O.C.D. ( born on 8 January 1941 in Zgharta , Lebanon ) is the current bishop of the Apostolic Vicariate of Beirut .
François de Bovet ( March 21 , 1745 -- April 6 , 1838 ) was bishop of Sisteron from 1789 , and from 1817 was archbishop of Toulouse .
Shute Barrington ( 26 May 1734 -- 25 March 1826 ) was an English churchman , Bishop of Llandaff in Wales , as well as Bishop of Salisbury and Bishop of Durham in England .
Michele Steno ( Michiel Sten in Venetian Language ; 1331 -- December 26 , 1413 ) was a Venetian statesman who served as the 63rd Doge of Venice from December 1 , 1400 until his death .
Rimsky Yuen Kwok - keung ( born 1964 ) is a lawyer and the third and current Secretary for Justice of Hong Kong .
Gujjula Ravindra Reddy ( born Kanigiri , Prakasam District , Andhra Pradesh , India ) is a former member of the state parliament of Brandenburg and former mayor of Altlandsberg .
Duane Milne ( born 1967 ) is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , representing the 167th legislative district .
Helladius of Caesarea , was a Catholic bishop of Caesarea .
Saint Gerard of Toul , also Saint Gerald of Toul ( French : Geraud ; 935 in Cologne - 994 in Toul ) was a German priest who was appointed bishop of Toul in 963 .
Lesley Cohen is a former appointed Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly , serving one term .
Lawrence Brainerd ( March 16 , 1794 -- May 9 , 1870 ) was a businessman , abolitionist and United States Senator from Vermont .
James McCrea was the president of the Pennsylvania Railroad from 1907 to 1913 .
Timipre Sylva ( born July 7 , 1964 ) was the Governor of Bayelsa State in southern Nigeria .
Juan de Camargo y Angulo y Pasquer ( 1663 - -1733 ) was Bishop of Pamplona from 1716 to 1725 and Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1720 to 1733 .
Ælfric of Eynsham ( Old English : Ælfrīc ; Latin : Alfricus , Elphricus ) ( c. 955 -- c. 1010 ) was an English abbot , as well as a consummate , prolific writer in Old English of hagiography , homilies , biblical commentaries , and other genres .
General Sir Ralph Darling , GCH ( 1772 -- 2 April 1858 ) was Governor of New South Wales from 1825 to 1831 .
Steven A. Kandarian is the president , chairman , and chief executive officer of MetLife .
Louis Bostedo ( 1798 - 1878 ) was an American businessman from Weyauwega , Wisconsin who spent a single term in 1856 as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from a district which encompassed the sparsely - populated Oconto , Outagamie , Shawano and Waupaca counties .
Barthélemy de Jur ( misread as de Vir in the 19th century ; c.1080 - 1158 ) was a French bishop .
Roque Ferreyra ( 16 August 1810 -- 13 September 1885 ) was an Argentine politician , twice Governor of Córdoba Province .
Simon Sulzer ( 23 September 1508 -- 22 June 1585 ) was a Reformed theologian , Reformer , and Antistes of the Basel church .
Aurèle Audet ( October 12 , 1920 -- November 28 , 2015 ) was a politician in Quebec , Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec ( MNA ) .
Jean Vendeville ( 24 June 1527 -- 15 October 1592 ) was a law professor and a bishop of Tournai .
Powhatan Ellis ( January 17 , 1790 -- March 18 , 1863 ) was a United States Senator from Mississippi and a United States federal judge .
Joseph Alphonse de Véri ( 16 October 1724 -- 28 August 1799 ) was a French abbot .
Angelika Volquartz ( born 2 September 1946 in Uelzen , Lower Saxony ) was the mayor of Kiel , Germany from 2003 til 2009 .
Giampaolo Crepaldi ( born 29 September 1947 ) is the current archbishop - bishop of Trieste since his installation on 4 October 2009 .
George Mavrikos ( born 1950 ) is the General Secretary of the World Federation of Trade Unions ( WFTU ) in Athens , Greece .
Uthman was a shrewd businessman and a successful trader from his youth , which contributed greatly to the Rashidun Empire .
Maurice Michael Otunga ( 31 January 1923 -- 6 September 2003 ) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and the Archbishop Emeritus of Nairobi who was also the Military Ordinary Emeritus for Kenya .
Giuseppe Agostino ( Reggio Calabria , November 25 , 1928 -- Rende , March 24 , 2014 ) was a Roman Catholic archbishop .
Saint Bercharius ( Bererus ; French : Berchaire ) ( 636 -- March 28 , 696 ) was abbot of Hautvillers in Champagne .
David Assouline ( born 16 June 1959 , Sefrou , Morocco ) is a member of the Senate of France , representing the city of Paris .
John Ermenc ( October 21 , 1887 -- after 1932 ) was a real estate and insurance broker from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Eustace of Fauconberg was a medieval English Bishop of London from 1221 to 1228 and was also Lord High Treasurer .
Alfonso Carrillo de Acuña ( Carrascosa del Campo , 1410 -- Alcalá de Henares , 1 July 1482 ) was a Spanish politician and Roman Catholic archbishop .
Jean - Paul Ngoupandé ( 6 December 1948 -- 4 May 2014 ) was a Central African politician who was Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 1996 to 1997 .
Rudolf Prikryl ( 21 March 1896 -- 13 June 1965 ) was the provisionally - instated mayor of Vienna from 13 April to 16 April 1945 , and is remembered as the `` three days ' mayor '' ( German : Drei - Tage - Bürgermeister ) .
Wallace Rider Farrington ( May 3 , 1871 -- October 6 , 1933 ) was the sixth Territorial Governor of Hawaii , serving from 1921 to 1929 .
Dennis Walaker ( January 10 , 1941 -- December 2 , 2014 ) was an American politician who served as mayor of Fargo , North Dakota .
George Erik Rupp ( born September 22 , 1942 ) is an American educator and theologian , the former President of Rice University and later of Columbia University , and president of the International Rescue Committee from July 2002 to August 2013 .
Cristoforo della Rovere ( 13 June 1434 -- 1 February 1478 ) ( called the Cardinal of Tarentaise ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Dominic Kodwo Andoh ( May 4 , 1929 -- May 17 , 2013 ) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Archdiocese of Accra , Ghana .
Hartwell Neil Riser , Jr. , known as Neil Riser ( born April 25 , 1962 ) , is a funeral home owner in Columbia in Caldwell Parish in northeastern Louisiana , who is a Republican member of the Louisiana State Senate .
Paula Zelenko is a Michigan politician serving as Burton , Michigan 's mayor and a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives .
Arnold Duckwitz ( January 27 , 1802 in Bremen Germany -- March 19 , 1881 in Bremen ) was a German statesman and merchant who served as Minister of Trade and of the Navy in the provisional government of the Frankfurt Assembly of 1848 - -49 , and as mayor of Bremen .
Arthur Barclay ( July 31 , 1854 -- July 10 , 1938 ) was the 15th President of Liberia , serving from 1904 to 1912 .
Alcide Courcy ( November 3 , 1914 -- May 22 , 2000 ) was a Canadian politician , cabinet minister and a four - term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec .
Eugeniusz Kłopotek ( born 15 November 1953 in Chojnice , Poland ) is a Polish politician who is a member of the Sejm of Poland ( 1997 - 2005 and since 2007 ) , member of the European Parliament ( 2004 ) and member of the Kuyavian - Pomeranian Regional Assembly ( 2006 - 2007 ) .
Ebbo or Ebo ( c. 775 -- 20 March 851 ) was archbishop of Rheims from 816 until 835 and again from 840 to 841 .
Émile - Justin Menier was also a keen politician , serving as mayor of Noisiel from 1871 - 1881 .
Stanislaus Tobias Magombo ( 24 February 1968 -- 6 July 2010 ) was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of Caesarea in Mauretania and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lilongwe , Malawi .
Lyall T. Beggs ( November 9 , 1899 -- May 14 , 1973 ) was a past commander in chief of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Francis Steffen ( November 5 , 1836 - ? ) was an American farmer from Hortonville , Wisconsin who spent two terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Outagamie County , being elected first as a `` Reform Democrat '' and then re - elected as a Democrat .
Castruccio Castracane degli Antelminelli ( Urbino , 21 September 1779 -- 22 February 1852 ) was an Italian clergyman , who was made a cardinal by pope Gregory XVI in the consistory of 15 April 1833 .
Juliusz Paetz ( 2 February 1935 in Poznań ) is a Polish bishop of the Catholic Church .
Pio Taofinu'u , S. M. ( December 8 , 1923 -- January 19 , 2006 ) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and Archbishop of Samoa - Apia .
Norovyn Altankhuyag ( Mongolian : Норовын Алтанхуяг ) is a Mongolian politician who was the Prime Minister of Mongolia from 2012 to 2014 and a Member of Parliament .
Niqmepa ( died c. 1270 BC ) was the fourth King of Ugarit , a city - state in northwestern Syria .
Roger de Bailleul ( died 25 September 1179 ) was a medieval Benedictine monk , abbot of Bec , and archbishop - elect of Canterbury .
After retiring from Starfleet , Spock serves as a Federation ambassador , contributing toward the easing of the strained relationship between the Federation and the Klingon Empire .
Henry Adoniram Swift ( March 23 , 1823 -- February 25 , 1869 ) was an American politician who was the third Governor of Minnesota .
Arthur Richard Dillon ( 14 September 1721 -- 5 July 1806 ) , French archbishop , was the son of Arthur Dillon ( 1670 - 1733 ) , one of the Irish Wild Geese who became a general in the French service .
Rob Witwer ( born February 2 , 1971 ) is a Colorado politician , lawyer , and former Republican member of the Colorado House of Representatives .
William Lansing Gleason ( November 18 , 1899 -- January 13 , 1991 ) was a three - term mayor of Eau Gallie , Florida from 1930 to 1943 and 1950 to 1951 .
Robert Kosowski is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives representing a district based in Westland , Michigan .
James John Walker , often known as Jimmy Walker and colloquially as Beau James ( June 19 , 1881 -- November 18 , 1946 ) , was Mayor of New York City from 1926 to 1932 .
Algernon Coote , 6th Earl of Mountrath PC ( Ire ) ( 6 June 1689 -- 27 August 1744 ) , styled The Honourable Algernon Coote until 1720 , was an Irish peer who sat as a Member of Parliament in the Parliament of Ireland as well as in the Parliament of Great Britain .
John Lesley ( or Leslie ) ( 29 September 1527 -- 31 May 1596 ) was a Scottish Roman Catholic bishop and historian .
Thomas Hatfield ( died 1381 ) was Bishop of Durham from 1345 to 1381 .
Anastasios Balkos ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Μπάλκος , 1916 - -1995 ) was a Greek Army lieutenant general and conservative politician , who served as Greece 's Minister of Public Order and as an intelligence officer in the Greek secret services .
W. Curtis Thomas is a Democratic Party member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , District 181 .
Tobias Read ( born 1975 ) is an American Democratic politician who is a current member of the Oregon House of Representatives , representing District 27 since 2006 , which comprises parts of Beaverton , southwest Portland , and unincorporated Multnomah and Washington Counties .
Jürgen Brandt ( 19 October 1922 -- 26 July 2003 ) was a German general and Chief of Federal Armed Forces Staff from 1978 until 1983 .
Saint Amantius of Como ( Italian : Sant'Amanzio di Como ) ( died April 8 , 448 AD ) is venerated as the third bishop of Como .
James Murray Mason ( November 3 , 1798 -- April 28 , 1871 ) was a United States Representative and United States Senator from Virginia .
Miloslav Vlk ( born 17 May 1932 ) , the Archbishop Emeritus of Prague , is a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church .
George Tyler Wood ( March 12 , 1795 -- September 3 , 1858 ) was an American military officer and politician who served as the second Governor of Texas .
Daniel Zimmermann ( born 3 May 1982 in Düsseldorf ) is a German politician , founder of the PETO party and is the mayor of Monheim am Rhein since 21 October 2009 .
Chiril Gaburici ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈkiril gaburiʃʲ ) ; born 23 November 1976 ) is a Moldovan businessman and former Prime Minister of Moldova .
Seán Neeson ( born 9 February 1946 ) is a politician in Northern Ireland who served as leader of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland between 1998 and 2001 .
Nathan Clifford ( August 18 , 1803 -- July 25 , 1881 ) was an American statesman , diplomat and jurist , whose career culminated in a lengthy period of service as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States .
Ole H. Olson ( September 19 , 1872 -- January 29 , 1954 ) was the sixteenth Lieutenant Governor and the eighteenth Governor of North Dakota .
Thomas W. Dempsey ( born January 23 , 1931 in Williamsport , Pennsylvania ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives .
Pierre Théoma Boisrond - Canal ( 12 June 1832 -- 6 March 1905 ) was a Haitian politician who served as the President of Haiti three times .
Bushrod Washington ( June 5 , 1762 -- November 26 , 1829 ) was an attorney and politician , appointed as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States , where he served for more than 30 years .
Florence Duperval Guillaume , a Haitian politician , is Haiti 's Minister of Public Health and Population , and was Prime Minister of Haiti from 20 December 2014 to 16 January 2015
Col . Thomas Michael Holt ( July 15 , 1831 -- April 11 , 1896 ) was a prominent North Carolina industrialist who served as the 47th Governor of North Carolina from 1891 to 1893 .
Francis Blackburne PC ( Ire ) KS ( 11 November 1782 -- 17 September 1867 ) was an Irish judge and eventually became Lord Chancellor of Ireland .
Juan Bautista de Zengotita Bengoa ( September 13 , 1735 -- November 1 , 1802 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of San Juan , Puerto Rico , from 1795 - 1802 .
Laurie Jinkins is a public health official from Tacoma , Washington who serves as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from the 27th district .
José de Carvajal y Hué ( Málaga , Spain , 8 October 1835 -- Madrid , Spain , 4 June 1899 ) was a Spanish lawyer , economist , writer and politician who served as Minister of State from 1873 to 1874 , during the presidency of Emilio Castelar y Ripoll in the First Spanish Republic .
Bruce Furness is an American politician , the former mayor of Fargo , North Dakota .
Suzanne Tremblay ( born January 24 , 1937 ) is a politician from Quebec , Canada , who served as a Bloc Québécois member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1993 to 2004 .
Gustavo Rojas Pinilla ( 12 March 1900 -- 17 January 1975 ) was the 19th President of Colombia from June 1953 to May 1957 .
Cadwalader Evans ( December 25 , 1762 -- October 26 , 1841 ) was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and served as speaker in 1799 .
Kazi Zafar Ahmed ( i//1939 -- 27 August 2015 ) was a Bangladeshi politician who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh from 1989 to 1990 .
John Atkin is a former two term Democratic member of the Connecticut Senate from Norwalk , Connecticut 's 25th Senate district and a former three term member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk , Connecticut 's 140th House district .
Richard Ravitch ( born July 7 , 1933 ) is an American politician and businessman who served as Lieutenant Governor of New York from 2009 to 2010 .
There are two people named Barnabas among Hippolytus ' list of Seventy Disciples , one ( # 13 ) became the bishop of Milan , the other ( # 25 ) the bishop of Heraclea .
Robert Walker , Baron Walker of Gestingthorpe , PC , ( born 17 March 1938 ) is an English barrister and former Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom .
Bernardino Maffei ( Bergamo , 27 January 1514 - Rome , 16 July 1553 ) was an Italian archbishop and cardinal .
Randy Truitt is a member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing District 26 which includes portions of Tippecanoe and Warren County .
Marie Grégoire ( born August 15 , 1965 ) was the Action démocratique du Québec Member of the National Assembly of Quebec , Canada , for the electoral district of Berthier from 2002 to 2003 .
William Kidston ( 17 August 1849 -- 25 October 1919 ) was an Australian politician and Premier of Queensland , from January 1906 to November 1907 and again from February 1908 to February 1911 .
Michael Hannan ( 20 July 1821 -- 17 April 1882 ) was a Roman Catholic priest and archbishop .
Freculf 's origins are unknown , but it is known that he became a bishop in either 823 or 825 until his death on 8 October 850 or 852 .
Djedhotepre Dedumose I was an Egyptian pharaoh of the Second Intermediate Period .
Letlapa Mphahlele ( born 8 December 1960 ) is a member of the National Assembly of South Africa who represents the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania .
Francisco Javier Mier Campillo ( 1748 -- 1818 ) was a Spanish bishop who was Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1814 to 1818 .
Jim McGregor is a Republican politician who was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives , representing the 20th District from 2001 to 2008 .
Benjamin Travis Laney , Jr. ( 25 November 1896 -- 21 January 1977 ) , was the 33rd Governor of Arkansas , having served from 1945 to 1949 .
Philip Reed ( 1760 -- November 2 , 1829 ) was a United States Senator representing Maryland from 1806 to 1813 .
James Bellord ( 26 February 1846 -- 11 June 1905 ) was an English - born Roman Catholic bishop who served as the Vicar Apostolic of Gibraltar from 1899 to 1905 .
Roger A. Madigan is a Republican politician and former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate from the 23rd District .
Jacob Sander was an American cattle dealer from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served a single term as a Liberal Reform Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Jürgen Chrobog ( born February 28 , 1940 Berlin ) is a German jurist , diplomat , and German Ambassador to the United States from 1995 to 2001 .
Juan Manuel Oliva Ramírez ( born March 21 , 1960 León , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party ( PAN ) who served as Governor of Guanajuato from 2006 to 2012 .
José Sócrates Carvalho Pinto de Sousa , GCIH ( born 6 September 1957 ) , commonly known as José Sócrates ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛ ˈsɔkɾɐtɨʃ ) ) , is a Portuguese politician who was the Prime Minister of Portugal from 12 March 2005 to 21 June 2011 .
Thomas Joseph Murphy ( October 3 , 1932 -- June 26 , 1997 ) was an American bishop in the Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Great Falls from 1978 - -1987 , Coadjutor Archbishop of Seattle from 1987 - -1991 , and Archbishop of Seattle from 1991 until his death .
Daughter of Amasis II , Nitocris II is mainly attested by a monument now in Chicago ( OI 10584 ) on which she is called High Priest of Amun ; the same monument also claim that the God 's Wife of Amun Ankhnesneferibre was her `` mother '' .
Girolamo Maria Gotti , O.C.D. ( 29 March 1834 , Genoa ; died 19 March 1916 , Rome ) , sometimes erroneously called Giuseppe Gotti , was a friar of the Discalced Carmelite Order , who served in various offices of the Holy See as a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Faustin - Archange Touadéra ( born 21 April 1957 ) is a Central African politician and academic who served as Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from January 2008 to January 2013 .
James Rogers Pope , known as J. Rogers Pope ( born June 1941 ) , is a retired school superintendent from Denham Springs , Louisiana , who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from District 71 in Livingston Parish , one of the Florida Parishes in the southeastern portion of his state .
John Frullo ( born August 1 , 1962 ) is a businessman from Lubbock , Texas , who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 84 .
Pedro Pacheco de Villena ( 29 June 1488 , La Puebla de Montalban , near Toledo - 5 March 1560 , Rome ) also known as Pedro Pacheco Ladrón de Guevara , was a Spanish cardinal and viceroy of Naples .
Warner Miller ( August 12 , 1838 -- March 21 , 1918 ) was a Representative and a United States Senator from New York .
Saint Gerard of Potenza , also Gerard La Porta ( Italian : Gerardo di Potenza , Gerardo La Porta ) ( d. 30 October 1118 ) was a Roman Catholic saint and a bishop of Potenza in Italy ,
William Pitt Kellogg ( December 8 , 1830 -- August 10 , 1918 ) was an American lawyer and Republican Party politician who served as a United States Senator from 1868 to 1872 and from 1877 to 1883 and as the Governor of Louisiana from 1873 to 1877 during the Reconstruction Era .
Sigurd Anderson ( January 22 , 1904 in Arendal , Aust - Agder -- December 21 , 1990 ) was the 19th Governor of South Dakota .
Aristomenis Kontogouris ( Greek : Αριστομένης Κοντογούρης , 1841 - -1904 ) was a Greek politician of Achaia and a mayor of Patras .
Charles James Faulkner ( September 21 , 1847 -- January 13 , 1929 ) was a United States Senator from West Virginia and the son of Charles James Faulkner , a U.S. Representative from Virginia and West Virginia .
Damian Dalu is the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Geita , Tanzania .
Antonella Mularoni ( born 27 September 1961 ) is a Sammarinese politician who was Captain Regent of San Marino from April 2013 until October 2013 ( alongside Denis Amici ) and Secretary for Foreign Affairs .
Licinius of Angers ( Lezin , Lésin ) ( c.540 - -c.609 ) was a Frankish nobleman and bishop of Angers .
Paul Kohls ( born April 15 , 1974 ) is a Republican politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 34A , which covers central and western Carver County and part of Scott County in the southern part of the state .
Nabil Elaraby ( Arabic : نبيل العربي ; born 15 March 1935 ) is an Egyptian diplomat who has been Secretary - General of the Arab League since July 2011 .
Bradley Wood is a combative player who was promoted to the club 's first team squad midway through the 2008 - -09 season as a makeshift defender from the youth team .
Nikita Baranov ( born 19 August 1992 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team .
Adis Jahović ( Macedonian : Адис Јаховиќ , born 18 March 1987 ) is a Macedonian football forward of Bosniak descent .
Carlos Renan Bloise Serra known as Carlos Renan ( born February 12 , 1983 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a defender in Brazil and manager .
Karl Gunnar David Lidholm ( born 28 May 1982 ) , formerly known as David Johansson , is a Swedish football defender who mainly played for Hammarby IF in Stockholm .
Mathieu Bastareaud ( French pronunciation : ​(matjø bastaʁo ) ; born 17 September 1988 ) is a French rugby union centre who plays for Toulon .
Emilio Pacione ( c. 1920 - 25 August 2012 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a winger best known for playing for Dundee United from 1945 to 1950 .
Wally Savor ( born 21 June 1959 ) is an Australian former international soccer player who played professionally as a defender or midfielder for Sydney Croatia .
Adam Bedell ( born December 1 , 1991 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward .
Lourenço Tomás Cuxixima , commonly known as Loló ( born 3 December 1981 ) is an Angolan footballer who plays as a forward .
John Boye ( born 23 April 1987 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian international professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Sivasspor .
Marios Christodoulou ( Greek : Μάριος Χριστοδούλου ; born July 4 , 1974 in Athens , Greece ) is a Cypriot football midfielder who is under contract for Nikos & Sokratis Erimis .
Marc Marino is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Melbourne City FC as a centre forward .
Roberto Tancredi ( born January 30 , 1944 in Montecatini Val di Cecina ) is a retired Italian professional football player who played as a goalkeeper .
Ørjan Berg ( born 20 August 1968 in Bodø ) is a former Norwegian football midfielder , who most recently played for Rosenborg .
Jesús Fernández Hernández ( born August 6 , 1975 in Villena , Alicante ) is a Spanish basketball player , playing the power forward position .
Alejandro González Rojas ( born March 3 , 1955 in Atenas ) is a former Costa Rican goalkeeper who played most of his career for Alajuelense in the Primera Division de Costa Rica .
David Collie Martin , universally known as Collie Martin , ( born 19 March 1890 in Brechin ; died 26 March 1917 in Ypres , Belgium ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward .
Mohammed Hameed Farhan ( Arabic : محمد حميد فرحان‎ , born January 24 , 1993 in Fallujah , Al - Anbar , Iraq ) is an Iraqi football goalkeeper who currently plays for Zakho in Iraqi Premier League and the Iraq national team .
Wolfram Wuttke ( 17 November 1961 -- 1 March 2015 ) was a German footballer who played as a midfielder .
Michaël Pereira ( born 8 December 1987 ) is a French professional footballer who plays for Spanish club RCD Mallorca as a winger .
Atanas Arshinkov ( Bulgarian : Атанас Аршинков ; born 8 April 1987 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Harald Ebertz ( born 18 May 1967 ) is a former German football goalkeeper .
Simone Pesce ( born 10 July 1982 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Novara in the Serie B.
Bernard Radford ( 23 January 1908 -- 2 October 1986 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward , and occasionally as an inside forward .
Cyril Špendla ( born 22 August 1979 in Šaľa ) is a former Slovak football defender who recently played for club MFK Dubnica .
Anton Kuryanov ( Russian : Антон Курьянов ; born March 11 , 1983 ) is a professional ice hockey centre forward who is currently playing for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Anestis Anastasiadis ( Greek : Ανέστης Αναστασιάδης ; born 21 January 1983 in Ptolemaida , Greece ) is a professional football defender currently playing for Kalloni .
Naji Shushan ( Arabic : ناجي الشوشان‎ ; born January 14 , 1981 in Tripoli , Libya ) is a Libyan football defender currently playing for Alahly .
Alberto Malusci ( born on June 23 , 1972 in Pistoia ) is an Italian former football ( defender ) .
Demetris Maris ( Greek : Δημήτρης Μάρης ; born 24 June 1979 in Athens ) is a Greek footballer who plays for THOI Lakatamia as a defender .
Mapuata Cédric Makiadi ( born 23 February 1984 ) is a Congolese international footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Turkish club Çaykur Rizespor .
Ma'aly Kaware ( born 11 March 1983 ) is a Palestinian footballer who plays as a midfielder for West Bank League club Markaz Shabab Al - Am'ari and the Palestine national team .
Juan Manuel Rodríguez Domínguez ( born 28 February 1972 ) , commonly known as Juanma , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender , and a current manager .
Romeo Fernandes ( born 6 July 1992 ) is an Indian footballer who plays primarily as a winger for Dempo of the I - League 2nd Division .
Leonardo Medeiros da Silva ( born 14 January 1988 ) , known as Léo Kanu , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São José - PA , as a central defender .
Gérald Passi ( born 21 January 1964 in Albi , Tarn ) is a former football midfielder .
Nenad Lukić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Лукић ; 14 December 1968 -- 10 February 2014 ) was a Serbian football goalkeeper .
Petr Kašpar ( born 26 June 1960 ) is a retired Czech football defender and current Director General of Slovak football club Slovan Bratislava .
Mohamed Benyahia ( born 30 June 1992 ) is an Algerian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MC Oran .
José Carlos dos Anjos Sávio , better known as Zé Carlos ( Criciúma , September 9 , 1985 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who acts as a goalkeeper .
Sameehg Doutie ( born May 31 , 1989 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder who plays for Atlético de Kolkata in the Indian Super League
Nate DiCasmirro ( born September 27 , 1978 ) is an ice hockey right winger who was born in Atikokan , Ontario but grew up in Burnsville , Minnesota , a suburb of Minneapolis .
Ritchie Kitoko ( born 11 June 1988 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Asteras Tripoli F.C. on loan from Udinese Calcio as a defensive midfielder .
Marlisa Wahlbrink ( born April 10 , 1973 in Porto Alegre ) , also known as Maravilha , is a retired Brazilian football player and goalkeeper in the women 's national team .
Mao Jiakang ( Chinese : 毛嘉康 ; Pinyin : Máo Jiākāng ; born 17 January 1991 in Shanghai ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai East Asia as a forward .
Amir Radi ( Persian : امیر رادی‎ , born January 7 , 1983 ) is an Iranian football midfielder .
Fabián Horacio Coronel ( born 29 June 1987 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Santamarina , as a right defender or defensive midfielder .
Thomas Vincensini ( born 12 September 1993 ) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SC Bastia in Ligue 1 .
Esteban Nicolás González ( born 16 September 1978 in Córdoba , Argentina ) is a former football midfielder that played for Belgrano of the Argentine Primera División .
No Yeon - bin ( Hangul : 노연빈 ; born 2 April 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Chungju Hummel in K League Challenge .
Florian Gothe ( born 9 August 1962 ) is a retired German football defender .
Marcelo José Oliveira ( born 5 September 1981 in Santa Rita do Sapucaí ) , commonly known as Marcelo Oliveira , is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Moreirense in the Portuguese Primeira Liga .
Graham Clapham ( born 23 September 1947 , Lincoln , Lincolnshire ) is a former English professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Emil Garipov ( born August 15 , 1991 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender of Tatar descent .
Simone Basso ( born 25 July 1982 ) is an Italian football forward who currently plays for Serie B side Trapani .
Adrian Valentić ( born 10 August 1987 ) is a Croatian professional footballer playing for SHB Đà Nẵng in V.League 1 as a defender .
Waleska Diaz ( born 2 April 1986 ) is a Honduran football player who currently plays as a midfielder .
Marcus Vinícius Vidal Cunha ( born 28 May 1992 in Rio de Janeiro ) , commonly known as Marquinhos Carioca or Marquinhos , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Club Atlético River Plate in Uruguay , as a midfielder .
Serhiy Kulynych ( Ukrainian : Сергій Вікторович Кулинич ; born 9 January 1995 in Mala Tokmachka , Orikhiv Raion , Zaporizhia Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender .
Roberto Ruiz Esparza Jr. ( born 14 April 1992 in Puebla , Puebla , Mexico ) is a professional footballer , currently playing as a forward for Merida in the Ascenso MX .
Luca Ricci ( born March 13 , 1989 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Italian Serie B club Varese on loan from A.C. Cesena .
Villiam Vecchi ( born December 28 , 1948 , in Scandiano , Reggio Emilia ) is a former Italian soccer goalkeeper , and currently the goalkeeping coach for Al Sadd .
You Yuanwen ( Chinese : 由元文 born 23 April 1986 ) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as midfielder or striker for Sichuan Longfor in the China League Two .
Mihail Valchev ( Bulgarian : Михаил Вълчев , born 13 October 1956 in Dalgopol ) is a former Bulgarian football forward .
Ismet Munishi ( born 3 October 1974 ) was an Kosovar footballer who has played as a midfielder .
Manuel Cervantes García ( born 6 April 1957 ) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Ibrahim Maaroufi ( Arabic : ابراهيم معروفي‎ ; born 18 January 1989 ) is a Moroccan football midfielder .
Jorge Larena - Avellaneda Roig ( born 29 September 1981 ) , known as Larena , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca F.C. usually as an attacking midfielder .
Nílton de Sordi ( 14 February 1931 -- 24 August 2013 ) , known simply as De Sordi , was a Brazilian footballer who played as a defender .
Michalis Sifakis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Σηφάκης ; born 9 September 1984 ) is a Greek footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Greek national team , who plays for Kortrijk .
Mathieu Berson ( born 23 February 1980 ) is a retired French footballer who until 2013 played for Championnat National club Vannes as a midfielder .
Abdel Malek El Hasnaoui ( pronunciation : ( ʕæbdɛlˈmælɪk ʔɛlˈħæsnawi ) ; born 9 February 1994 ) is a Dutch professional football player of Moroccan - Berber descent who plays as a midfielder for PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie .
Stanisław Oślizło ( born November 13 , 1937 in Wodzisław Śląski ) is a retired Polish footballer ( defender ) .
Jamal Sadat ( Amharic : ጃማል ጻዳት ? , born 2 July 1983 in Addis Abeba ) is an Ethiopian football goalkeeper .
Regan Kelly ( born 9 March 1981 in Watrous , Saskatchewan , but growing up in Imperial ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman .
Connor Calcutt ( born 10 October 1993 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Wealdstone in the Conference South .
Juha Riihijärvi ( born 15 December 1969 in Keminmaa , Finland ) is a former professional ice hockey left winger who played his last season for Bolzano - Bozen Foxes in Italian Serie A.
Ljubomir Mladenovski ( born May 2 , 1995 ) is a Macedonian professional basketball center who currently plays for MZT Skopje .
Kristján Finnbogason ( born 8 May 1971 ) is an Icelandic football goalkeeper playing for First Division side Grótta .
Mehdi Méniri ( Arabic : مهدي منيري‎ ) ( born June 29 , 1977 in Metz , France ) is a former Algerian football defender .
Siyabonga Nhlapo ( born 23 December 1988 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder who plays for Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League .
Tarcisio Catanese ( born 6 September 1967 ) is a retired Italian professional football midfielder who has more recently been involved in the sport as a manager .
Przemysław Kazimierczak ( Polish pronunciation : ( pʂɛˈmɨswaf kaʑiˈmʲɛrtʂak ) ; born 22 February 1988 ) is a Polish football goalkeeper .
Mateo Roskam ( born March 16 , 1987 in Split ) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Tampines Rovers in the S.League as a forward
Simon Farnworth ( born 28 October 1963 in Chorley , Lancashire ) is a former English footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Derek Shybunka ( born September 25 , 1970 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey and inline hockey goaltender .
Gaëtan Englebert ( born 11 June 1976 ) is a former Belgian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and the current director of football of RFC Liège .
Murod Zukhurov is an Uzbekistani goalkeeper who plays for FC Bunyodkor , he was born on 23 February 1983 in Tashkent .
Ulysse Adjagba ( born March 27 , 1993 ) is a French professional basketball player who currently plays for Aix Maurienne of the LNB Pro B. He is a 1.85 m ( 6 ft 1 in ) tall point guard .
Clive Ford ( born 10 April 1945 ) is an English former professional footballer who playued as a forward .
Brian Loftin ( born April 4 , 1972 in Kansas City , Missouri ) is a retired American soccer forward and was the commissioner of the Xtreme Soccer League .
Sébastien Gondouin ( born 15 March 1976 in Créteil ) is a retired French football ( soccer ) defender .
Itzhak Drucker ( Hebrew : יצחק דרוקר‎ ; born June 3 , 1947 ) is a former Israeli football defender , who played for Israel national football team between 1966 and 1970 .
Gianluca Bacchiocchi ( born 6 April 1987 , in Roma ) is an Italian association football midfielder who currently plays for S.S. Cavese 1919 .
Sebastião de Freitas Couto Júnior , better known as Sebá ( born June 8 , 1992 in Salvador ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Olympiacos F.C. mainly as a centre forward .
Mario Hieblinger ( born 5 July 1977 in Mistelbach , Lower Austria ) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for FC Pasching as a defender , while also serving as assistant coach .
Errol Palmer ( born 1945 ) is a retired professional basketball small forward who played one season in the American Basketball Association ( ABA ) as a member of the Minnesota Muskies ( 1967 - -68 ) .
Greg Neeld ( born February 25 , 1955 in Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a retired ice hockey defenceman .
Finn Døssing Jensen ( born 27 April 1941 ) is a Danish former footballer who played as a centre forward .
Sargis Hovhannisyan ( Armenian : Սարգիս Հովհաննիսյան , born 17 August 1968 ) , is a former Armenian football defender , who mostly spent his club career at FC Lokomotiv Moscow .
Klysman Lucas Lopes Silva ( born 15 June 1990 in Rio de Janeiro ) , aka Lucas Klysman is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Serzedelo on loan from Vitória Guimarães , as forward .
On 16 June 2011 , Zimbabwe international and former Warriors forward Evans Chikwaikwai has joined Premiership newcomers Chicken Inn .
Mauro Di Lello ( born 12 March 1978 ) is a professional footballer who most recently played for Maltese Premier League side Birkirkara , where he played as a defender .
Zarni Htet ( Burmese : ဇာနည်ထက် ; born 4 June 1994 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a defender for the Myanmar U-23 football team and Yangon United FC
Klaus Hirche ( born June 7 , 1939 ) is a German retired ice hockey goaltender , who competed for SG Dynamo Weißwasser .
Daryl Shore ( born January 6 , 1970 in Peekskill , New York ) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who was most recently head coach of Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the second division North American Soccer League .
André Luís Alves Santos , shortly Andre ( born 16 November 1972 ) is a Brazilian footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Daniel Cadena Sanchez ( born 9 February 1987 in Manzanilla , Andalucia , Spain ) is a football forward who currently plays for Slovenian team Krško .
Pablo Sarabia García ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' paβlo sa'ɾaβja ɣar'θi.a ) ; born 11 May 1992 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Getafe CF . Mainly an attacking midfielder , he can also play as a winger .
Calum Antell ( born 13 June 1992 ) is a Welsh footballer who plays for Nairn County as a goalkeeper .
Pedro Jorge Ramos Moreira ( born 16 January 1983 in Lisbon ) is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club U.D. Leiria as a forward .
Callum Camps is an English - born Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for League One side Rochdale .
Mickaël Debève ( born December 1 , 1970 in Abbeville ) is a former French footballer who played as a midfielder .
Achille Polonara ( born November 23 , 1991 ) is an Italian professional basketball player who plays Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia of the Italian Serie A. He plays primarily as power forward .
Harold John Court , commonly known as Jack Court ( 13 June 1919 in Tir - Phil , Wales -- 1975 ) was a former footballer who played as an inside forward .
Phùng Văn Nhiên ( born on November 23 , 1982 in Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a defender for Hải Phòng .
Jordan Simpson ( born 28 August 1985 in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ) is an Australian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for New South Wales Premier League club APIA Leichhardt .
Fayez Bandar ( born on December 7 , 1983 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer ( defender ) playing currently for Al Qadisiya Kuwait and Kuwait national football team .
Richie Richmond is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USISL and USL A - League .
Héctor Morán Correa ( born February 13 , 1962 in Durazno ) is a retired football midfielder from Uruguay , who was nicknamed `` Indio '' .
Julien Peyrelongue ( born April 2 , 1981 in Bayonne ) is a French rugby union fly - half , currently playing for the Pro D2 team Dax .
John Sludden ( born 29 December 1964 ) , is a Scottish former footballer who played as a forward for several clubs in the Scottish Football League .
Neil Freeman ( born 16 February 1955 ) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League .
Luca Marchegiani ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈluka markeˈdʒani ) ; born 22 February 1966 ) is an Italian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Kaido Saks ( born 24 July 1986 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays as a small forward .
Stewart Murdoch ( born 9 May 1990 ) is professional footballer playing as a midfielder for Ross County .
Ken Hesse ( born February 3 , 1972 in Denver , Colorado ) is a retired American soccer defender who played one game for the MetroStars in Major League Soccer .
Ahmed Mihoubi ( 2 June 1924 -- 24 January 2004 ) was an Algerian - born French former international football defender .
Davide Belotti ( born 24 May 1972 in Bollate ) is an Italian association football defender .
Sara Caroline Seger ( born 19 March 1985 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Sweden women 's national football team and Paris Saint - Germain of the French Division 1 Féminine .
Ruslan Abışov ( born 10 October 1987 ) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays as a defender , Azerbaijan Premier League club Gabala FK .
Marine Cano is a retired American professional soccer goalkeeper who played in the North American Soccer League , Major Indoor Soccer League , American Soccer League and Western Soccer Alliance .
Petar Radev ( Bulgarian : Петър Радев ; born July 6 , 1948 ) is a former Bulgarian ice hockey goaltender .
Denis Mujkić ( born September 2 , 1983 ) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper who is currently a Free Agent .
Rašid Avdić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Paшид Aвдић ; born 14 August 1980 in Loznica ) is a Serbian - born Bosnian professional football forward currently playing in the First League of Republika Srpska club FK Podrinje Janja .
Waldemar Kryger ( born 8 November 1968 in Poznań ) , is a former Polish footballer who played as a defender .
Alexandre Moreno ( born 3 October 1977 ) is a retired French professional footballer who played as a midfielder or a forward .
Henrik Bødker ( born 6 June 1983 ) is a Danish professional football midfielder , who currently plays for the Danish side Næstved BK .
John Orwin ( born 20 March 1954 ) is a former Rugby union lock .
Georgi Adamia ( Georgian : გიორგი ადამია born 10 March 1981 in Tbilisi , Georgia , Soviet Union ) is a Georgian football forward who last played for Sioni Bolnisi in the Georgian Umaglesi Liga .
Alyaksandr Yermakovich ( Belarusian : Аляксандр Ермаковіч ; Russian : Александр Ермакович ; born 21 January 1975 ) is a retired Belarusian football midfielder .
Carlos Armando Gruezo Arboleda ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈkarlos ˈɣɾweso ) ; born 19 April 1995 ) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Dallas in Major League Soccer .
Frank Bucci is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent three seasons in the American Soccer League and two in the Major Indoor Soccer League Bucci attended the University of Pittsburgh where he played on the men 's soccer team from 1974 to 1977 .
Johan Peltier ( born 26 March 1992 ) is a Trinidad and Tobago professional football forward who currently plays for the Central FC .
Dennis Reeves ( born 1 December 1944 , Lochmaben ) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Dimitrios Moutas ( born 15 April 1968 ) is a retired German - born Greek football forward .
Geoff Wegerle is a retired South African soccer forward who played professionally in Europe , South Africa and the North American Soccer League .
Peter Leigh ( born 4 March 1939 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender for Manchester City and Crewe Alexandra .
Fousseiny Tangara ( born 12 June 1978 in Bamako ) is a football goalkeeper from Mali who plays as Union sportive de Breteuil .
Matviy Bobal ( Ukrainian : Матвій Матвійович Бобаль ; born 27 May 1984 in Uzhhorod ) is a Ukrainian football forward for SC Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Monika Cvernová is a Czech football midfielder .
Pietro Pipolo ( born 27 February 1986 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and is currently unattached .
David Howells ( born 15 December 1967 ) is an English former professional footballer , born in Guildford , Surrey , who played in the Football League as a midfielder for Tottenham Hotspur , with whom he spent the majority of his career , Southampton and Bristol City .
Matthew McGinley ( born 15 August 1989 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper .
Pedro Lino Iyanga Bama ( born 15 June 1982 in Bata ) , known as Lino , is an Equatoguinean football defender .
Jørn Jamtfall ( born 24 July 1966 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian football coach and a former goalkeeper .
Viliame Waqaseduadua ( born 23 April 1983 in Suva , Fiji ) is a New Zealand rugby union player , usually as a wing .
Vassilis Mytilinaios ( Greek : Βασίλης Μυτιληναίος ; born Genk , Belgium 7 March 1982 ) is a Greek football goalkeeper .
Diego Díaz Garrido ( born 30 December 1968 in Madrid ) , known simply as Diego , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Oswaldo Henríquez ( born March 10 , 1989 in Santa Marta , Magdalena ) is a Colombian football defender , who currently plays for Sport Recife in the Campeonato Brasileiro .
George Holley ( 20 November 1885 -- 27 August 1942 ) was an English professional footballer who spent most of his career as an inside forward with Sunderland , helping them claim the Football League title in 1913 .
Revson Cordeiro dos Santos ( born 20 December 1987 in Cascavel ) , simply known as Revson , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Avaí .
Romano Obilinović ( born 27 September 1979 ) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward , currently free agent .
Sreten Sretenović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cpeтeн Cpeтeнoвић ; born 12 January 1985 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Polish club KS Cracovia as a central defender .
Pascal Chimbonda ( born 21 February 1979 ) is a French professional footballer who played as a defender for French side AC Arles - Avignon before he was released in February 2015 .
Sandy McLaughlan ( 1936 -- 1990 ) was a Scottish football goalkeeper , who played for Kilmarnock and Sunderland .
Mahir Yousef is a Qatari footballer who plays as a forward .
Mugurel Dumitru is a retired Romanian association football forward who played professionally in the USISL A - League .
Brian Rowland ( born December 30 , 1980 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian soccer player who was a goalkeeper in both the indoor and outdoor versions of the sport .
Giorgio Di Vicino ( born 16 July 1980 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Meistriliiga club Sillamäe Kalev .
Muhammad Al - Hafiz Hamzah ( born 15 March 1984 in Pendang , Kedah ) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Johor Darul Ta'zim II F.C. in Malaysia Premier League .
Yankuba Ceesay also known as Maal ( born on June 26 , 1984 ) is a Gambian footballer ( midfielder ) , who plays in Finnish Kakkonen for Kokkolan Palloveikot .
Răzvan Lucescu ( born 17 February 1969 ) is a Romanian former football goalkeeper and current coach of Skoda Xanthi .
Reza Karamolachaab ( Persian : رضا کرملاچعب‎‎ ) is an Iranian football forward who is currently play for Mafra in the the Portuguese Segunda Liga .
Mark Cavallin ( born October 20 , 1971 ) is a Canadian - British former professional ice hockey goaltender .
Goran Lazarevski ( Macedonian : Гopaн Лaзapeвcки ; born 17 December 1974 in Prilep ) is a retired Macedonian international football midfielder .
Hartwig Bleidick ( born 26 December 1944 ) is a former football defender .
Guilherme Mata Oliveira ( born 12 April 1995 in Venda do Pinheiro ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Sporting B , as a goalkeeper .
Josta Dladla ( born 13 July 1979 , Soweto , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder for National First Division club Moroka Swallows and South Africa .
Héctor Fabián Carini Hernández ( born 26 December 1979 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan football goalkeeper who plays for Juventud de Las Piedras
Ronald Thomas Burbeck ( born 27 February 1934 ) , known as Ron or Ronnie Burbeck , is an English former footballer who scored 25 goals from 160 appearances in the Football League playing as a winger for Leicester City , Middlesbrough and Darlington .
Ramón Blanco Rodríguez ( 20 February 1952 -- 9 May 2013 ) was a Spanish football defensive midfielder and manager .
João Leite da Silva Neto , known simply as João Leite ( Pitangui , October 13 , 1955 ) , is a former Brazilian football goalkeeper who played for Atlético Mineiro in the decades of 1970 , 1980 and 1990 .
Haris Mehmedagić ( born 29 March 1988 ) is a Croatian defender ( football ) , currently playing for NK Novigrad in the Croatian Treća HNL Zapad .
George Beel ( 26 February 1900 -- 30 December 1980 ) was a professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Santiago Prim ( born May 11 , 1990 in Campana ) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Acassuso .
Iván Tóth ( born 22 March 1971 , Budapest ) is a retired Hungarian goalkeeper .
Lucas Molina ( 30 March 1984 -- 28 April 2004 ) was an Argentine professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Independiente .
Andranik Voskanyan ( Armenian : Անդրանիկ Ոսկանյան , born 11 April 1990 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian football player who currently plays as a defender for the Armenian national team and the Armenian Premier League club Alashkert FC .
Zhao Mingjian ( simplified Chinese : 赵明剑 ; traditional Chinese : 趙明劍 ; pinyin : Zhào Míngjiàn ; born 22 November 1987 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese footballer who plays as a right - midfielder for Shandong Luneng in the Chinese Super League .
Marc - André Bourdon ( born September 17 , 1989 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Artūrs Irbe ( born February 2 , 1967 ) is a Latvian professional ice hockey coach and former goaltender .
Kamran Aghayev ( Azerbaijani : Kamran Ağayev ; born on 9 February 1986 in Şabran ) is an Azerbaijani goalkeeper who currently plays for Inter Baku .
Erwin Lemmens ( born 12 May 1976 ) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and the current goalkeeper coach of K.R.C. Genk and the Belgian national team .
Mario Da Pozzo ( born July 9 , 1939 in Legnago , Province of Verona ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper .
Denni Rocha dos Santos , usually known as Denni ( born 21 August 1982 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Hibernians , where he plays as a midfielder .
Wanderley Santos Monteiro Júnior , or simply Wanderley ( born October 11 , 1988 in Campinas ) , is a Brazilian forward who currently plays for Arab Gulf League side Al Sharjah SC .
Marc Vales González ( born 4 April 1990 ) is an Andorran footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza B as a defender or a defensive midfielder .
Ryan Price ( born 13 March 1970 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Macclesfield Town .
Ahmad Abbas Hattab Al - Saedi ( Arabic : احمد عباس حطاب الساعدي‎ , born May 9 , 1994 in Basra , Iraq ) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a Center midfielder for Al - Minaa in Iraq Premier League .
Ilter Tashkin ( according to other sources : Tashkin Ilter , Azerbaijani : İlter Taşkın , born on 5 July 1994 in Berlin ) is a German - born Azerbaijani football midfielder .
Luidjino Martir Hojer ( born 5 February 1988 ) known as Luidjino Hoyer , is a Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Magreb'90 in the Dutch Topklasse and for the Curaçao national team .
Yusei Ogasawara ( born April 16 , 1988 ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Nakhon Pathom United in the Thai Division 1 League .
Abderrahim Chkilit ( Arabic : عبد الرحيم شكيليط ) ( born 14 February 1976 ) is a Moroccan football defender who plays for Widad Fez .
Juraj Segarić ( born 20 June 1993 ) is a Croatian professional basketball player , currently playing as a point guard for Široki Primorka of the Bosnian League .
Tamás Hajnal ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈtɒmaːʃ ˈhɒjnɒl ) ; born 15 March 1981 in Esztergom , Hungary ) is a Hungarian football midfielder currently playing for Hungarian League club Ferencváros .
Thamsanqa Sangweni ( born May 26 , 1989 in Empangeni , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club Chippa United on loan from Mamelodi Sundowns .
Chen Po - liang ( simplified Chinese : 陈柏良 ; traditional Chinese : 陳柏良 ; pinyin : Chén Bǎiliáng ; born August 11 , 1988 ) is a professional Taiwanese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Chinese Super League side Hangzhou Greentown .
João Ricardo Pereira Batalha dos Santos Ferreira ( born 7 January 1970 in Sá da Bandeira , Portuguese Angola ) , known as João Ricardo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ʒuˈɐ̃w̃ ʁiˈkaɾðu ) ) , is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Hans Malmström ( 9 June 1921 -- 1994 ) was a Swedish footballer who played as a defender .
José Díaz Pablo is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward , and a current manager .
Georges Lamia ( 14 March 1933 -- 10 March 2014 ) was a French former football goalkeeper .
Denis Connaghan ( born 9 January 1945 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish former football goalkeeper , who played for Celtic , St. Mirren , Morton and Clyde .
Pedro Astray López ( born 18 March 1992 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central midfielder .
Robert Van Kerkhoven ( born 1 October 1924 ) was a Belgian international footballer who played as a midfielder .
Edelbert Dinha ( born 13 March 1973 in Salisbury ) is a former Zimbabwean football ( soccer ) midfielder .
Maxim Noreau ( born May 24 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) while under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Versatile Érika played as a forward for her clubs and Brazil 's youth teams , but mainly as a central defender or `` volante '' ( defensive midfielder ) for the senior national team .
Troy Bodie ( born January 25 , 1985 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger .
Francisco Garza Gutiérrez ( 14 March 1904 -- 30 October 1965 ) was a Mexican footballer ( defender ) .
Ivan Bilyi ( Ukrainian : Іван Іванович Білий ; born 27 January 1988 in Truskavets , Lviv Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Desna Chernihiv in the Ukrainian Second League .
Francisco Santiago Reyes Villalba , commonly known as Francisco Reyes ( July 4 , 1941 -- July 31 , 1976 ) , was a Paraguayan football midfielder and central defender , who played in several top level clubs and in the Paraguayan national football team .
Shahrulnizam Mustapa ( born 2 April 1981 , in Ipoh , Perak ) , also known as `` Arul '' , is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Malaysian Super League team Felcra F.C ..
Nicola Pavarini ( born 24 February 1974 in Brescia ) is a retired Italian footballer , who last played as a goalkeeper for Parma F.C. in Serie A.
Nils Ola Toivonen ( born 3 July 1986 ) is a Swedish footballer , who plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for Premier League side Sunderland , on loan from Rennes , and the Sweden national team .
Eric Vasquez ( born November 18 , 1982 in Miami , Florida ) is an American soccer player , who last played as a midfielder for Miami FC .
Ivan Ostojić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Остојић ; born 26 June 1989 ) is a Serbian football defender who currently plays for Spartak Myjava .
Cristo Marrero Henríquez ( born 10 November 1978 ) , known simply as Cristo , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward .
Miguel Avila is a retired Colombian - American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and American Soccer League .
João Pedro Alves Ribeiro ( born 10 June 1994 in Esgueira , Aveiro ) known as Balacó , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Beira - Mar as a midfielder .
Richard Arends ( born 5 September 1990 in Opheusden ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper .
Thomas Ravelli ( pronounced ( ˈtuːmas raˈvɛlːɪ ) ; born 13 August 1959 ) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Syarhey Kazeka ( Belarusian : Сяргей Казека ; Russian : Серге́й Козека ; born 17 August 1986 in Baranovichi ) is a Belarusian footballer ( midfielder ) playing currently for Shakhtyor Soligorsk .
Tomasz Zdebel ( born 25 May 1973 ) is a retired Polish - German footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Rubén Rayos Serna ( born 21 June 1986 ) , commonly known as Rayo , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for French club FC Sochaux - Montbéliard as an attacking midfielder .
Nassim Mendil ( born 27 March 1979 ) is a French football player who last played as a forward for Villacidrese in the Italian Lega Pro Seconda Divisione .
Barry Lakin ( born 19 December 1973 in Dartford , Kent ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League , as a midfielder .
Gary Shelton ( born March 21 , 1958 in Nottingham , England ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder .
Albert Milambo - Mutamba , known as Mutamba Milambo ( born 1 December 1984 in Mbuji - Mayi ) is a Congolese football midfielder .
Mario Ielpo ( born June 8 , 1963 in Rome ) is an Italian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Cyril Hodges ( died September 1979 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward .
Tommy Dixon ( 8 June 1929 -- 6 February 2014 ) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward .
Hakan Çalhanoğlu ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈhaːkan ˈt͡ʃaɫhanoːɫu ) , born 8 February 1994 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for German club Bayer Leverkusen and the Turkey national team .
Letladi Madubanya ( born 13 February 1984 in Alexandra , Gauteng ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defensive midfielder for AmaZulu .
Antonio Nocerino ( Italian pronunciation : ( anˈtɔːnjo notʃeˈriːno ) ; born 9 April 1985 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Milan .
Tero Leinonen ( born 9 March 1975 in Mikkeli , Finland ) is an ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing with the Iserlohn Roosters in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Kelvin Onosiughe ( born 2 May 1992 Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian - born naturalized Equatoguinean football Central midfielder , who plays for KF Turbina Cërrik in the Albanian First Division football club is located in Cërrik in Albania
Will Bowley ( born 5 March 1984 in Kettering , Northamptonshire ) is an English rugby union player He plays as a lock The Kettering - born lock has represented England at Under-18 , U19 and U21 level .
Luca Nizzetto ( born 8 March 1986 in Verona ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Serie B side Modena .
Kim Jung - moo ( Korean : 김정무 ) born June 3 , 1986 in Seoul ) was a Korean ice hockey goaltender .
Mohamed Khalaf is an Egyptian footballer defender .
Albert Freeman ( 21 October 1899 -- unknown ) was an English professional association footballer who played as an inside forward .
Jordan Robinson is an English football defender who plays for Darlington 1883 .
Chelsea Buckland ( born January 20 , 1990 ) is a Canadian former soccer forward who played for the Oregon State Beavers and the Canadian women 's national team .
Álex Rodrigo da Rosa Comelles ( born June 1 , 1976 in Santiago , Brasil ) , best known as Álex da Rosa , is a naturalized Bolivian football midfielder , who plays for Bolivar in the Bolivian First Division .
Éber Luís Cucchi , ( born September 20 , 1981 in Caxias do Sul ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for EC Pelotas in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D where he plays as a forward .
Miguel Angel Lavié da Cunda better known simply as Miguel Lavié ( born 15 April 1986 ) is an Uruguayan professional football defender playing for Heredia Jaguares de Peten in the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala .
Mark Szücs ( born November 4 , 1976 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian - born Austrian ice hockey left winger currently playing for EHC Black Wings Linz of the Austrian Hockey League .
Demetris Daskalakis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Δασκαλάκης ) ( born November 18 , 1977 in Greece ) is a Greek - Cypriot football defender who last played for Ergotelis .
Alibek Buleshev ( Kazakh : Әлібек Бөлешев ) is a Kazakhstani football forward born on 9 April 1981 who plays for FC Okzhetpes .
Kristiyan Hristiyanov ( Bulgarian : Кристиян Християнов ) ( born 11 September 1978 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently ( as of July 2010 ) playing for Nesebar as a forward .
Valeriy Luchkevych ( Ukrainian : Валерій Ігорович Лучкевич ; born 11 January 1996 in Zaporizhya , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder for Ukrainian Premier League club Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk .
Pavel Kováč ( born 12 August 1974 ) is a Slovak goalkeeper who currently plays for Slovak club FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce .
Guido Moda ( 11 July 1885 -- 5 November 1957 ) was an Italian professional footballer , who played as a defender , and football manager .
Adam Whitelock ( born 17 April 1987 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a midfield back or wing for the Crusaders in Super Rugby and Canterbury in the ITM Cup .
Paulo Marcos de Jesus Ribeiro ( born 25 February 1986 ) , known as Paulão , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Internacional as a centre - back .
Marian Zeciu ( born on 25 February 1977 in Bucharest , Romania ) is a retired Armenian footballer of Romanian background , who played as a defender .
Tony Wingate ( born 21 March 1955 ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Colchester United .
Lucia Ondrušová is a Slovakian football midfielder , currently playing for FC Neunkirch in the Nationalliga A. Previously she played 5 years in the Czech First Division for Sparta Prague , where was very popular among fans .
Detelin Cheneshkov ( Bulgarian : Детелин Ченешков ) ( born 7 August 1984 ) is a Bulgarian football player , who currently plays for Botev Kozloduy as a midfielder .
Sebastian Giovinco ( Italian pronunciation : ( seˈbastjan dʒoˈviŋko ) ; born 26 January 1987 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Canadian club Toronto FC of Major League Soccer ( MLS ) , and the Italian national team as a forward .
Shaun Garnett ( born 22 November 1969 , Wallasey , Cheshire ) is a former English professional footballer who played as a defender .
Björn Vlasbom ( born 28 January 1990 in Dordrecht ) is a former Dutch professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Daniel Colindres Solera ( born January 10 , 1985 ) is a Costa Rican professional forward currently playing for Saprissa .
Matteo Chinellato ( born 2 September 1991 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward who plays for Italian Lega Pro club Cuneo , on loan from A.C. Milan .
Mick Buckley ( 4 November 1953 -- 7 October 2013 ) was an English footballer who played for Everton , Sunderland , Hartlepool United , Carlisle United and Middlesbrough as a midfielder .
Clayton Daniels , previously Clayton Jagers , ( born July 10 , 1984 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African footballer who plays for Premier Soccer League club Supersport United as a defender .
Alexandros Tziolis ( Greek : Αλέξανδρος Τζιόλης ; born 13 February 1985 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC and the Greek national team as a defensive midfielder .
Brandon Fernandes ( born 20 September 1994 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Mohun Bagan on loan from Mumbai City in the I - League .
Pierre Bouby ( born 17 October 1983 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Orléans , on loan from Auxerre .
Ilias Kotsios ( Greek : Ηλίας Κώτσιος ; born 25 April 1977 in Larissa ) is a Greek footballer who plays as defender for Levadiakos in the Superleague Greece .
Bob Rigby ( born July 3 , 1951 in Ridley Park , Pennsylvania ) is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper .
Walace Souza Silva ( born 4 April 1995 ) , or simply Walace , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Grêmio .
Ihor Skoba ( Ukrainian : Ігор Олегович Скоба ; born 21 May 1982 , in Dzhankoy , in the Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Ukrainian Second League club Arsenal Kyiv .
Frane Poparić ( born January 4 , 1959 in Sinj , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian former football defender who played for several Croatian and foreign football clubs .
Alyaksey Khaletski ( Belarusian : Аляксей Халецкі ; Russian : Алексей Халецкий ; born 19 June 1984 in Minsk ) is a Belarusian footballer ( defender ) playing currently for Gorodeya .
Stewart Davidson was a Scottish professional football right - winger who played for Aberdeen and Middlesbrough .
Mickaël Barreto ( born 18 January 1991 ) is a French footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Orléans .
Martin Ďurica ( born 11 July 1981 in Žilina ) is a Slovakian football midfielder currently playing for FK Senica , who has represented the Slovakia national team playing in the qualifiers for Euro 2004 .
Giovanni Morabito ( born 26 January 1978 in Reggio Calabria ) is a retired Italian football ( soccer ) defender , who last played for Licata .
Nepo Laulala ( born 11 June 1991 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a Prop for Canterbury in the ITM Cup .
José Manuel Flores Moreno ( born 6 March 1987 ) , commonly known as Chico or Chico Flores , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Lekhwiya SC as a central defender .
Nguyễn Mạnh Dũng ( born April 29 , 1981 ) is a Vietnamese football goalkeeper who plays for The Vissai Ninh Bình and a member of Vietnam national football team since 2011 to 2014 .
Derrick Mercer is an American basketball player who played point guard for American University .
Kareem Reid ( b. August 27 , 1975 ) is a former point guard in the National Basketball Development League .
Arthur Bartman ( born 26 March 1972 in Pietermaritzburg , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a retired South African football ( soccer ) goalkeeper who last played for Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League .
Rene Moller ( born 15 February 1946 ) is a Danish former footballer , who played as a forward for Randers Freja and Heart of Midlothian .
Espen Børufsen ( born 4 March 1988 ) is a Norwegian football midfielder who currently plays for Start , where he has played his entire professional career .
Rafael Ramos Lozano ( born 18 September 1982 ) , known as Rafita , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Hércules CF . On the right side of the pitch , he can appear as both a defender or a midfielder .
Osvaldo Carro ( born 23 October 1973 in Colonia ) is a Uruguayan football player who plays as an attacking midfielder .
Andreas Dahlén ( born 11 December 1982 in Gävle ) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender .
Glory Iroka ( born 3 January 1990 ) is a Nigerian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Nigerian Women 's Championship club Rivers Angels and the Nigeria women 's national football team .
Alan Tarbuck ( born 10 October 1948 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger for Everton , Crewe Alexandra , Chester , Preston North End , Shrewsbury Town , Rochdale , and Bangor City .
Mark Babic ( born 24 April 1973 ) is a former Australian Association football who played as a defender .
Knut Hartwig ( born 13 November 1969 ) is retired a German football midfielder .
Cleve Kinley ( born January 3 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman in the Norwegian GET - ligaen .
Isaac Donkor ( born 15 August 1995 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a centre back for Italian club Bari on loan from Internazionale .
Enrique Martín Monreal Lizarraga ( born 9 March 1956 ) , known as Martín , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward , and the current coach of CA Osasuna .
Arjan Vermeulen ( born March 19 , 1969 in Culemborg , Gelderland ) is a Dutch former football defender .
Katie Larkin ( born 19 March 1987 , in Draper , Utah ) is an American soccer midfielder who played for the Atlanta Beat of Women 's Professional Soccer .
Li Hon Ho ( Chinese : 李瀚灝 ; Jyutping : lei5 hon6 hou6 , born on 14 July 1986 in Hong Kong ) , is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Hong Kong First Division League side Eastern Salon .
Tamás Szamosi ( born 27 November 1974 in Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian defender who playing for Szigetszentmiklósi TE .
Reuben Hazell ( born 24 April 1979 in Birmingham , West Midlands ) is an English football defender of Jamaican descent who is currently unattached , having last played for Shrewsbury Town in League One .
Daniele Abbracciante ( born 8 April 1994 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Italian third level club Ischia
Nicky Johns is a retired English football goalkeeper who played both in the Football League and the North American Soccer League .
Tomislav Piplica ( born 5 April 1969 ) is a retired Bosnian goalkeeper before and current manager .
Veton Berisha ( born 13 April 1994 ) is a Norwegian footballer of Albanian descent who plays as a forward for Greuther Fürth .
Giovanni Bucaro ( born 20 November 1970 in Palermo ) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender during the 1990s , and current coach .
Nadiem Amiri ( Persian : ندیم امیری‎‎ , born 27 October 1996 ) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1899 Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga .
Ruslan Elá Eyene ( born 7 November 1983 ) , known as Elá , is an Equatoguinean retired footballer who played as a left back or a central defender .
František Plánička ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈfrancɪʃɛk ˈplaːɲɪtʃka ) ; 2 June 1904 -- 20 July 1996 ) was a Czech football goalkeeper and one of the most honoured players in the history of Czechoslovakian football .
Wesam Rizik ( Arabic : وسام رزق‎ ; born on 5 February 1981 ) is a Qatari footballer who is a midfielder for El Jaish .
Nurbol Zhumaskaliyev ( Kazakh : Нұрбол Жұмасқалиев ) is a Kazakh football attacking midfielder and forward .
Steeve Yago ( born 16 December 1992 ) is a French - born Burkinabé footballer who plays as a defender for Toulouse .
Peter Ankersen ( born 22 September 1990 ) is a Danish football defender playing for Danish Superliga side F.C. Copenhagen , on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg .
Manuel Zúñiga Fernández ( born 29 June 1960 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder , and a current manager .
Stephan van der Walt ( born 21 April 1991 in Klerksdorp , South Africa ) is a rugby union player who plays as either an outside - centre or winger .
Murray Hood ( born November 17 , 1964 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played 138 games with the Hampton Roads Admirals of the East Coast Hockey League between 1989 and 1991 .
Irênio José Soares Filho or simply Irênio ( born May 27 , 1975 in Carangola ) , is a former Brazilian footballer who played as attacking midfielder .
Marciel Silva da Silva ( born 8 March 1995 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as midfielder for Cruzeiro on loan from Corinthians .
Thibault Tchicaya ( born 17 July 1983 ) is a Gabon international footballer who plays as a defender who plays for Missile FC .
Mehmet Çetingöz ( born May 12 , 1991 in Şanlıurfa , Turkey ) is a Turkish wheelchair basketball player in center position .
Aderito Raul Fernandes ( born 15 May 1997 ) , is a football player who currently plays as goalkeeper for Timor - Leste national football team .
Krzysztof Hausner ( March 13 , 1944 in Kraków -- January 26 , 2004 in Kraków ) was a Polish football right - wing forward , most notable for his performances for Cracovia Krakow .
Lee Winston Leandro da Silva Oliveira , or simply Lee ( born 9 March 1988 in São Paulo ) is a goalkeeper who plays for Académica de Coimbra in Portugal .
Dušan Andrić ( Cyrillic : Душан Андрић , born 8 May 1948 in Nikšić , Yugoslavia ) is a former Montenegrin footballer who was best known as a midfielder of Red Star Belgrade in the 1960s .
Rolando Mandragora ( born 29 June 1997 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a center midfielder for Serie B club Pescara , on loan from Serie A club Juventus .
Maher Atta is a retired soccer defender who played professionally in the USISL A - League and National Professional Soccer League .
Ivo Passeira Nicolau ( born 21 March 1983 ) , simply known as Ivo Nicolau is a Portuguese professional footballer playing for Portimonense in Segunda Liga as a defender .
Mladen Kašćelan ( Cyrillic : Mлaдeн Kaшћeлaн , born 13 February 1983 in Kotor ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for FC Tosno , as midfielder .
Duncan Harrigan was a footballer who played as a centre forward in the Football League for Crewe Alexandra and Chester City .
Norman Lees ( born 18 November 1948 ) is an English former footballer who made 145 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Hull City , Hartlepool United and Darlington in the 1960s and 1970s .
Marcel Cupák ( born 19 December 1973 ) is a Czech footballer who played as a forward .
Aender Naves Mesquita ( commonly known as Naves , Chinese : 安達 ; born 12 February 1983 in Barra do Garças , Mato Grosso , Brazil ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Wofoo Tai Po , as a defensive midfielder .
Adolfo Nef Sanhueza ( born January 18 , 1946 ) is a former Chilean football goalkeeper , who played for the Chile national team between 1969 and 1977 , gaining 42 caps .
Sébastien Frey ( born 18 March 1980 in Thonon - les - Bains ) is a French former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Keylor Antonio Navas Gamboa ( born 15 December 1986 ) , known as Keylor Navas ( American Spanish : ( kei'lor ' na.βas ) ) , is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Costa Rica national team as a goalkeeper .
Scott Hooper ( born 14 January 1995 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Queen of the South .
Orhan Aktaş ( born 21 October 1994 in Würselen ) is a German footballer of Turkish descent who plays as a defender for İstanbulspor in Turkey .
Isaac Kuoki ( born May 6 , 1978 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian football attacking midfielder .
Nenad Đurović ( Cyrillic : Heнaд Ђуpoвић , born 17 January 1986 ) is a Montenegrin football defender playing for FK Sutjeska Nikšić .
Jordan Manihera ( born 8 May 1993 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a flanker for North Harbour in the ITM Cup and the Blues in Super Rugby .
Danilo Rafael dos Santos Vivaldo ( born 12 January 1987 in São Paulo , Brazil ) , simply known as Danilo Vivaldo , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender .
Martin Lambert ( born in Southampton on 24 September 1965 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Pertti Alaja ( born 18 February 1952 ) is a Finnish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Paul Wartel ( 26 April 1903 -- 27 April 1976 ) was a French football defender who , between 1926 and 1933 , played for Red Star and FC Sochaux - Montbéliard and , between 1933 and 1960 , managed and coached five teams .
Nino Chkuaseli ( Georgian : ნინო ჩკუასელი , born September 22 , 1988 ) is a Georgian women 's football goalkeeper .
Dragan Stojkić ( born October 7 , 1975 in Split , Croatia ) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper , currently playing for HNK Zmaj Makarska .
Carlos García García ( born 13 August 1970 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender or a defensive midfielder .
Gino Coutinho ( born 5 August 1982 ) is a Dutch footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for AZ in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Yordan Stoykov played as a defender in Lokomotiv Sofia from 1970 to 1983 , as record 336 appearances for his home club .
Carlos Arce ( born 4 February 1985 in Lanús ) is an Argentine football defender .
Dominik Livaković ( born 9 January 1995 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for NK Zagreb on a loan from GNK Dinamo Zagreb as a goalkeeper .
Luciano Lima da Silva ( born 11 March 1981 ) , commonly known as Luciano Bebê is a Brazilian footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Omonoia in Cypriot First Division .
Christophe Bonvin ( born 14 July 1965 ) is a former Swiss football ( soccer ) player in midfielder role .
Víctor Marco Soler ( born 14 June 1982 in Valencia ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Mensajero mainly as a central defender but also as a left back .
Maksym Kalenchuk ( born 9 January 1989 in Donetsk , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Stefan Durić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стефан Дуриц ; born 22 May 1995 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a forward .
Sandis Valters ( born 31 August 1978 ) is a retired professional basketball shooting guard , who last played for BK Ventspils .
Carlos Renato Frederico , best known as Renato ( born in Morungaba , São Paulo State , February 21 , 1957 ) is a former association footballer in offensive midfielder role .
Dragan Starčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драган Старчевић ; born 1 July 1977 ) is a Serbian football goalkeeper .
Patrik Vajda ( born 20 March 1989 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a defender for the Fortuna Liga club FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová .
Thato Mokeke ( born 1 April 1989 ) is a South African international footballer who plays for SuperSport United , as a central defender .
Jordi Gómez García - Penche ( born 24 May 1985 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Blackburn Rovers , on loan from Sunderland .
Seamus McBennett is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Cardiff City and Tranmere Rovers .
Stefan Kostadinov ( Bulgarian : Стефан Костадинов ) ( born 21 June 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who plays for Botev Plovdiv as a midfielder .
Marko Klisura ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Клисура ; born 15 October 1992 ) is a Serbian football defender , who plays for Bačka Bačka Palanka .
Andrzej Bednarz ( born 22 December 1980 in Kraków , Poland ) is a professional Polish football player for B71 Sandoy who plays as a defender .
Peter Canero ( born 18 January 1981 ) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a defender and midfielder .
Alexander Juel Andersen ( born January 29 , 1991 ) is a Danish football defender , who plays for the Danish First Division club AGF Aarhus .
Trent Hunter ( born June 5 , 1980 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger , who currently an Unrestricted Free Agent .
Antonio Piergüidi ( born 25 August , 1985 in Henderson , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina ) , is a football forward who most recently played for Quilmes in the Argentine 2nd division .
Randeep Singh ( born 16 November 1990 in Gurdaspur , Punjab , India ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Salgaocar in the I - League .
Ni Yusong ( simplified Chinese : 倪玉崧 ; traditional Chinese : 倪玉嵩 ; pinyin : Ní Yùsōng ) is a professional Chinese footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Liaoning Whowin in the Chinese Super League .
Grzegorz Krychowiak ( ( ˈɡʐɛɡɔʐ krɨˈxɔvʲak ) ; born 29 January 1990 ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sevilla FC as a defensive midfielder .
Diego Cervero Otero ( born 13 August 1983 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Oviedo as a centre forward .
Kevin Knight ( born October 22 , 1976 in Fairfax , Virginia ) is an American retired professional soccer defender .
Pól Jóhannus Justinussen ( born 13 January 1989 ) is a Faroese international footballer who plays for the Faroese team NSÍ , as a defender or winger .
Mohamed Redouane Guemri ( born 30 November 1956 in Oran ) is an Algerian football forward who played for Algeria .
Luciano Bodini ( born February 12 , 1954 in Leno ) is a retired Italian professional football player , who played in the position of goalkeeper .
Andriy Petrovych Oliynyk is a Ukrainian footballer playing as forward .
Durmuş Bayram ( born on March 15 , 1986 in Germany ) is a professional football defender .
Roman Lutsenko ( born 20 January 1985 in Hlukhiv , Sumy Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Ryan Lamb ( born 18 May 1986 in Gloucester ) is a rugby union player who plays at fly - half for Worcester Warriors in the RFU Championship .
Argjend Mustafa ( born 30 August 1992 in Vučitrn ) is a Kosovar - Albanian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga .
Branislav Šušolík ( born 16 October 1998 ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the club Žilina .
Chavdar Atanasov ( Bulgarian : Чавдар Атанасов ) ( born 3 February 1973 in Vratsa ) is a Bulgarian retired football attacking midfielder .
Willie Mailey ( 13 June 1943 -- June 1992 ) was a Scottish professional football goalkeeper who played for Everton , Crewe Alexandra and Altrincham .
Koray Günter ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkoːˌʀaɪ ˈɡʏntɐ ) , Turkish pronunciation : ( koɾaj ɟyntæɾ ) ; born 16 August 1994 ) is a German professional footballer of Turkish descent , who plays as a centre back for Turkish club Galatasaray .
Juan Antonio López Moreno , commonly known as Juanín ( born 6 October 1958 ) , is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Jadson Viera Castro or simply Jadson ( born 4 August 1981 ) is a Uruguayan football defender born in Brazil who currently plays for Danubio .
Vladimir Kaptiev ( Bulgarian : Владимир Каптиев ; born 14 July 1987 in Satovcha ) is a Bulgarian football forward , who currently plays for Septemvri Simitli .
Noureddine Kacemi ( Arabic : نور الدين قاسمي‎ ) is a Moroccan football defender .
Domingos Carrilho Demétrio ( 29 June 1922 -- 28 July 1989 ) , commonly known as Patalino , was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward .
Shamet Luta ( born 26 June 1995 in Elbasan ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for KF Elbasani in the Albanian First Division .
An Yong - woo ( Hangul : 안용우 ; born 10 August 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a forward for Jeonnam Dragons in the K League Classic .
Nigel de Jong ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈnɑjdʒəl də ˈjɔŋ ) ; born 30 November 1984 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Major League Soccer club Los Angeles Galaxy and the Netherlands national team .
Michael Garibaldi is a lead fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 , played by Jerry Doyle .
Something Like a War is an Indian documentary by Deepa Dhanraj made in 1991 .
Jaka Sembung ( also titled The Warrior for international distribution ) is a 1981 Indonesian fantasy martial arts film , based on a character of the same name on a comic book by Djair .
Manhunt in Space is a 75-minute 1954 American science fiction film , consisting of three consecutive episodes of the TV series Rocky Jones , Space Ranger , which told a continuous story .
One - Eyed Monster is a 2008 sci - fi / horror comedy film directed by Adam Fields about the cast and crew of an adult film having an encounter with a different kind of monster while filming in the Northern California mountains .
No Joke is a Canadian documentary released in 2013 .
The China Shop is a short animated Disney cartoon , it was released in 1934 in the Silly Symphonies series .
Death Line is a 1972 British horror film , distributed as Raw Meat in the United States .
The Zen of Bennett is a 2012 American documentary film that depicts the life of jazz singer Tony Bennett .
Itt a szabadság ! is a 1991 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Vajda .
Jag måste kyssa dig ( I must kiss you ) is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer / songwriter Nanne Grönvall , released in March 2007 .
Meghmallar ( Bengali : মেঘমল্লার , also known in English : as Raincoat ) is a 2014 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Zahidur Rahim Anjan .
Zai Jian Wo Men De Shi Nian ( Chinese : 再见我们的十年 ) is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Sun Hao .
A Woman in Danger ( Spanish : Una mujer en peligro ) is a 1936 Spanish crime film directed by José Santugini and starring Enrique del Campo , Antoñita Colomé and Alberto Romea .
In the Palace of the King is a 1923 American silent historical romantic drama film based on the novel of the same name by F. Marion Crawford .
The Great Smokey Roadblock is a 1977 comedy road film written and directed by John Leone .
The Stepford Husbands is a 1996 made - for - television thriller film inspired by the Ira Levin novel The Stepford Wives .
Pressing Business is a 1915 American silent comedy film produced by the Vim Comedy Company featuring Oliver Hardy .
The Alphabet of Manliness is the debut book by American humorist and Internet personality Maddox , published in 2006 .
I Love Your Work is an American psychological thriller film completed in 2003 and released theatrically in 2005 .
Skyscraper Caper is a 1968 animated cartoon short , starring Daffy Duck and Speedy Gonzales .
Alien Attack is a 1979 handheld video game made by Coleco using a VFD display .
The 80th Birthday Concert is a live album by George Russell released on the Concept label in 2005 , featuring a performance by Russell with his Living Time Orchestra recorded in 2003 .
Justin Bieber 's Believe is a 2013 American biographical concert film and the sequel to Never Say Never , both centering on Canadian singer Justin Bieber .
Prison Nurse is a 1938 American drama film directed by James Cruze and written by Earl Felton and Sidney Salkow .
A Brief Vacation ( Italian : Una breve vacanza ) is a 1973 Italian melodrama directed by Vittorio de Sica .
Meet Sexton Blake is a 1945 British drama film directed by John Harlow and starring David Farrar , Manning Whiley , Dennis Arundell and John Varley .
Hollywood Do n't Surf ! is a 2011 documentary film that premiered in the 2010 Cannes Film Festival while a work in progress and held its North American premiere at the 2011 Telluride Film Festival , where it was presented to a packed park at the Abel Gance Outdoor theater by actress Daryl Hannah .
Cheburashka Goes to School ( Russian : Чебурашка идёт в школу , Cheburashka Idet v Shkolu ) is a 1983 Soviet animated film directed by Roman Kachanov .
The essay was later collected in a compilation entitled Decline of the English Murder and Other Essays , published by London 's Penguin Group in 1965 .
Thayavva is a 1997 Kannada film directed by V. Umakanth featuring Charan Raj , Sudeep , Umashree and Sindhu in the lead roles .
Art of the Devil 2 ( Thai : ลองของ or Long khong ) is a 2005 Thai horror film directed by Kongkiat Khomsiri , Art Thamthrakul , Yosapong Polsap , Putipong Saisikaew , Isara Nadee , Pasith Buranajan and Seree Pongniti ( known collectively as the `` Ronin Team '' ) .
Baava Baamaida is a 2001 Indian Kannada language romantic comedy film starring Shivarajkumar and Rambha in the lead roles .
Dil Farosh also called Merchant Of Hearts , is a 1927 Indian cinema 's silent film directed by M. Udvadia .
Scenen är vår is a studio album by Bengt Hennings , released in May 2012 .
Breathe Out , Breathe In is the fifth studio album by English rock band The Zombies , released on 9 May 2011 .
Escort for Hire is a low budget 1960 thriller film .
The Devil with Hitler is a 1942 comedy short propaganda film that was one of Hal Roach 's Streamliners .
Mariem Hassan , la voz del Sáhara ( Mariem Hassan : the Voice of the Sahara ) is a 2007 documentary film directed by Manuel Domínguez .
La Leggenda di Wally is a 1930 Italian film , directed by Gian Orlando Vassallo . It stars Piero Pastore .
Deadmeat is a 2007 British urban crime drama thriller film written , directed , produced by , and starring Q. The film is about a man who has just been released from prison and sets out to exact violent revenge against the gang who murdered his brother .
Od zítřka nečaruji is a 1978 Czechoslovak film directed by Jindřich Polák .
The Country Beyond is a 1936 American drama film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Adele Comandini and Lamar Trotti .
Avalude Katha is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jayadevanand produced by Purushan Alappuzha .
The Desk is a short comedy / horror / sci - fi film that premiered at the Toronto Comedy Short Film Festival in 2010 , where it won the Audience Choice award .
Pudhea Paadhai ( English : New way / direction ) ; often spelled as Pudhiya Paadhai ) is a 1989 Tamil film written and directed by R. Parthiban .
Trimurtulu ( Telugu : త్రిమూర్తులు ) is a 1987 Tollywood film directed by K. Murali Mohan Rao Rao and produced by T. Subbarami Reddy on Maheswari Parameswari Productions .
Ashoka Chakravarthy is a 1989 Telugu , Action film produced by Smt .
The Last Target is a 1972 British thriller film starring Michael Redgrave .
Baa Nalle Madhuchandrake ( Kannada : ಬಾ ನಲ್ಲೆ ಮಧುಚಂದ್ರಕೆ ) is a 1993 Indian Kannada - language romantic thriller film starring K. Shivaram and Nandini Singh in the lead roles .
Live at San Quentin is a 1990 live album by blues guitarist B. B. King performed at San Quentin State Prison in Marin County , California .
A Heartbeat Away is a 2011 Australian musical comedy film about a marching band in a small town .
Ambara ( Kannada : ಅಂಬರ ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada language romance film written and directed by Sen Prakash .
The Adventures of Tom Thumb and Thumbelina is a 2002 direct - to - video animated film directed by Glenn Chaika .
Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom is a 1995 documentary directed by Ronald Levaco , an American filmmaker who journeyed back to China , the nation of his boyhood days , to discover what became of an old friend of his family , Israel Epstein .
Allah Made Me Funny - Official Muslim Comedy Show - Live HMV Apollo is a 2009 American concert film .
Jeon Woo - chi ( Hangul : 전우치 ; also known as Woochi , Jeon Woo - chi : The Taoist Wizard or Woochi : The Demon Slayer ) is a 2009 South Korean fantasy action film written and directed by Choi Dong - hoon who departs from his popular heist films Tazza :
The Cockeyed Miracle is a 1946 fantasy film about a ghost who , with the help of his father ( also a ghost ) , stops his best friend from leaving his family penniless .
Dad 's Week Off is an American television film that premiered on Showtime on March 29 , 1997 .
The Hoaxters is a 1952 American documentary film written by Herman Hoffman , about the threat posed by communism to the American way of life .
Killer Nerd is a 1991 comedy horror film .
Midsommer ( 2003 ) is a Danish film directed by Carsten Myllerup .
Hannele Chiguridaga ( Kannada : ಹಣ್ಣೆಲೆ ಚಿಗುರಿದಾಗ ) is a 1968 Kannada film directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Enterprises .
Margarit and Margarita ( Bulgarian : Маргарит и Маргарита ) is a 1989 Bulgarian drama film directed by Nikolai Volev .
The Body Stealers , also known as Thin Air , is a 1969 British science fiction film directed by Gerry Levy , about the disappearance of British armed forces paratroopers in mid - air whilst on a routine jump .
Monk Dawson is a film that was released in 1998 , directed and produced by Tom Waller and starring John Michie , Benedict Taylor , Martin Kemp , Rhona Mitra and Paula Hamilton .
California Winter is an American drama film 2012 .
Rebelové ( international title : Rebels ) is a 2001 Czech musical film .
Tes Cheveux Noirs Ihsan is a 2005 short 35 mm film made in Northern Morocco with non - professional actors .
Model Ball ( oder : Girls Team ; The Girls of Summer ) is a 2008 English television comedy sport film about a team of softball .
The White Planet or in French , La Planète Blanche , is a 2006 documentary about the wildlife of the Arctic .
Papapapá is a 1995 documentary by Alex Rivera about immigration .
Fighter 's Paradise is a 1924 American film starring Snowy Baker as a man mistaken for a boxer .
Fingers That Kill , also The Fist That Kills and Ninja Fist Of Fire or Tie zhi tang shou , is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film directed by Hui Kwok .
Kalaavati ( Kannada : ಕಲಾವತಿ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film , directed by T. V. Singh Takur and produced by T. Dwarakanath and A. Vasudeva Rao .
Broken Allegiance is a fan film that made its debut on the internet in April 2002 , created by Australian fans of the Star Wars franchise .
Mindwalk is a 1990 feature film directed by Bernt Amadeus Capra , based on his own short story , based in turn on the book The Turning Point by his brother Fritjof Capra , the author of the book The Tao of Physics .
Jurassic Park III is a 2001 American adventure science fiction film .
Rome Adventure , also known as Lovers Must Learn , is a 1962 romantic drama film , based on the 1932 novel Lovers Must Learn by Irving Fineman .
The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood ( 1984 ) is a parody film of the story of Robin Hood .
The Hostages is a 1975 British adventure film directed by David Eady and starring Stephen Garlick , Jayne Collins , Peter Marshall , Julian Holloway and Robin Askwith .
A Canção da Primavera is a 1923 Brazilian silent romantic drama film directed by Igino Bonfioli and Cyprien Segur .
I Am Somebody ( Chinese : 我是路人甲 ) is a 2015 drama film written and directed by Derek Yee about extras working at the Hengdian World Studios .
OK Baytong ( Thai : โอเค เบตง ) is a 2003 Thai drama film about Buddhist - Muslim relations in southern Thailand .
Haji Agha , the Cinema Actor ( in Persian : حاجی آقا آکتور سینما ; transliterated as Haji Agha Aktor - e Cinema ) is a 1933 Iranian comedy film directed by Iranian - Armenian director , Ovannes Oganians and one of a few remaining Iranian silent films .
Lightning in the South ( Spanish : El rayo del sur ) is a 1943 Mexican film .
Two Weeks with Love is a 1950 romantic musical film made by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
Iran Zendan was first screened in Babylon theatres in Berlin , Germany on May 9 , 2010 .
Balada para un mochilero is a 1971 Argentine musical film comedy directed by Carlos Rinaldi and written by Norberto Aroldi .
Happy Birthday , Marsha ! is currently in post - production , scheduled to be released in 2016 .
Food for Fighters is a 1943 propaganda short about nutrition in the Armed Services produced by the Office of War Information .
Me Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy ( English : `` This is Shivajiraje Bhonsle speaking '' ) is a Marathi film released in 2009 .
Beauty and Rust is a live album by Lou Reed released in 1992 .
Of Two Minds is a Lifetime original movie that was written by Oscar nominated Richard Friedenberg and released on March 10 , 2012 .
August Club , also called August Club Since 1969 , is a 2013 Malayalam romantic drama film directed by K. B. Venu .
The Way to the Stars is a 1945 British war drama film made by Two Cities Films .
The Compukit UK101 microcomputer ( 1979 ) was a kit clone of the Ohio Scientific Superboard II single - board computer , with a few enhancements for the UK market - notably replacing the 24×24 ( add guardband kit to give 32×32 ) screen display with a more useful 48×16 layout working at UK video frequencies .
Rocket Ride is the seventh full - length album by German power metal band Edguy , released on 20 January 2006 .
A Princess of Landover was published in hardcover in the United States on August 18 , 2009 It was published in hardcover in the United Kingdom on September 3 , 2009 .
The Oriental Nightfish is a 1978 animated film directed by Ian Emes which accompanies the Linda McCartney composition `` The Oriental Nightfish '' .
Adarawanthayo is a 1968 black & white Sri Lankan drama film directed by Amarnath Jayatilaka .
Nalayak ( English : Unworthy ) is a 1978 Bollywood Action film , produced by Jagdish Sharma on Veena Films banner and directed by Padmanabh .
Mercilessly Betrayed is a 2006 pornographic horror film written and directed by A. Simona , and co - written by Jimmy Tourette and Mike .
Owzat is a 1997 CGI short film created by Aardman Animations .
M&M 's Break ' Em is a puzzle game for the Nintendo DS released in 2007 by Destination Software , Inc. ( DSI ) .
Vance and Pepe 's Porn Start is a comedic mockumentary which had its debut at the Out On Screen Vancouver Queer Film Festival in August 2011 .
Lesbian Vampire Killers is a 2009 British comedy horror film written by Stewart Williams and Paul Hupfield , produced by Steve Clark - Hall and directed by Phil Claydon .
Girls ' Hostel is a 1962 Hindi film starring Nalini Jaywant and Johnny Walker in lead .
Queen of Temple Street ( 廟街皇后 ) is a 1990 Hong Kong film directed by Lawrence Ah Mon . It has a Category III rating in Hong Kong .
A Winner Never Quits is a 1986 TV movie based on the true story of baseball player Pete Gray , the first one - armed man ever to play major league baseball , hired in 1943 as a `` freak attraction '' and wartime morale - booster by the Memphis Chicks , Class - A minor league ball club .
`` Just a Song Before I Go '' is a song from Crosby , Stills and Nash that appeared on the 1977 album CSN .
Whiteforce is a 1988 Australian - Philippines film about an undercover agent accused of murdering his partner .
Wrong Cops is a 2013 French - American independent comedy film written and directed by Quentin Dupieux .
Men Like These is a 1931 British drama film directed by Walter Summers and starring John Batten , Sydney Seaward , Syd Crossley , James Enstone and Lesley Wareing .
Age 13 is an educational film by Sid Davis released in 1955 .
Singles and Selected was released on 7 November 2012 , and is a Miss Li compilation album .
Kan man gifta sig i jeans ? , written by Lasse Holm and Ingela Forsman , is a song recorded by Lotta Engberg on the 1988 studio album 100 % .
Preminchu ( translation : Do Love ) is a 2001 Telugu drama film directed by Boyina Subba Rao and produced by D. Rama Naidu .
Amsterdamned is a 1988 Dutch horror movie about a serial killer who hides in the canal system of Amsterdam .
The Boys of Buchenwald is a 2002 documentary film produced by Paperny Films that examines how the child survivors of the Buchenwald concentration camp had to assimilate themselves back into normal society after having experienced the brutality of the Holocaust .
Jane 's House is a 1994 drama television film starring James Woods , Anne Archer and Melissa Lahlitah Crider .
Thattungal Thirakkappadum is a full length Tamil black and white thriller movie released in year 1966 .
American Mullet ( also known as The Mullet Chronicles ) is a 2001 documentary film directed by Jennifer Arnold .
Man from Cocody ( French : Le gentleman de Cocody ) is a French adventure film from 1965 set in Cocody , Ivory Coast .
4D Man ( UK title : The Evil Force ; reissued in the US as Master of Terror ) is a 1959 American science fiction independent film , produced by Jack H. Harris from his own original screenplay and directed by Irvin S. Yeaworth Jr.
Safeguarding Military Information was a short propaganda film produced by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1942 .
Sniper 2 is an American film shot in Hungary in November 2002 and released in early 2003 .
Yours and Mine ( Chinese : 我的神经病 , Wo de shen jing bing ) is a 1997 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Shaudi Wang .
A Journey of Samyak Buddha ( Hindi:अ जर्नी आफ सम्यक बुद्ध ) is a 2013 Indian film about the journey of Gautam Buddha 's miraculous birth , marriage , and his path towards enlightenment .
Flesh Gordon is an independently made 1974 American science fiction in Metrocolor adventure comedy film , an erotic spoof of Universal Pictures ' first ( of three ) Flash Gordon serials from the 1930s .
The Beach of Lost Children ( French : La Plage des enfants perdus ) is a 1991 Moroccan - French drama film written and directed by Jilali Ferhati .
Barfotavisan is a summertime song written by Mats Paulson , and recorded by him on the 1974 album Barfota .
How to Win at Checkers ( Every Time ) ( Thai title : พี่ชาย My Hero ) is a 2015 internationally co - produced drama film directed by Josh Kim .
A Year Without Love ( Spanish : Un año sin amor ) is a 2005 Argentine drama film directed by Anahi Berneri , and written by Berneri and Pablo Pérez , adapting Pérez 's autobiographical novel of the same title .
C.C. and Company is a movie that was released in 1970 .
Many film historians have accepted that La Fée aux Choux was made in April 1896 , just a month or two before Méliès made his first fiction film .
Red Princesses ( Spanish : Princesas rojas ) is a 2013 Costa Rican drama film directed by Laura Astorga .
Beverly Hills Family Robinson is a 1997 American Walt Disney television film based on the novel Swiss Family Robinson by Johann David Wyss .
Shep the Sentinel is a 1915 American short silent drama film , directed by Jack Harvey for the Thanhouser Company .
Sathi Shakthi ( Kannada : ಸತಿಶಕ್ತಿ ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film , directed by Kanagal Prabhakar Shastry and produced by Kanagal Prabhakar Shastry .
Pola 's March won a Crystal Heart Award at the Heartland Film Festival in 1998 .
On the Waters is the second album by Bread , released in July 1970 .
Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai ( English translation : My Friend The Film Is n't Over Yet ) , earlier known as Amar Joshi Shahid Ho Gaya , is an 2012 Bollywood comedy film directed by Rajnish Thakur and produced by Narendra Singh .
Danger Within is a 1959 British war film set in a prisoner of war camp in Northern Italy during the summer of 1943 .
A Minute to Pray , a Second to Die ( Italian : ' ' Un minuto per pregare , un instante per morire '' , also known as Dead or Alive - The Prodigal Gun , Escondido and Outlaw Gun ) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western .
Klondike Fever is a 1980 Canadian adventure film , based on the writings of Jack London .
Jaane Hoga Kya is a 2006 Bollywood Sci - fi Thriller directed by Glen Barretto & Ankush Mohla .
Toote Khilone is a 1978 Bollywood film produced by Prem Sawhney and Mahendra Shah .
A Man Called Magnum ( in original Italian Napoli si ribella ) is a 1977 poliziotteschi film .
The Ballad of Andy Crocker is a 1969 American made - for - television film produced by Thomas / Spelling Productions , which was first broadcast by ABC .
Song of a Jewish Cowboy is a 2002 documentary about Scott Gerber , a rancher and musician from Sonoma County , California , who sings cowboy music and Yiddish folk songs .
Super - Rabbit is a 1943 Warner Bros. cartoon starring Bugs Bunny who is parodying the popular comic book character Superman .
The Ascension Factor ( 1988 ) is the fourth and final science fiction novel set in the Destination :
The Prince of Thieves is a 1948 film nominally inspired by Alexandre Dumas ' 1872 novel Le Prince des voleurs .
5 Girls is a documentary released in 2001 by Kartemquin Films for PBS 's P.O.V. series .
Firewing was first released in Canada in April 2002 .
Death Is My Profession ( Persian : Marg kasb va kare man ast‎ ) is a 2011 Iranian drama film directed by Amir Hossein Saghafi .
Harvest of Fire is an American television movie that aired on CBS on April 21 , 1996 .
Akuma to Freud -Devil and Freud- Climax Together is a live concert DVD by Buck - Tick , released on December 22 , 2004 .
One Who Came Back is a 1951 American short documentary film produced by Owen Crump and the National Organization of Disabled American Veterans , about an American soldier wounded in the Korean War , rescued from behind enemy lines and transported back to the United States .
Return of Hanuman ( previously Hanuman Returns ) is a 2007 Indian animated film about an adventure of the Hindu god Hanuman .
Pagale Vennela is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by C.V.Reddi .
Drop Squad ( sometimes spelled as DROP Squad or D.R.O.P. Squad ) is an American film released in 1994 .
The Clue of the Missing Ape , aka Gibraltar Adventure , is a 1953 English children 's film largely set in Gibraltar .
Daughter 2 ( Thai : เสียดาย 2 , Sia dai 2 ) is a 1996 Thai drama film directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol .
The Great Mom Swap is an Academy Award winning 1995 film released direct - to - video by Hallmark Entertainment .
Nanna Thamma ( Kannada : ನನ್ನ ತಮ್ಮ ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. Babu Rao and produced by K V Guptha .
Love , Sex and Eating the Bones is a 2003 Canadian romantic comedy film directed and screenwriter
Brumby Innes is a 1973 TV film based on the play by Katharine Susannah Prichard .
Kondaveeti Simham is a 1981 Telugu action drama film , directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by M. Arjuna Raju , K. Sivarama Raju and Nirvahana Kumarji .
The Tiger Next Door is a feature length 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Camilla Calamandrei .
Carry On Girls is the 25th in the series of Carry On films to be made , released in Britain in 1973 .
The Great Macarthy is a 1975 comedy about Australian rules football .
Murder by Natural Causes is a 1979 American television mystery film written by the creators of Columbo , Richard Levinson and William Link .
Betty Boop and Little Jimmy is a 1936 Fleischer Studio animated short film , starring Betty Boop and featuring newspaper comic strip character Little Jimmy .
The Cookery Book of Lady Clark of Tillypronie is a book of recipes collected over a lifetime by Charlotte , Lady Clark of Tillypronie , Scotland , and published posthumously in 1909 .
Official Halloween Parody is a 2011 pornographic horror film written and directed by Gary Dean Orona .
A Death in the Small Hours was first published in hardcover by St. Martin 's Minotaur and released November 2012 .
Kullanari Koottam ( Tamil : குள்ளநரி கூட்டம் ; English : Crowd of Foxes ) is a 2011 Indian Tamil - language romantic comedy film written and directed by Sribalaji and produced by V. Ashish Jain .
The Romantic President ( Hangul : 피아노 치는 대통령 , lit . The President who Plays the Piano ) is a 2002 South Korean film .
Mrs. Parkington is a 1944 drama film .
S.I.N. Theory ( abbreviation for Social Insurance Number Theory ) is a 2012 Canadian science fiction drama film about a mathematics professor creating an algorithm capable of predicting an individual 's future .
Dance of Ganesha , also known as Naach Ganesh is a 2011 , Indian short film directed by Bikas Ranjan Mishra , and produced by Pankaj Dubey .
Track Aduowan is a 2010 Chinese historical comedy film and sequel to Hands Up!.
The Gazebo is a 1959 black comedy CinemaScope film about a married couple who are being blackmailed .
Japoteurs ( 1942 ) is the tenth of seventeen animated Technicolor short films based upon the DC Comics character of Superman , originally created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster .
Guantanamo 's Child is a Canadian documentary film , released in 2015 .
Ganda Hendathi ( Kannada : ಗಂಡ ಹೆಂಡತಿ ) ( English : husband and wife ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada erotic thriller film , directed by Ravi Shrivatsa and produced by Shailendra Babu .
Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night is an American animated fantasy adventure film that was released on December 25 , 1987 by New World Pictures and is an unofficial sequel to the 1940 Disney film Pinocchio .
Web of Deception is a 1994 TV movie directed by Richard A. Colla .
Samshaya Phala ( Kannada : ಸಂಶಯ ಫಲ ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film written , produced and directed by A. M. Sameullah under the banner of Bawa Movies .
The Bolero is a 1973 American short documentary film directed by Allan Miller and William Fertik .
Vacation with Derek is a 2010 Canadian television movie based on the TV series Life with Derek .
Rock Paper Dice Enter is a 2014 Canadian thriller , directed by Shreela Chakrabartty .
Beef II ( released on DVD in August 2004 ) is a sequel to the 2003 documentary Beef , which continued to document the history of rivalries in hip - hop and rap music .
Penangunni is a 2013 Malayalam 3D film directed by Manoj Chandrasekharan , starring child actors Abhijith Sanal and Vaishnavi in the lead roles .
Moojrim is a 1970 Bollywood crime film about a gold medalist who becomes implicated in a murder while trying to save a girl from attackers .
Reconceptualizing India Studies , published in 2012 , is a book about the problems that the postcolonial studies , India studies and Indology are facing today , and the possible new directions for rejuvenating them .
The Silent Passenger is a British black - and - white mystery film made in 1935 at Ealing Studios , London .
The Murder of Princess Diana is a 2007 Lifetime Television movie , directed by John Strickland and starring Jennifer Morrison .
Seeing with the Eyes of Love was originally published in the United States in 1991 .
A Place in the Stars is a 2014 Nigerian crime thriller film written by Ita Hozaife and J. K. Amalou , co - produced and directed by Steve Gukas .
Julio Sumiu is a 2014 Brazilian comedy film directed by Roberto Berliner based on the novel of the same name by Beto Silva .
Bunker Bean is a 1936 American black - and - white comedy film adapted from a novel by Harry Leon Wilson .
Night of the Living Bread is a 1990 American independent short film comedic parody of Night of the Living Dead , directed by Kevin S. O'Brien .
The Albino Code ( 2006 ) is a short film parodying the film version of The Da Vinci Code .
Life and Colour ( Spanish : Vida y color ) is a 2005 Spanish movie .
Mountain Strawberries 4 , ( 산딸기 4 - Sanddalgi 4 ) also known as Wild Strawberries 4 , is a 1991 South Korean film directed by Kim Su - hyeong .
Ljudet av ett annat hjärta , written by Per Gessle and Mats `` MP '' Persson , is a song recorded by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider , released as a single on 24 October 1981 .
The Weakly Reporter is a Warner Bros. cartoon released on March 25 , 1944 .
Testimonies 2001 ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Сведоштва 2001 , Macedonian Latin : Svedostva 2001 ) is a book written by Macedonian General Pande Petrovskiin 2006 .
Aviraamam is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film .
Perversion for Profit is a 1965 Eastmancolor propaganda film financed by Charles Keating and narrated by news reporter George Putnam .
Anthimanthaarai is a period arthouse Tamil language film released in 1996 .
Cain 's Cutthroats is a 1971 western - themed exploitation film .
Three Bad Sisters is a 1956 American drama film directed by Gilbert Kay and written by Gerald Drayson Adams .
Feline Frame - Up is an animated short film in the Looney Tunes series produced by Warner Bros. Cartoons , Inc and released on February 13 , 1954 .
Amegas is a computer game by reLINE Software for the Amiga written by Guido Bartels and released in 1987 .
One Hour with You is a 1932 American Pre - Code musical comedy film about a married couple who find themselves attracted to other people .
If All the Guys in the World ( original French title : Si tous les gars du monde ) is a film made in 1955 .
Vaajlaach Paahije - Game Ki Shinema ( English : The show must go on ) is a 2015 Marathi comedy - drama film directed by R.Viraj and produced by Channel U Entertainment .
Rape Squad is a 1974 American exploitation film , directed by Bob Kelljan .
Slingo is an online multiplayer game created in 1995 by Slingo , Inc. It features a mix of slots and bingo .
In the Electric Mist ( French title : Dans la brume électrique ) is a 2009 Franco - American mystical drama film based on the novel In the Electric Mist with Confederate Dead by James Lee Burke .
Teenage Paparazzo is a 2010 documentary film about the life and times of a 14-year - old Paparazzi photographer named Austin Visschedyk .
Assassin Mountain is an accessory for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role - playing game , published in 1993 .
The $ 5,000,000 Counterfeiting Plot is a 1914 silent film thriller directed by Bertram Harrison .
Vana Mohini ( Tamil : வன மோஹினி ) is a 1941 Tamil film directed by Hindi film - maker Bhagwan .
On All Floors is a 2002 British short film directed by Geoff Evans and written by Craig Handley .
Backyard Wedding is a 2010 television drama film directed by Bradford May , starring Alicia Witt and Teddy Sears .
The Pride of St. Louis is a 1952 biographical film of the life of Major League Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher Dizzy Dean .
Hrudaya Kaleyam is a 2014 Telugu spoof action comedy film directed by Steven Shankar .
1 More Hit screened at SXSW in 2007 .
Romantic Island ( Hangul : 로맨틱 아일랜드 ; RR : Romaentik Aillaendeu ) is a 2008 South Korean romantic comedy film set in Boracay , Philippines .
Color Adjustment is a 1992 documentary film that traces 40 years of race relations and the representation of African Americans through the lens of prime time television entertainment , scrutinizing television 's racial myths .
The Munsters ' Revenge is a 1981 television film produced by Universal Studios .
Karulina Kudi ( Kannada : ಕರುಳಿನ ಕುಡಿ ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada drama film directed by V. P. Sarathy and produced by P. Dhanraj .
Chinnari Muddula Papa ( English : Cute Lovely Baby ) is a 1990 Telugu drama film produced by Vadde Ramesh on Nallini Cini Creations banner .
Facundo , el tigre de los llanos is a 1952 Argentine drama film directed by Miguel P. Tato and Carlos F. Borcosque .
Serene Velocity is a 1970 American experimental short film .
Prophet Without Honor is a 1939 short documentary film that was nominated for an Academy Award in 1940 for Best Live Action Short Film , One - Reel .
How to Fish is an animated short produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released in December 9 , 1942 .
İrfan in University is a 2013 Turkish animated short film written and directed by Rıdvan Çevik , and produced by Anadolu University .
9500 Liberty is a 2009 documentary film about the struggle over immigration in Prince William County , Virginia .
The Vanishing Virginian is a 1942 film based on the novel by Rebecca Yancey Williams and set in Lynchburg , Virginia , in 1913 .
Unchained Memories is a 2003 documentary film about the stories of former slaves interviewed during the 1930s as part of the Federal Writers ' Project and preserved in the WPA Slave Narrative Collection .
There Came an Echo is a real - time strategy title with a heavy narrative focus developed for the PlayStation 4 , Windows ( DRM - free & via Steam ) and Xbox One platforms , and was released on 24 February 2015 .
Monster Brawl is a 2011 independent horror - comedy film .
A Century in Stone is a 2004 documentary film depicting the rise of Eston 's iron and steel industry .
My Bollywood Bride is a 2006 English and Indian film , released in 2007 theatrically and will release as new title `` My Faraway Bride '' , on DVD ( Vivendi / Universal ) in August 2008 and also due to premiere on Showtime and Starz in 2008 .
Ghost Mamma ( Hangul : 고스트 맘마 ; RR : Goseuteu mamma ) is a 1996 South Korean romance fantasy film .
Fast Beat Loop Racer ( Chinese : 環狀賽車 ) is an arcade racing game released by Saint - Fun International in 2011 .
The Tale of the Wonderful Potato ( Danish : Eventyret om den vidunderlige kartoffel ) is a 1985 animated film by Anders Sørensen .
Unfinished Spaces is a 2011 documentary film about the revolutionary design of the National Art Schools ( Cuba ) .
When Innocence Is Lost is an 1997 American drama television film directed by Bethany Rooney and written by Deborah Jones .
Dasvidaniya ( दसविदानिया ) is a 2008 Bollywood film released on 7 November 2008 .
Yuvah ( variously Yuva ) is a 2009 Kannada action film starring Kartik Shetty and Madhu Sharma .
Ambush in Leopard Street is a low budget 1962 British crime drama film directed by J. Henry Piperno .
First released in 1985 , the young adult science fiction novel is the first of the ' Space Demons ' trilogy .
Shark Bait ( The Reef in the UK , Australia and North America , Pi 's Story in South Korea ) is a 2006 South Korean - American computer animated film .
Confessions of a Sorority Girl ( also known as Confessions of Sorority Girls ) is a 1994 American television film that debuted on Showtime on July 29 , 1994 .
Abhinoy Noy is a 1983 Indian Bengali language romance film directed by Archan Chakraborty .
Galaxy of Terror is a 1981 science fiction / horror film produced by Roger Corman and directed by Bruce D. Clark .
La Ville do nt le prince est un enfant is a 1997 made for television film adapted from 1955 play by French dramatist Henry de Montherlant of the same title .
Poothumbiyum Poovalanmarum is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by Francis and starring Prem Kumar and Vani Viswanath in the lead roles .
Reservoir Dogs is a 1992 American neo - noir crime thriller that depicts the events before and after a botched diamond heist .
A Cage of Eagles is a 1989 thriller by James Follet , taking place at 1941 in the POW Camp at Grizedale Hall at England 's Lake District , where some of the most capable of the German officers captured by Britain were kept ( and constantly plotted escape ) .
Shahanpan Dega Deva is Marathi movie released on 21 January 2011 .
Holy Land Hardball ( 2008 ) is a documentary film about starting a professional baseball league in Israel .
The Encyclopædia Britannica Second Edition ( 1777 - -1784 ) is a 10-volume reference work , an edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica .
Star Fairies was adapted into a televised cartoon movie , made by Hanna - Barbera in 1985 .
Cuori nella tormenta ( Hearts in the storm ) is a 1984 Italian romantic comedy film .
GamePro named Tomcat Alley the best Sega CD game at the 1994 Consumer Electronics Show , commenting , `` The demo at CES was stunning .
Vacation of Petrov and Vasechkin , Usual and Incredible ( Russian : Каникулы Петрова и Васечкина , обыкновенные и невероятные ) is a 1984 Soviet film .
Before Born ( simplified Chinese : 结果 ; traditional Chinese : 結 ; pinyin : jiégǔo ) is a 2006 Chinese film directed by Zhang Ming .
Maayajaalam is a Telugu film released on 12 May 2006 .
Paul Jacobs and the Nuclear Gang is a 1980 political documentary film produced and directed by Jack Willis and Saul Landau , written by Jack Willis and Penny Bernstein , narrated by Penny Bernstein with cinematography by Zack Krieger and Haskell Wexler .
Bram Stoker 's Legend of the Mummy , or simply Bram Stoker 's The Mummy , is a horror - fantasy 1998 film based on Bram Stoker 's novel The Jewel of Seven Stars .
Mr. Morgan 's Last Love ( also known as Last Love ) is an 2013 film based on Francoise Dorner 's French novel La Douceur Assassine .
The Pirates of Central Park is a 2001 American family adventure film .
The Sterilization of Leilani Muir is a 1996 documentary directed by Glynis Whiting about the life and times of Leilani Muir , the first person to file a lawsuit against the Alberta provincial government for wrongful sterilization under the Sexual Sterilization Act of Alberta .
Inkosaari ( Once Again , Telugu : ఇంకోసారి ) is a 2010 Telugu film , directed by Suman Pathuri .
Sindura Bindu is an Odia romantic love story released on 15 July 1976 , .
Cómo seducir a una mujer ( How to Seduce a Woman ) is a 1967 Argentine film directed by Ricardo Alventosa with a screenplay by Ricardo Alventosa and Jose Martinez Suarez .
Moomins and the Comet Chase is a 2010 3D stop motion animated fantasy adventure comedy family film compiled from the Comet in Moominland - based episodes of the 1977 - -1982 The Moomins TV series animated at Se - ma - for in Poland , restored and re - soundtracked with multiple voice actors replacing the single narrator .
Faisla is a 1988 Hindi hit film starring Vinod Khanna .
Debating Robert Lee is a 2004 independent film , directed by Dan Polier and written by Dan Polier and Matthew Klein .
Deewaanapan ( English : Insanity ) is a Bollywood movie , released on 16 November 2001 .
A Walk to Beautiful is a 2007 American documentary film produced and distributed by Engel Entertainment about women who suffer from childbirth injuries in Ethiopia .
Frontier Rangers is a 1959 film composed of episodes of the TV series Northwest Passage ( 1959 ) .
Pov Malis Lea is a 1993 film starring Arun Reksemy , Sok Sreymom , Tep Rundaro , Pisith Pilika , Kai Prasith , Ampor Tevi and other stars of the time .
Watch Horror Films , Keep America Strong ! is a 2008 documentary about the popular television series Creature Features televised out of Oakland , California 1971 to 1984 .
The Adventure of Sudsakorn ( Thai : สุดสาคร , also The Adventure of Sud Sakorn , Sudsakhorn Adventure , or Soodsakorn ) is a 1979 Thai animated fantasy film .
Baharon Phool Barsao is a 1972 Bollywood romance film .
Frida is a 2002 American biopic drama film which depicts the professional and private life of the surrealist Mexican painter Frida Kahlo .
Rao Gari Illu is a 1988 Telugu drama film produced by Y. Surendra on Annapurna Studios & S. S. Creations banner , directed by Tharani Rao .
Manevri na petiya etazh ( Bulgarian language : Маневри на петия етаж , English language : Maneuvers on the Fifth Floor ) is a comedy movie released in Bulgaria in 1985 .
Perempuan Bergairah is a 1982 Indonesian action - drama film directed by Jopi Burnama and starring 1980s Indonesian action film stars Barry Prima and Eva Arnaz .
Hostel Returns is a 2015 Nepalese teen romance film directed by Suraj Bhusal and produced by Sunil Rawal under Durgish Films banner .
Finishing the Game is a 2007 mockumentary which focuses on Bruce Lee 's final movie Game of Death .
Justin and the Knights of Valour ( Spanish : Justin y la espada del valor ) is a 2013 English - language Spanish 3D computer animated fantasy film whose working title was Goleor :
Ten Tall Men is a 1951 Technicolor comedy adventure film about the French Foreign Legion during the Rif War in Morocco .
A Christmas Kiss is a 2011 American television romance film directed by John Stimpson and starring Elisabeth Röhm , Laura Breckenridge , and Brendan Fehr .
Return of Sergeant Lapins ( Latvian : Seržanta Lapiņa atgriešanās or Latvian : Tas notika ar viņiem ) is a 2010 comedy - drama film directed by Latvian director Gatis Šmits .
Der Stern von Afrika ( English : The Star of Africa ) is a 1957 black - and - white German war film portraying the combat career of Luftwaffe World War II fighter pilot Hans - Joachim Marseille .
Fatal Sky is a 1990 SF - thriller film .
Earth Star Voyager is the name of a science fiction television movie shown on the Wonderful World of Disney in 1988 .
Allting som ni gör kan jag göra bättre ( which translates as `` Everything you can do , I can do better '' ) is a 1987 cover album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla .
It 's a Great Day is a 1955 British comedy film directed by John Warrington .
GG Bond 2 ( Chinese : 猪猪侠之勇闯巨人岛 ) is a 2014 Chinese animated adventure comedy film directed by Gu Zhibin and Lu Jinming .
Desmond & the Swamp Barbarian Trap ( Swedish : Desmond & träskpatraskfällan ) is a Swedish stop motion - animated feature film that premiered on 19 November 2006 .
The Royal Bed is a 1931 American Pre - Code American satirical comedy film produced by William LeBaron and distributed through RKO .
Sepia Cinderella is a 1947 American musical race film directed by Arthur H. Leonard .
The Bends is the second studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead , released on 13 March 1995 by Parlophone .
The Friendly Ghost is a cartoon released by Paramount Pictures on 16 November 1945 as part of its Noveltoons series of animated short movies .
Ambulance Girl is a 2005 made for television movie .
Baap Re Baap ( My God ! ) is a 1955 Hindi family comedy drama film , produced and directed by A. R. Kardar .
Naagu ( Telugu : నాగు ) is a 1984 Tollywood film directed by Tatineni Prasad and produced by AVM Productions .
The Mouse on the Moon is a 1963 British comedy film , the sequel to The Mouse That Roared .
Zombi Kampung Pisang ( Kampung Pisang 's Zombies ) is a 2008 horror comedy Malay film from Malaysia directed by Mamat Khalid .
Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power ( Spanish : Blue Demon contra el poder satánico ) is a 1966 Mexican film featuring Mexican wrestler Blue Demon .
A Jewish Girl in Shanghai ( Chinese : 犹太女孩在上海 ) is a 2010 Chinese animated family film written by Wu Lin and based on his graphic novel of the same name .
Kayar ( English : Coir ) is a 1978 Malayalam epic novel written by Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai .
Pre - screenings of Concealed 360 were conducted on May 19 and May 20 at the Maker Faire 2012 in San Mateo .
Broadway Hostess is a 1935 American romantic comedy musical that was nominated at the 1935 Academy Awards for the short lived Best Dance Direction category .
Viviré otra vez ( `` I Will Live Again '' ) is a 1940 Mexican comedy film , directed by Roberto Rodríguez and starring Adriana Lamar , Alicia de Phillips and David Silva .
Zoop in India is a 2006 Dutch family film .
Road to Dawn ( Chinese : 夜.明 ; pinyin : Yè míng ; literally : `` night , dawn '' ) is a 2007 Chinese historical film directed by Hong Kong filmmaker , Derek Chiu .
The Trial of the Incredible Hulk is a 1989 television film spin - off to the 1970s Incredible Hulk television series , featuring both the Hulk and fellow Marvel Comics character Daredevil , who team up to defeat Wilson Fisk , the Kingpin .
Kitty Kornered is a 1946 Looney Tunes cartoon , directed by Robert Clampett , produced by Edward Selzer and released by Warner Bros. Pictures .
Fjols til fjells is a Norwegian situation comedy film released in 1957 .
From Ritual to Romance is a 1920 book written by Jessie L. Weston .
Still the Drums Originally produced in 2009 is the first film written , produced , directed and edited by actor Talbot Perry Simons .
Nora 's Hair Salon is a 2004 independent comedy - drama film , written by Chanel Capra and Jean - Claude La Marre , and directed by Jerry LaMothe .
Hate Crew Deathroll is the fourth album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom , released in 2003 under the Century Media label .
Shravani Subramanya ( Kannada : ಶ್ರಾವಣಿ ಸುಬ್ರಮಣ್ಯ ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada - language romantic comedy film written and directed by Manju Swaraj and produced by K. A Suresh under his home production banner Suresh Arts Productions .
Where I Am King ( Tagalog : Hari ng Tondo ) is a 2014 Philippine comedy film directed by Carlos Siguion - Reyna .
On Giant 's Shoulders is a 1979 BBC television film about the early life of thalidomide victim Terry Wiles , with Wiles playing himself .
Watch the Shadows Dance is a 1987 film set fifteen years in the future .
The Sundowners is a 1960 Technicolor film that tells the story of an Australian outback family torn between the father 's desires to continue his nomadic sheep - herding ways and the wife 's and son 's desire to settle down in one place .
Emmett Stone is a 1985 Australian film based on a play by Michael Gurr .
C.B.I. Shankar ( Kannada : ಸಿ.ಬಿ.ಐ.ಶಂಕರ್ ) is a 1989 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by P. Nanjundappa .
The Return of Bruno is a 1987 comedic film , originally aired as a one - hour special on HBO and later released on VHS .
Entre abogados te veas ( `` Among Lawyers I See You '' ) is a 1951 Mexican film .
Nizhalgal ( English : Shadows ) is a 1980 Indian Tamil film co - written and directed by Bharathiraja .
Hum Tum Shabana is a 2011 Indian comedy and romance film .
The Queen in Australia is a 1954 documentary about the visit of Queen Elizabeth II to Australia in 1954 .
The Search for Animal Chin is a 1987 skateboarding film featuring the Bones Brigade .
Aaj Ke Shahenshah ( English : Today 's Emperor ) is a 1990 Bollywood , Action film produced by I.A.Desai , Saleem Khan on D.S. Films banner and directed by Shibu Mittra .
Journey to Self is a 2012 Nigerian drama film written and produced by Ashionye Michelle Raccah and directed by Tope Oshin - Ogun , starring Nse Ikpe Etim , Ashionye Michelle Raccah , Dakore Akande , Tosin Sido and Katherine Obiang .
The Nasty Rabbit is a 1964 American spy comedy film directed by James Landis .
Hasiru Thorana ( Kannada : ಹಸಿರು ತೋರಣ ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by T. V. Singh Thakur and written by Sundaramma .
Paribhavam ( Malayalam : പരിഭവം ) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by K. A. Devaraj starring Abhilash and Kripa .
In Our Name is a 2010 British drama film written and directed by Brian Welsh .
Princess Lillifee and the Little Unicorn ( German : Prinzessin Lillifee und das kleine Einhorn ) is a 2011 German animated film directed by Ansgar Niebuhr and Hubert Weiland .
The Encyclopedia of the Holocaust ( 1990 ) has been called `` the most recognized reference book on the Holocaust '' .
Top Star ( Hangul : 톱스타 ; RR : Topseuta ) is a 2013 South Korean film directed , co - written and produced by veteran actor Park Joong - hoon , in his directorial debut .
Johnny Nobody is a 1961 UK drama film brought to the screen by Viceroy Films Limited under the production of John R. Sloan with executive production from Irving Allen and Albert R. Broccoli .
Novogodišnje venčanje ( English : New Year 's Wedding ) is a Serbian comedy television film which was premiered on 31 December 2002 .
The Public Enemy ( released as Enemies of the Public in the United Kingdom ) is a 1931 American all - talking Pre - Code crime film produced and distributed by Warner Bros ..
Gidget Grows Up is a 1969 television film directed by James Sheldon and starring Karen Valentine , Paul Lynde and Edward Mulhare , freely adapted from the novel Gidget Goes New York by Frederick Kohner .
The Trypillia Tragedy ( Russian : Трипольская трагедия ) is a 1926 Soviet film by Alexander Anoschenko - Anoda .
An Angel Has Arrived ( Spanish : Ha llegado un ángel ) is a 1961 Spanish musical film .
McClurg began with three Tarzan novels , and then published A Princess of Mars on October 10 , 1917 .
Under Proof is a 1936 British comedy crime film directed by Roland Gillett and starring Betty Stockfeld , Tyrell Davis and Judy Kelly .
Sex Is Zero 2 is the 2007 sequel to the South Korean comedy film Sex Is Zero , and is the directorial debut of Yoon Tae - yoon .
Alien Intruder is a 1993 action / science fiction film by Nick Stone and Ricardo Jacques Gale .
Tonta , tonta , pero no tanto ( English : Foolish , Foolish , But Not A Lot ) is a 1972 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring María Elena Velasco as La India María .
When Taekwondo Strikes ( also known as Sting of the Dragon Masters and Taekwondo Heroes ) is a 1973 martial arts film directed and written by Feng Huang , produced by Raymond Chow .
Midnight Son is a 2011 vampire horror film written and directed by Scott Leberecht , produced by Matt Compton , and starring Zak Kilberg .
Kya Dilli Kya Lahore is a 2014 Hindi , war drama film set in 1948 , post - Independence period and deals with the subject of Indo - Pak partition .
Solomon Northup 's Odyssey , reissued as Half Slave , Half Free , is a 1984 American television film based on the autobiography Twelve Years a Slave by Solomon Northup , a free black man who in 1841 was kidnapped and sold into slavery .
All Hail the King is a 2014 American direct - to - video short film featuring the Marvel Cinematic Universe ( MCU ) character Trevor Slattery , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on the home media release of Thor :
15 Again was released on 11 September 2006 by record label EMI .
Zielen van Napels is a documentary film by director Vincent Monnikendam that was first released in the United States in a special preview at the National Gallery of Art in Washington , D.C. in 2005 .
A Gruesome Twosome is a Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Bob Clampett and released on June 9 , 1945 .
Kings of the Turf is a 1941 American short documentary film about horse racing , directed by Del Frazier .
And the Word Was Made Flesh is a 1972 Australian film , directed and written by Duson Marek .
On a Ona ( English : He and Herself ) is the sixth studio album by Collegium Musicum , released on OPUS in 1979 .
National Lampoon 's Dorm Daze 2 ( credited onscreen with the subtitle College @ Sea ) is a 2006 American mystery comedy film and the sequel to National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze ( 2003 ) .
Architecture 101 ( Hangul : 건축학개론 ; RR : Geonchukhakgaeron ; lit . Introduction to Architecture ) is a 2012 South Korean romance film written and directed by Lee Yong - joo .
Done the Impossible is a 2006 documentary fan film of the TV series Firefly .
People and dogs ( El nas we El Kelab , Arabic : الناس والكلاب‎ ) is a book of short stories written by the Egyptian physician Dr . Moawad GadElrab ( 15 September 1929 - 23 August 1983 ) , published by The National Publishing and Printing house in Cairo , Egypt in 1964 .
WWE Workout Series is a series of fitness workouts by WWE , released on December 2 , 2014 on DVD in Region 1 .
Black Man ( published as Thirteen in North America ) is a 2007 science fiction novel by the English author Richard Morgan .
Amityville Dollhouse is the eighth installment in the Amityville film series , released directly to video in 1996 .
The Day the World Ended is a 2001 American science fiction / horror television film and is the fourth in the Creature Features series broadcast on Cinemax .
Vaitheeswaran is a 2008 Tamil language film .
The most recent version is the 11th Edition published in 2011 under the name Robert 's Rules of Order Newly Revised ( abbreviated RONR ) .
Licence to Steal ( Chinese : 夏日福星 ; lit . `` Summer time Lucky Stars '' ) is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Billy Chan .
No se mande , profe ( `` Do Not Send , Prof '' ) is a 1967 Mexican film .
Golu Hadawatha ( Translation : Silence of the Heart ) was a popular 1969 Sinhalese language romance film directed by maestro Lester James Peiris .
The Mysterious Mr. Nicholson is a 1947 British crime film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Anthony Hulme , Lesley Osmond and Frank Hawkins .
Puthir ( also known under the spelling Pudhir , meaning ' Puzzle ' ) is a 1986 movie that was directed by Siddalingaiah .
Nada más que amor is a 1942 Chilean film starring Alberto Closas .
With My Heart in Yambo ( Spanish : Con mi corazón en Yambo ) is a 2011 Ecuadorian documentary film written and directed by María Fernanda Restrepo .
Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Tracey Gold as Darcy Palmer , Perry King as Russell Polk and Shawnee Smith as his daughter Jeanelle Polk .
The Small Voice , released in the United States as The Hideout , is a 1948 British film about an escaped convict who takes a married couple hostage .
Damascus Roof and Tales of Paradise ( 2010 ) is a Syrian documentary film directed by Soudade Kaadan and produced by Anas Abdel Wahab .
The Encyclopædia Britannica First Edition ( 1768 - -1771 ) is a 3-volume reference work , an edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica .
Paragraph 78 ( Russian : Параграф 78 ; also stylized as : § 78 ) is a Russian film by Mikhail Khleborodov released in 2007 .
Heavy Horses is the eleventh studio album by Jethro Tull , released on 10 April 1978 .
Cellar Dweller is a 1988 horror film , about a comic book artist who unleashes a demon after drawing it .
Michael Jordan in Flight is a 1993 computer basketball game for DOS .
Quest of the Delta Knights is a 1993 fantasy / adventure sword and sorcery film that was featured in a September 1998 episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
Sri Purandara Dasaru ( Kannada : ಶ್ರೀ ಪುರಂದರ ದಾಸರು ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed by C. V. Raju and produced by Smt Jayalakshmi .
Crazy Waiting ( Hangul : 기다리다 미쳐 ; RR : Gidarida michyeo ) , also known as The Longest 24 Months or Going Crazy Waiting , is a 2008 South Korean film written and directed by Ryu Seung - jin .
Broken Oath ( Chinese : 破戒 ; Po jie ) is a 1977 Hong Kong kung fu film from South Korean director Jeong Chang - hwa , with action choreography by Tyrone Hsu Hsia and Yuen Woo - ping .
America Abbayi is a 1987 Telugu , thriller film , produced by D. Madhusudhana Rao .
Faith , Fraud & Minimum Wage is a 2010 comedy film adaption of Canadian playwright Josh MacDonald 's play Halo .
Zoop in South America ( Dutch : Zoop in Zuid - Amerika ) is a 2007 Dutch youth film .
Borolar Ghor ( Assamese : বৰলাৰ ঘৰ , Bachelor 's House ) is a 2012 bilingual Assamese - Bengali romantic comedy film starring Utpal Das and Debasmita Banerjee in the lead roles .
The Hornet 's Nest is a 2014 American documentary film about the Afghanistan war , directed by David Salzberg and Christian Tureaud .
O Premave ( Kannada : ಓ ಪ್ರೇಮವೇ ) is a 1999 Indian Kannada language romance - drama musical film directed by Naganna .
Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw is a 1988 animated feature film distributed by TriStar Pictures .
Your Mommy Kills Animals is an American 2007 documentary film written and directed by Curt Johnson .
King of the Travellers is a 2012 Irish revenge drama written and directed by Mark O'Connor .
Street Days ( Georgian : ქუჩის დღეები , translit . Kuchis dgeebi ) is a 2010 Georgian drama film directed by Levan Koguashvili .
The Other Side of the Underneath is a 1972 British feature film written and directed by Jane Arden and starring Sheila Allen , Liz Danciger , Penny Slinger , Ann Lynn , and Suzanka Fraey .
Cheers , to Those Who Stay is a 2010 Lebanese short film by Cyril Aris and Mounia Akl .
Out to the World ( Hangul : 세상밖으로 ; RR : Saesang bakkeuro ) is an award - winning 1994 South Korean black - comedy film .
Al son de la marimba ( English : To the Sound of the Marimba ) ) is a 1940 Mexican film .
Suryamukhi ( Odia : ସୂର୍ଯ୍ୟମୁଖୀ ) is a 1963 Oriya film directed by Prafulla Sengupta .
Sweet Smell of Success is a 1957 American film noir / drama film made by Hill - Hecht - Lancaster Productions and released by United Artists .
On Suffocation is a 2013 Swedish short film directed by Jenifer Malmqvist .
Gene - X is an independent Australian feature film , released in the latter half of 2006 .
Sati Nalaayini ( Kannada : ಸತಿ ನಳಾಯಿನಿ ) is a 1957 Kannada film directed by T.R.S. Gopu .
Ahead of the Class is a 2003 book and 2005 dramatic television film based on real - life events .
Apensar is a `` brain trainer '' mobile game , 100 % in Spanish , and developed by ICO Group in 2013 .
Oh , Daddy ! is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Graham Cutts and Austin Melford and starring Leslie Henson , Frances Day , Robertson Hare and Barry MacKay .
An Easy Life ( Russian : Лёгкая жизнь ; Legkaya zhizn ) is a 1964 satirical Soviet comedy directed by Veniamin Dorman .
Gene Siskel put River 's Edge at No . 7 on his best of 1987 .
La Mort de Balzac was published by Pierre Michel and Jean - François Nivet in 1989 , in the Editions du Lerot , and then in 1999 , in the Editions du Félin .
Ask Max is a 1986 American film starring Jeff Cohen as Max Baxter a kid inventor .
Superman Classic is a 2011 animated fan film made by Robb Pratt .
Huling Patak ng Dugo , ( literally , Last Drop of Blood ) is a 1950 Filipino film .
Ahmar Shafayef ( Arabic : أحمر شفايف‎ ) is a 2003 studio album by Mohamed Mounir .
Sweety Nanna Jodi ( Kannada : ಸ್ವೀಟಿ ನನ್ನ ಜೋಡಿ ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada romance film directed by Vijayalakshmi Singh and produced by Radhika herself under her home banner Shamika Enterprises .
Namma Samsara ( Kannada : ನಮ್ಮ ಸಂಸಾರ ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada language drama film written and directed by Siddalingaiah .
Seven Faces is a 1929 American Pre - Code drama film with fantasy elements that was released by Fox Film Corporation in the Fox Movietone sound - on - film system on December 1 , 1929 .
World Press Review ( Worldpress.org ) is an independent , nonpartisan New York based magazine founded in 1974 and initially published by Stanley Foundation and Teri Schure , with an online edition which was launched in 1997 .
A City by the Light Divided is the fourth full - length album by Thursday , released by Island Records on May 2 , 2006 .
Strange Mercy is the third studio album by musician St. Vincent , released by 4AD on September 12 , 2011 , in the United Kingdom and a day later in the United States .
The Place I Love is the debut album by English vocal duo Splinter , released on Dark Horse Records in September 1974 .
In Search of a Song was released amid Hall 's years with Mercury Records ( 1969 - -1977 ) during which he released one or more albums each year ( see Tom T. Hall discography ) .
Nested is the seventh studio album by Bronx - born singer , songwriter and pianist Laura Nyro , released in 1978 on Columbia Records .
La Quinta Esencia ( en : `` The Fifth Essence '' ) is the fifth studio album by the power metal band WarCry , released on December 18 , 2006 ( see 2006 in music and 2006 in heavy metal music ) , and distributed through Avispa Music .
`` Sing Like Me '' was released by Jive Records and RCA Records via the United States iTunes Store on November 24 , 2009 .
Doctor 's Advocate is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist The Game , released on November 14 , 2006 through Geffen Records .
`` What 's So Good About Goodbye '' was a 1961 hit single recorded by R&B group The Miracles for Motown Records ' Tamla label , later included on their 1962 album I 'll Try Something New .
The Guinean People 's Party ( Portuguese : Partido Popular Guineense , PPG ) was a small political party in Guinea - Bissau .
12 Golden Country Greats is Ween 's fifth album , and third on Elektra Records .
Southern Flavor is the eighteenth studio album by Bill Monroe , released through MCA Records in 1988 .
Song of the Stallion is the seventh studio album by composer and guitarist Robbie Basho , released in 1971 by Takoma Records .
Ruin Jonny 's Bar Mitzvah is a live album by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes , released on October 19 , 2004 on Fat Wreck Chords .
Phantom Antichrist is the 13th studio album by the German thrash metal band Kreator , released through Nuclear Blast on June 1 , 2012 .
Blooddrunk is the sixth album by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom , released on April 7 , 2008 , through Spinefarm Records .
Bolan 's Zip Gun is the tenth studio album and a UK - only release by English glam rock act T. Rex , released on 16 February 1975 by record label EMI .
Ladylike is the fourth and final studio album by German pop trio Monrose , released by Starwatch Music and the Warner Music Group on June 11 , 2010 ( see 2010 in music ) in German - speaking Europe .
Roorback is the ninth studio album by Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura , released in 2003 , through SPV Records .
Sounds from Nowheresville is the second studio album by English duo The Ting Tings , released on 24 February 2012 by Columbia Records .
Homespun is a demo album by XTC released by Cooking Vinyl and Idea Records .
Black Hand Inn is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Running Wild , released on March 24 , 1994 through Noise Records .
Everything Last Winter is the debut album from the Anglo - Icelandic band Fields , first released April 2 , 2007 by Atlantic Records .
`` Wilbury Twist '' is a song by supergroup Traveling Wilburys and is the final track on their 1990 studio album Traveling Wilburys Vol . 3 .
Hi - Teknology is the debut album from producer Hi - Tek , released on Rawkus Records .
Two Time Winners is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1959 by Cadence Records .
Gone Troppo was issued on Dark Horse Records in November 1982 .
A Million Thoughts and They 're All About You is the fourth studio album by Swedish electronic band Alice in Videoland , released in Sweden on 11 February 2011 by Artoffact Records .
`` Bwatue '' was released as a single in Africa by A&M Records .
Opening Remarks is a 1978 studio album by jazz guitarist Ted Dunbar , recorded for Xanadu Records .
Too Hype is the 3rd studio album released by Tanya Stephens on November 25 , 1997 on the VP Records / Madhouse Records label .
Similarly to Braxton 's two previous singles from Libra , `` Take This Ring '' was shadowed by lack of promotion from her record company , Blackground Records , causing the single to miss the Billboard Hot 100 .
Bloodrock U.S.A. is the fourth album by the Texan hard rock band Bloodrock , released under Capitol Records in 1971 .
Songs My Father Left Me is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams , Jr. The full title is Songs My Father Left Me The Poetry of Hank Williams , set to music and sung by Hank Williams , Jr. The album was issued in 1969 by MGM Records as number SE 4621 .
Living with the Living is the fifth album by the Washington , D.C. rock band Ted Leo and the Pharmacists , released in 2007 by Touch and Go Records .
Release the Stars is the fifth studio album by Canadian - American singer - songwriter Rufus Wainwright , released through Geffen Records on May 15 , 2007 .
Razorblade Suitcase is the second studio album by British rock band Bush , released on 19 November 1996 , through Trauma Records .
`` Heart of Passion '' is a song by J.M. Silk taken from the album Hold on to Your Dream , which was released on RCA Records , in 1987 .
Boginja ( Goddess ) is the ninth album by Croatian pop singer Josipa Lisac , released by Jugoton in 1987 .
36C is the third studio album by the Canadian post - punk band Fifth Column , released on May 10 , 1994 by K Records .
Takk ... ( ( ˈtʰaʰkː ) ) is the fourth studio album by the Icelandic post - rock band Sigur Rós , released in September 2005 on EMI .
Ghetto Street Funk is the debut album by Dungeon Family group members P.A. ( Parental Advisory ) , released in November 9 , 1993 on MCA Records .
It was released in 2000 on Solid State Records and re - released in 2002 on Century Media ; all releases of the album other than the Solid State version switch the two opening tracks , such that `` Undeceived '' is the first track on the album .
Reject All American is the final studio album by the American punk rock band Bikini Kill , released on April 5 , 1996 by Kill Rock Stars .
Warner Music Group recognized Luis Miguel as the best - selling artist in the history of Chile with over 2.5 million records sold .
Al Cohn 's America is a jazz album by saxophonist Al Cohn , recorded in 1976 for Xanadu Records .
Odyssey of Iska is the fourteenth album by American jazz composer and saxophonist Wayne Shorter , released on Blue Note Records in 1971 .
Messy Little Raindrops is the second studio album by British recording artist Cheryl Cole , released on 29 October 2010 by Fascination Records .
`` Confessions of a Broken Heart ( Daughter to Father ) '' was first previewed at AOL Music 's First Listen on September 30 , 2005 and was sent to radio in the United States on October 18 , 2005 by Casablanca Records as the first single from the album .
Take to the Skies is the début studio album by British rock band Enter Shikari .
The 7 `` edit of ' ' Backfired `` appears on the Chrysalis Records / EMI compilation Most of All - The Best of Deborah Harry .
Illadelph Halflife is the third studio album by American hip hop band The Roots , released September 24 , 1996 on Geffen Records .
Flippin ' Out is an album by Gigolo Aunts released in October 1993 on Fire Records in the UK and April 1994 on RCA / BMG in the US .
The Merry Sisters of Fate is an album by Lúnasa that was released in 2001 on Green Linnet Records .
Awit Para Sa'yo is the first studio album by Filipino singer Erik Santos , released on August 12 , 2011 by Star Records in the Philippines in CD and cassette format and in digital download through iTunes and Amazon.com .
Right Rhythm is the fourteenth studio album by the Pointer Sisters , released in 1990 on the Motown label .
In March 2004 , NewSong announced that they were leaving Reunion Records and moving to Integrity Music .
CAB 4 is the third studio album by the instrumental rock / jazz fusion band CAB , released on September 23 , 2003 through Favored Nations .
Unstoppable Momentum is the fourteenth studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani , released on May 7 , 2013 through Epic Records .
Apple Records released Living in the Material World on 30 May 1973 in America , with `` Do n't Let Me Wait Too Long '' appearing on side one of the LP , between the ballads `` The Light That Has Lighted the World '' and `` Who Can See It '' .
R&B from the Marquee was an album by Alexis Korner 's Blues Incorporated released in November 1962 on Decca Records .
MoonBabies is the second studio album by instrumental rock / progressive metal supergroup Planet X , released in 2002 ( see release history ) through Inside Out Music .
Serve & Collect III is the fourth album by the Boss Hogg Outlawz , released on August 30 , 2011 through E1 Music .
I Learned the Hard Way is the fourth studio album by American soul and funk band Sharon Jones & The Dap - Kings , released April 6 , 2010 on Daptone Records .
Dancing in Your Head is a studio album by jazz artist Ornette Coleman , released in 1977 by Horizon Records .
Pain Is Love 2 ( also known under the acronym PIL2 ) is the seventh album by American rapper Ja Rule ; it was released on February 28 , 2012 , by Mpire Music Group and Fontana Distribution .
`` Say You 'll Haunt Me '' is the second single from alternative metal band Stone Sour 's third album Audio Secrecy which was released on September 7 , 2010 via Roadrunner Records .
Kids in the Street is the fourth studio album by American rock band The All - American Rejects , released March 26 , 2012 by Interscope Records .
`` Too Funky '' is a song written and performed by English singer George Michael and released by Columbia Records in the United States and Epic Records elsewhere in 1992 .
Stay Afraid is the second full - length album from Parts & Labor , released in 2006 on Jagjaguwar Records .
Ichabod and I is the debut album by British indie rock band The Boo Radleys , released in 1990 on the indie label Action Records .
Action / in / Inaction is the third album by the Baltimore - based band Telesma .
I Do n't Want to Grow Up is the second album by the American punk rock band the Descendents , released in 1985 through New Alliance Records .
Field Manual is the debut solo album by Death Cab for Cutie guitarist Chris Walla , released on January 29 , 2008 on Barsuk Records .
Goes on a Field Trip is the second and final album by Canadian pop punk band LiveonRelease , released by Her Royal Majesty 's Records in January 2003 ( see 2003 in music ) .
What Happens in Hell , Stays in Hell is the eighth studio album by the psychobilly band the Nekromantix , released August 2 , 2011 through Hellcat Records .
A Polydor Records promotional video was recorded at the Olympic Studios in Barnes , supposedly of the band actually recording `` My Friend Stan '' .
Baby 's Got a Gun is the third and final studio album by English power pop band The Only Ones , released in 1980 by Epic Records .
Ringing in the Sane is the debut studio album and third release from Australian rock band The Hot Lies , released through Liberation Music on 15 September 2007 .
Catch a Fire , released on 13 April 1973 , is the fifth album by Jamaican reggae band The Wailers , and the first the band released on Island Records .
Profiled is an interview album by English rock band Led Zeppelin , released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1990 .
Music for Men is the fourth studio album by the American band Gossip , released in 2009 by Columbia Records .
Trompe le Monde is the fourth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pixies , released in 1991 on the English independent record label 4AD in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States .
MGM Records released `` Lovesick Blues '' in February 1949 , and it became an overnight success , quickly reaching number one on Billboard 's Top C&W singles and number 24 on the Most Played in Jukeboxes list .
Common Dreads is the second studio album by Enter Shikari released on June 15 , 2009 and June 16 in the US .
Kill Your Own is the third studio album by British - based rock band Hundred Reasons , released on 20 March 2006 , on V2 Records .
The R.E.D. Album is the fourth studio album by the American rapper Game ; it was released on August 23 , 2011 , by DGC Records and Interscope Records .
( Amy Holland 's husband Michael McDonald would remake `` Ai n't Nothing Like the Real Thing '' for his 2003 album Motown . )
Long Live the Loud is the third studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter , released through Music for Nations in 1985 and re - released through Megaforce Records in March 2005 with the EP Feel the Knife .
Elevator Madness is an album by New Zealand composer Peter Jefferies , released on October 22 , 1996 through Emperor Jones .
The Best of Type O Negative is an album from Roadrunner Records , featuring a collection of Type O Negative 's music with the label .
Skate Board Park is a jazz album by Joe Farrell on the Xanadu Records label .
Abysmal Evenings is the ninth album by composer Paul Schütze , released in 1996 through Virgin Records .
`` We Came to Dance '' is the final single from Ultravox 's sixth studio album Quartet ( the third studio album recorded with singer Midge Ure ) , recorded in Air Studios , London and released on Chrysalis Records on 18 April 1983 .
`` So Insane '' is the second promo single from Smash Mouth 's 2006 album , Summer Girl .
Ice Upon the Night was especially marketed to Benelux countries , Germany and Switzerland , and to the United States and Canada through Facedown Records that issued the album with a different , wintry cover .
Hooked on Classics is an album by Louis Clark and the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra , published in 1981 by K - tel and distributed by RCA Records , part of the Hooked on Classics series .
Take a Bite is the seventh studio album by British heavy metal band , Girlschool , released by GWR Records in 1988 .
The Art of Breaking is the third studio album by Christian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch that was released by Tooth & Nail Records in July 2005 .
Surfaces of a Broken Marching Band is Ezekiel Honig 's fifth album , released October 27 , 2008 by Anticipate Recordings .
Gatorhythms is a blues album by Marcia Ball ; it was released in 1989 by Rounder Records .
Mann Made is the second studio album by British beat / R&B group Manfred Mann , released by His Master 's Voice in October 1965 .
God 's Fury is the third studio album from the hip hop duo OuterSpace , released on September 30 , 2008 , by Babygrande Records .
The Lemon of Pink is the second album by American musical duo The Books , released October 7 , 2003 on the Tomlab record label .
En ny tid är här ... is an album by Swedish rock band November released in 1970 on Sonet Records .
Love & Gravity would go on to be released on July 29 , 1997 under the Arista Nashville label .
The Streetsweeper , Vol . 2 is the second album by American DJ , DJ Kay Slay , released on March 30 , 2004 through Columbia Records .
A Million Lights is the third studio album by English recording artist Cheryl Cole , released on 15 June 2012 through Fascination Records .
Saint and Blurry is an album by John Hegley released in 1993 by Rykodisc .
A Sphere in the Heart of Silence is a collaborative studio album by John Frusciante and Josh Klinghoffer , released on November 23 , 2004 on Record Collection .
`` Keep On Lovin' Me Honey '' is a 1968 hit written and produced by Nickolas Ashford & Valerie Simpson , and issued as a single on Motown Records ' Tamla label by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell .
Dinner in Caracas is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer / arranger / conductor Aldemaro Romero , released in 1955 , under contract with RCA Victor .
Double Trios is a 1986 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Denon label .
Within My Walls is The Idan Raichel Project 's second international release , off US - based label , Cumbancha .
Old Brush Arbors is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1965 on the Musicor Records label .
Hudson River Wind Meditations is the twentieth solo album by Lou Reed , a collection of meditational music on the Sounds True record label .
The Best Rapper on the Scene is a studio album by rapper Kurtis Blow , released in 1983 on Mercury Records .
Rumors and Headlines is the third full - length album by Californian punk rock group One Man Army , released in 2002 by BYO Records .
`` Love Me Now or Love Me Later '' is a 1980 song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye , who issued it on his final Motown release , In Our Lifetime , in 1981 .
For the success of The Colour of Spring , EMI rewarded Talk Talk with an open budget and schedule for the recording of their next album , Spirit of Eden .
Emergency & I is a 1999 album by American indie rock band The Dismemberment Plan , issued on DeSoto Records .
Waiter , Make Mine Blues is a vocal jazz album by Anita O'Day released in April 1961 on Verve Records .
Da REAList is the third studio album by American rapper Plies , released by Atlantic Records on December 16 , 2008 in North America .
Ryde or Die Vol . 2 is a compilation album from American hip hop record label Ruff Ryders Entertainment , released on July 4 , 2000 .
`` The Love I Saw in You Was Just a Mirage '' is a 1967 song recorded by the American R&B group The Miracles on Motown Records ' Tamla label .
Inside the Electric Circus is the third studio album by heavy metal band W.A.S.P. , released in October 1986 through Capitol Records ; a remastered edition featuring two bonus tracks was reissued in 1997 through Snapper Music .
Gem and I is the twelfth studio album by Emm Gryner , released September 21 , 2010 on Dead Daisy Records in Canada and Second Motion Records in the United States .
After leaving Specialty Records Little Richard returned to `` Good Golly , Miss Molly '' many times .
Cruel to Be Young is indie band Jonezetta 's second full - length album , which was released on September 16 , 2008 through Tooth & Nail Records .
Miss Show Business is a studio album by Judy Garland , released in 1955 through Capitol Records .
Overpowered is the second solo studio album by Irish singer - songwriter Róisín Murphy , released on 11 October 2007 by EMI .
The earliest single version of `` I Do n't Know How to Love Him '' was that cut by Karen Wyman an artist on the roster of MCA / Decca Records the label of release for the original Jesus Christ Superstar album :
`` Cake by the Ocean '' is the debut single by American pop - rock band DNCE , released on September 18 , 2015 , through Republic Records .
Power , Corruption & Lies is the second studio album by the English rock band New Order , released in May 1983 on Factory Records .
Flight of the Blue Jay is an album by Paul Motian released on the German Winter & Winter label in 1997 and featuring performances of bebop jazz standards by Motian with the Electric Bebop Band .
Emission Phase is the third full - length studio album by the band Detonation and was released by the French label Osmose Productions .
Megalithic Symphony is the debut studio album by American electronic rock band Awolnation , released on March 15 , 2011 through Red Bull Records .
In 1979 , Musselwhite recorded The Harmonica According to Charlie Musselwhite in London for Kicking Mule Records , intended to go with an instructional book ; the album itself became so popular that it has been released on CD .
Easy Action is the second studio album by Alice Cooper 's band , released by Straight Records in March 1970 .
Do n't Know How to Party was The Mighty Mighty Bosstones ' major label debut on Mercury Records , their first venture away from their original label Taang !
Delired Cameleon Family is a progressive rock album by the group of the same name , released in 1975 on EMI Records in France .
Re - Arrange Us is the fifth album by American indie pop band Mates of State , on Barsuk Records , released on May 20 , 2008 .
Recorded at band member Ken Olden 's home , Value Driven was released by Cappo 's record label , Supersoul in the U.S. , Epitaph Records in Europe , and Pinhead Records in South America .
I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One is the eighth studio album by the American indie rock band Yo La Tengo , released on April 22 , 1997 , by Matador Records .
Magic Christian Music is the debut album by the British rock band Badfinger , released in early 1970 on Apple Records .
Do You Want More ? ! ! ! ? ? ! is the second studio album by American hip hop band The Roots , released January 17 , 1995 on DGC Records .
Chopper City in the Ghetto is the fifth studio album by American rapper B.G. released April 20 , 1999 , on Cash Money Records and Universal .
Oi Thalassies oi Hadres ( Greek : Οι Θαλασσιές οι Χάντρες , The Blue Beads ) is a 1967 Greek musical film , directed by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Zoe Laskari , Kostas Voutsas , Martha Karagianni , Faidon Georgitsis , Giannis Vogiatzis and Mary Chronopoulou .
Seven Years Bad Luck is a 1921 American comedy film written and directed by , and starring Max Linder .
Klondike Annie is a 1936 black - and - white comedy drama film starring Mae West and Victor McLaglen .
21 Grams is a 2003 American drama film directed by Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu from a screenplay written by Guillermo Arriaga .
The episode is based on the short story `` The Revelations of Becka Paulson '' by Stephen King , first published in 1984 .
Where the Money Is is a 2000 film directed by Marek Kanievska , written by E. Max Frye , and starring Paul Newman , Linda Fiorentino , and Dermot Mulroney .
Company Business is a 1991 spy film , written and directed by Nicholas Meyer and starring Gene Hackman and Mikhail Baryshnikov .
A Heavy Heart ( German : Herbert ) is a 2015 German drama film directed by Thomas Stuber .
Nya hyss av Emil i Lönneberga is a 1972 Swedish film , the second of three films about the Emil i Lönneberga by Astrid Lindgren .
Kiss Me , Stupid is a 1964 American comedy film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Dean Martin , Kim Novak , and Ray Walston .
Wild Cactus is a 1993 thriller / erotic film directed by Jag Mundhra .
Blind Chance ( Polish : Przypadek ) is a Polish film written and directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Bogusław Linda .
Brudebuketten ( English : The Bridal Bouquet ) is a 1953 Norwegian comedy film directed by Bjørn Breigutu , starring Randi Kolstad , Lalla Carlsen and Per Aabel .
The Devil 's Eye ( Swedish : Djävulens öga ) is a 1960 Swedish fantasy - comedy film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman .
Before the Winter Chill ( French : Avant l'hiver ) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Philippe Claudel .
The True Story of Eskimo Nell ( when screened in the United Kingdom , retitled Dick Down Under ) is a 1975 Australian comedy film produced , directed , and written by Richard Franklin , and starring Max Gillies as Deadeye Dick and Serge Lazareff as Mexico Pete .
Revenge of Black Eagle ( Italian : La Vendetta di Aquila Nera , released in UK as Revenge of the Black Eagle ) is a 1951 Italian adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda .
The film begins at a meeting of the Sons of the Desert , a fraternal lodge ( styled to resemble the Shriners ) of which both Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are members .
Super Size Me is a 2004 American documentary film directed by and starring Morgan Spurlock , an American independent filmmaker .
Teaching Mrs. Tingle is a 1999 dark comedy - thriller film and the directing debut of screenwriter Kevin Williamson , who wrote Scream and Scream 2 also from Dimension Films .
Et la lumière fut ( internationally released as And Then There Was Light ) is a 1989 French drama film written and directed by Otar Iosseliani .
The Final Destination ( also known as Final Destination 4 ) is a 2009 American horror film written by Eric Bress and directed by David R. Ellis , both of whom also worked on Final Destination 2 .
Red Wood Pigeon ( Italian : Palombella rossa ) is a 1989 Italian comedy drama film written and directed by Nanni Moretti .
The Idlers of the Fertile Valley ( Greek : Οι Τεμπέληδες της εύφορης κοιλάδας ; Oi tembelides tis eforis koiladas ) is a Greek film directed by Nikos Panayotopoulos .
Goat Story - The Old Prague Legends ( Czech : Kozí příběh - pověsti staré Prahy ) is a 2008 Czech and East Europe 3D computer adult animated fantasy comedy feature film written by David Sláma , produced by Karl T. Hirsch , directed by Jan Tománek with music by David Solař and animated by Art And Animation studio .
La moglie in bianco ... l'amante al pepe is a 1980 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini .
Farewell , Home Sweet Home ( French : Adieu , plancher des vaches ! ) is a 1999 French comedy film directed by Otar Iosseliani .
Dead Men Do n't Make Shadows , aka Stranger That Kneels Beside the Shadow of a Corpse ( in original Italian : Inginocchiati straniero ... I cadaveri non fanno ombra ! ) is a 1970 spaghetti western directed by Demofilo Fidani .
World 's Greatest Dad is a 2009 American satirical black comedy film written and directed by Bobcat Goldthwait .
He Laughed Last is a 1956 Technicolor film by Blake Edwards .
Genealogies of a Crime ( French : Généalogies d'un crime , Portuguese : Genealogias de um Crime ) is a 1997 French - Portuguese film directed by Raúl Ruiz .
The Stealers is a 1920 American silent film directed by Christy Cabanne .
Sweet Hours ( Dulces horas ) is a Spanish film , written and directed by Carlos Saura and released in 1982 .
Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar ( French : Astérix & Obélix contre César , Asterix & Obelix vs. Caesar in some regions ) is a 1999 feature film directed by Claude Zidi , the first of what went on to become a series of live - action films based on Goscinny and Uderzo 's Astérix comics .
Body Double is a 1984 American erotic thriller film co - written and directed by Brian De Palma and starring Craig Wasson , Melanie Griffith , Deborah Shelton and Gregg Henry .
`` A Saucer of Loneliness '' is a short story by Theodore Sturgeon which first appeared in Galaxy Science Fiction in N ° 27 ( February 1953 ) .
Hirak Rajar Deshe ( Bengali : হীরক রাজার দেশে Hirok Rajar Deshe , lit . `` in the land of the Diamond King '' . English title : Kingdom of Diamonds , 1980 ) is the sequel to 1969 film Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne and the second installment of Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne series directed by Satyajit Ray .
Pierrot le Fou ( pronounced : ( pjɛʁo lə fu ) , French for `` Pierrot the madman '' ) is a 1965 French film directed by Jean - Luc Godard , starring Anna Karina and Jean - Paul Belmondo .
Totò and Carolina ( Italian : Totò e Carolina ) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Totò .
Death of a Superhero is a 2011 Irish drama film based on the New Zealand novel of the same name by Anthony McCarten .
Brudeferden i Hardanger ( Norwegian : The bridal procession in Hardanger ) is a 1926 Norwegian silent drama film directed by Rasmus Breistein , starring Aase Bye .
48 Hrs . is a 1982 American action comedy film directed by Walter Hill , starring Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy ( in his film debut and Golden Globe Award - nominated role ) as a cop and convict , respectively , who team up to catch a cop - killer .
Un caso di coscienza ( Italian for A matter of conscience ) is a 1970 Italian comedy - drama film written and directed by Giovanni Grimaldi .
Olympic Garage ( Spanish : Garage Olimpo ) is a 1999 Argentine drama film , directed by Marco Bechis .
The Staffan Stolle Story ( Swedish : Ratataa ) is a 1956 Swedish musical comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman .
It Happened Here ( also known as It Happened Here : The Story of Hitler 's England ) is a black - and white 1964 British World War II film written , produced and directed by Kevin Brownlow and Andrew Mollo , who began work on the film as teenagers .
Stars Over Broadway is a 1935 American musical film directed by William Keighley and written by Jerry Wald , Julius J. Epstein and Pat C. Flick .
You 're a Big Boy Now is a 1966 film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola about an upper - middle - class young man 's coming of age in 1960s Manhattan .
The Other Side of the Wind is an unfinished film directed by Orson Welles , shot between 1970 and 1976 .
Tight Spot is a 1955 American film noir directed by Phil Karlson and written by William Bowers , based on the play Dead Pigeon , by Leonard Kantor .
Masumiyet ( English : Innocence ) is a 1997 Turkish dramatic film directed by Zeki Demirkubuz and starring Derya Alabora , Haluk Bilginer and Güven Kıraç .
Where the Green Ants Dream ( German : Wo die grünen Ameisen träumen ) is a 1984 film by German film director Werner Herzog .
Struggle for Eagle Peak ( Norwegian : Venner ) is a 1960 Norwegian crime film directed by Tancred Ibsen .
Between Strangers is a 2002 film , written and directed by Edoardo Ponti , son of Sophia Loren , the first time they worked together .
Poovizhi Vasalile is a 1987 Indian Tamil Suspense thriller film , directed by Fazil , starring Sathyaraj and Sujitha in lead roles .
Verboten ! is a 1959 film written , produced and directed by Samuel Fuller .
There 's Something About Mary is a 1998 comedy film , directed by the Farrelly brothers , Bobby and Peter .
Night at the Crossroads ( French : La Nuit du carrefour ) is a 1932 film by Jean Renoir based on the novel of the same title ( known in English as Maigret at the Crossroads ) by Georges Simenon and starring Renoir 's brother Pierre Renoir as Simenon 's popular detective , Inspector Maigret .
The Sicilian Connection ( Italian : Afyon oppio , French : Action héroïne , also known as The Opium Connection and La filière ) is a 1972 Italian - French crime - thriller film directed by Ferdinando Baldi .
Pusher II ( also known as Pusher II : With Blood on My Hands ) is a 2004 Danish crime film written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn .
The Fairy and the Waif is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Marie Hubert Frohman and George Irving .
Shell 43 is a 1916 American war film written by C. Gardner Sullivan and starring H.B. Warner and Enid Markey .
La Scoumoune ( `` Bad luck '' ) is a 1972 French film directed by José Giovanni , starring Jean Paul Belmondo , Claudia Cardinale and Michel Constantin .
The Three Must - Get - Theres is a 1922 American silent film directed by Max Linder .
April Story ( Japanese and Chinese : 四月物語 ) is a Japanese short film directed by Shunji Iwai starring Takako Matsu .
Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 American neo - noir crime drama film directed by Abel Ferrara .
Hugo Pool ( also known as Pool Girl in the UK ) is a 1997 American romantic comedy film , directed by Robert Downey , Sr . , starring Alyssa Milano and Patrick Dempsey .
Satan 's Brew ( German : Satansbraten ) is a 1976 German film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder .
Abenteuer in Bamsdorf is an East German adventure film directed by Konrad Petzold .
About Adam is a 2000 romantic comedy film written and directed by Gerard Stembridge .
The Other is a 1972 psychological thriller film directed by Robert Mulligan , adapted for film by Tom Tryon from his novel of the same name .
A Ship Bound for India ( Swedish : Skepp till Indialand ) is a 1947 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman .
Waiting for Woody is a 1998 Grant Heslov - directed drama short film .
Solomon & Gaenor ( Welsh : Solomon a Gaenor ) is a BAFTA Awarded and Academy nominated Welsh film released in 1999 and directed by Paul Morrison .
The film is based on the Auguste Le Breton novel , Du rififi chez les femmes , published in 1957 and reprinted in 2010 .
Cruiser Emden ( German : Kreuzer Emden ) is a 1932 German war film directed by Louis Ralph and starring Ralph , Renée Stobrawa , Hans Schlenck and Werner Fuetterer .
Abuse of Weakness ( French : Abus de faiblesse ) is a 2013 semi - autobiographical film written and directed by Catherine Breillat .
Marguerite & Julien ( French : Marguerite et Julien ) is a 2015 French drama film directed by Valérie Donzelli about a brother and sister involved in an incestuous relationship .
Souvenirs , Souvenirs is a 1984 French comedy film directed by Ariel Zeitoun .
A Moment of Innocence ( Persian : نون و گلدون‎ , Nūn o goldūn ) is a 1996 film directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf .
BASEketball is a 1998 American sports comedy film co - written and directed by David Zucker and starring South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone , along with Dian Bachar , Robert Vaughn , Ernest Borgnine , Yasmine Bleeth and Jenny McCarthy .
Goliath at the Conquest of Damascus ( Italian : Golia alla conquista di Bagdad ) is a 1965 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella .
The Charles Bukowski Tapes are a collection of short interviews with the American writer / poet Charles Bukowski , filmed and assembled by Barbet Schroeder and first published in 1987 in the USA .
Why Did I Get Married ? is a 2007 comedy - drama film adaptation written , produced , directed , and starring Tyler Perry , which was inspired by his play of the same name .
No Minor Vices is a 1948 American black - and - white comedy film written by Arnold Manoff and directed by Lewis Milestone with Robert Aldrich as 1st assistant director .
Domani mi sposo ( also known as Tomorrow I 'm Getting Married ) is a 1984 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Massaro .
Camere da letto ( Bedrooms ) is a 1997 Italian romantic comedy film written , directed and starred by Simona Izzo .
Kryptonite ! ( Italian : La kryptonite nella borsa ) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Ivan Cotroneo .
Rynox was adapted from a novel by popular thriller writer of the day Philip MacDonald .
The Favourite Son ( original title : Le Fils préféré ) is a 1994 French drama film directed by Nicole Garcia and written by François Dupeyron , Jacques Fieschi and Garcia .
No Names on the Doors ( Hebrew : אין שמות על הדלתות ) is a 1997 Israeli drama directed by Nadav Levitan .
Paths of Glory is a 1957 American anti - war film by Stanley Kubrick based on the novel of the same name by Humphrey Cobb .
That Night in Varennes ( Italian : Il mondo nuovo ; French : La Nuit de Varennes ) is a 1982 Italian and French drama film directed by Ettore Scola .
Murai Maman is a 1995 Tamil language comedy film directed by newcomer Sundar C ..
Camera d'albergo is a 1981 Italian comedy film written and directed by Mario Monicelli .
The Whisperers is a 1967 British drama film directed by Bryan Forbes , based on the 1961 novel by Robert Nicolson , and starring Edith Evans .
Revolution My A ( Danish : Rend mig i revolutionen ) is a 1970 Danish film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe .
The Paradine Case is a 1947 American film noir courtroom drama film , set in England , directed by Alfred Hitchcock and produced by David O. Selznick .
Merciless Man ( Italian : Genova a mano armata ) is a 1976 crime film directed by Mario Lanfranchi and starring Tony Lo Bianco .
Helsinki Napoli All Night Long ( also released as Helsinki -- Napoli ) is a gangster - comedy film written , directed and produced by Mika Kaurismäki .
Hell Ride is a 2008 American action / neo - outlaw biker film written and directed by Larry Bishop and starring Bishop , Michael Madsen , Dennis Hopper , Eric Balfour , Vinnie Jones , Leonor Varela and David Carradine .
Do n't Sting the Mosquito ( Italian : Non stuzzicate la zanzara ) is a 1967 Italian musicarello film directed by Lina Wertmüller ( under the stage name George H. Brown ) .
A History of Violence is a 2005 American crime thriller film directed by David Cronenberg and written by Josh Olson .
See How They Fall ( French : Regarde les hommes tomber ) is a 1994 film directed by Jacques Audiard .
The Dark Glow of the Mountains ( Gasherbrum - Der Leuchtende Berg ) is a TV documentary made in 1984 by German filmmaker Werner Herzog .
Always the Woman is a 1922 American silent romance drama film produced by and starring Betty Compson and directed by Arthur Rosson .
Rosario Tijeras is a 2005 Colombian film and 2010 TV series based on the book of the same name written by Jorge Franco .
Dracula 3D is a 2012 Italian - French - Spanish horror film directed by Dario Argento and starring Thomas Kretschmann and Rutger Hauer .
Acción mutante is a 1993 Spanish science fiction black comedy film co - written and directed by Álex de la Iglesia and produced by , among others , Pedro Almodóvar .
Liquirizia ( Italian for `` Liquorice '' ) is a 1979 Italian teen comedy film written and directed by Salvatore Samperi and starring Christian De Sica , Barbara Bouchet , Jenny Tamburi , Teo Teocoli and Tino Schirinzi .
Samoa , Queen of the Jungle ( Italian : Samoa , regina della giungla ) is a 1968 Italian adventure film directed by Guido Malatesta .
Marielena is a Spanish - language telenovela written by Delia Fiallo .
Nazi Love Camp 27 ( Italian : La svastica nel ventre ) is a 1977 Italian Nazi exploitation film by western director Mario Caiano starring Sirpa Lane .
Difficult Years ( Italian : Anni difficili ) is a 1948 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Umberto Spadaro , adapted from the 1946 short story Vecchio con gli stivali ( `` Old Man in Boots '' ) , by the Sicilian author Vitaliano Brancati .
Den vita stenen ( `` The White Stone '' ) is a 1964 Swedish children 's book written by Gunnel Linde .
Three O'Clock High is a 1987 high - school comedy film , directed by Phil Joanou , written by Richard Christian Matheson and Thomas Szollosi ; the executive producer was Aaron Spelling .
Keïta ! l'Héritage du griot ( English title : Keita ! Voice of the Griot ) is a 1995 Burkinabé drama film directed by Dani Kouyaté and starring Sotigui Kouyaté .
I due sanculotti ( Italian for `` The two sans - culottes '' ) is a 1966 comedy film written and directed by Giorgio Simonelli .
Don Giovanni in Sicilia , internationally released as Don Juan in Sicily , is a 1967 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada .
Polluting Paradise ( German : Der Müll i m Garten Eden , also known as Garbage in the Garden of Eden ) is a 2012 German documentary film directed by Fatih Akın .
What 's Up , Tiger Lily ? is a 1966 comedy film directed by Woody Allen in his feature - length directorial debut .
Tom Toms of Mayumba ( Italian : Tam tam mayumbe ) is a 1955 Italian adventure film directed by Gian Gaspare Napolitano .
Bombay Talkie is a 1970 film by Merchant Ivory Productions , with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and James Ivory .
`` Like Father , Like Clown '' was written by the duo of Jay Kogen and Wallace Wolodarsky .
Le Amiche ( English : The Girlfriends ) is a 1955 Italian black - and - white drama film directed by Michelangelo Antonioni and starring Eleonora Rossi Drago , Gabriele Ferzetti , Franco Fabrizi , and Valentina Cortese .
Phantom of the Paradise is a 1974 American musical horror film written and directed by Brian De Palma , and starring Paul Williams , William Finley and Jessica Harper .
We Are Not Angels ( Serbian : Ми нисмо анђели , Mi nismo anđeli ) is a 1992 Serbian comedy movie directed by Srđan Dragojević that became one of the most popular films of the 1990s in the region of the former Yugoslavia .
The Weak and the Wicked ( called Young and Willing in the United States ) is a 1954 British drama film directed by J. Lee Thompson based on the book by his wife , Joan Henry , starring Glynis Johns , and Diana Dors .
Je t'aime , je t'aime ( `` I Love You , I Love You '' ) is a 1968 French science fiction film directed by Alain Resnais from a screenplay by Jacques Sternberg .
The Song of the Suburbs ( Spanish : La Canción de los barrios ) is a 1941 Argentine musical film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Aída Alberti , Alicia Vignoli and Hugo del Carril .
Dear Rosie ( 1990 ) is a British short subject directed by Peter Cattaneo from a script by Peter Morgan and Mark Wadlow .
Slums of Beverly Hills is a 1998 American comedy film , written and directed by Tamara Jenkins , and starring Natasha Lyonne , Alan Arkin , Marisa Tomei , David Krumholtz , Kevin Corrigan , Jessica Walter , and Carl Reiner .
Alex Joffé , José Giovanni , Gabriel Arout , James - Jacques Mage and Auguste Le Breton from his novel Du rififi chez les femmes ( 1957 , Presses de la Cité ) Dialogue :
The Hudsucker Proxy is a 1994 comedy film co - written , produced , and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen .
Strogoff is a European adventure film directed in 1970 by Eriprando Visconti .
Dreamplay ( Norwegian : Drømspel ) is a 1994 Norwegian drama film directed by Unni Straume .
Il merlo maschio ( The Male Blackbird ) , known in United Kingdom as The Naked Cello or Secret Fantasy in USA , is an Italian motion picture , filmed in 1971 by director Pasquale Festa Campanile .
Idaya Kovil ( English : Temple in Heart ) is a 1985 Indian Tamil language film directed by Mani Ratnam , starring Mohan , Radha , Ambika and Goundamani .
Golem , the Spirit of the Exile ( French : Golem , l'esprit de l'exil , Italian : Golem , Lo spirito dell'esilio , also known as Golem , the Ghost of Exile ) is a 1992 drama film directed by Amos Gitai .
Four Minutes ( German : Vier Minuten ) , is a 2006 drama film directed by Chris Kraus starring Monica Bleibtreu , Hannah Herzsprung , Sven Pippig , and Richy Müller .
The screenplay was adapted by Henry F. Greenberg from a story by Hall Bartlett and Jerry Paris based on the 1959 novel The Caretakers by Dariel Telfer .
Hotel St. Pauli is a 1988 Norwegian drama film by Svend Wam , based upon the novel `` Jord ! '' by Erland Kiøsterud .
Klown ( Danish : Klovn - The Movie ) is a 2010 Danish comedy film starring Frank Hvam and Casper Christensen and directed by Mikkel Nørgaard .
Utt Pataang is a 2011 Bollywood Comedy thriller film , written and directed by Srikanth V. Velagaleti and features Vinay Pathak in a double role alongside , Mahie Gill , Mona Singh and Saurabh Shukla in the leading roles .
Med glorian på sned ( English : With the halo askew ) is a 1957 Swedish comedy film , directed by Hasse Ekman .
China Is Near ( Italian : La Cina è vicina ) is a 1967 Italian drama film written and directed by Marco Bellocchio .
Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon is a 2003 Bollywood romantic comedy drama film by Sooraj R. Barjatya and a production by Rajshri .
Great Transport ( Serbo - Croatian : Veliki transport ) is a 1983 Yugoslav drama film directed by Veljko Bulajić .
Baby Geniuses is a 1999 American family - oriented comedy film directed by Bob Clark .
But It Is n't Serious ( Italian : Ma non è una cosa seria ) is a 1921 Italian silent film directed by Augusto Camerini and starring Carmen Boni .
Ek Doctor Ki Maut ( Hindi : एक डॉकटर की मौत , English : Death of a Doctor ) is a 1990 award winning film by noted Bengali director Tapan Sinha , which depicts the ostracism , bureaucratic negligence , reprimand and insult of a doctor and his research , instead of recognition .
Aranyer Din Ratri ( Bengali : অরণ্যের দিনরাত্রি Araṇyēra Dinarātri , Days and Nights in the Forest ) is an Indian Bengali adventure drama film released in 1970 and directed by Satyajit Ray .
No One Knows About Persian Cats ( Persian : کسی از گربه های ایرانی خبر نداره‎ ) is a 2009 Iranian film directed by Bahman Ghobadi produced by Wild Bunch .
Captain Fracassa 's Journey ( Italian : Il viaggio di Capitan Fracassa ) is a 1990 Italian comedy film directed by Ettore Scola .
The Cheyenne Social Club is a 1970 Western comedy , written by James Lee Barrett , directed and produced by Gene Kelly , and starring James Stewart , Henry Fonda and Shirley Jones .
The Relentless Four or I quattro inesorabili is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Primo Zeglio .
La Garce is a 1984 French thriller film directed by Christine Pascal and starring Isabelle Huppert .
I Married a Witch is a 1942 fantasy romantic comedy film , directed by René Clair , and starring Veronica Lake as a witch whose plan for revenge goes comically awry , with Fredric March as her foil .
The film was directed by Mike Nichols ( his final picture ) and written by Aaron Sorkin , who adapted George Crile III 's 2003 book Charlie Wilson 's War :
The High Sign is a 1921 American short comedy film starring comedian Buster Keaton .
A Cottage on Dartmoor ( a.k.a . Escape from Dartmoor ) is a 1929 British silent film , directed by Anthony Asquith and starring Norah Baring and Uno Henning .
Bell , Book and Candle is a 1958 American romantic comedy Technicolor film directed by Richard Quine , based on the successful Broadway play by John Van Druten and adapted by Daniel Taradash .
The Guidance of Reason ( French : La conduite de la Raison ) is a short film written and directed by Aliocha .
One 4 All ( Une pour toutes ) is a French film directed by Claude Lelouch , released in 1999 .
I Am an ESP ( Italian : Sono un fenomeno paranormale , also known as I 'm a Paranormal Phenomenon ) is a 1985 Italian comedy film written and directed by Sergio Corbucci .
Husaren in Berlin is a 1971 East German film directed by Erwin Stranka .
Tie a Yellow Ribbon is a 2007 award winning film by Korean - American director and writer , Joy Dietrich .
Castle of Sand ( 砂の器 Suna no utsuwa ) is a 1974 Japanese police procedural directed by Yoshitarō Nomura , based on the novel Inspector Imanishi Investigates by Seicho Matsumoto .
Deathmaker ( German : Der Totmacher ) is a 1995 German film directed by Romuald Karmakar and starring Götz George , Jürgen Hentsch and Pierre Franckh .
3 Seasons in Hell ( Czech : 3 sezóny v pekle ) is a 2009 Czech film directed by Tomáš Mašín .
Actrices ( English : Actresses ) is a French comedy - drama film directed by Valeria Bruni Tedeschi , released in 2007 .
They Have Changed Their Face ( Italian : Hanno cambiato faccia ) is a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Corrado Farina and starring Adolfo Celi .
The van Paemel Family ( Dutch : Het gezin van Paemel ) is a 1986 Belgian historic drama directed by Paul Cammermans , based on a play written by Cyriel Buysse .
You Do n't Mess with the Zohan is a 2008 American action comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan and produced by Adam Sandler , who also starred in the film .
Me , Myself & Irene is a 2000 American dark comedy film directed by the Farrelly brothers , and starring Jim Carrey and Renée Zellweger .
Once Upon a Time in the West ( Italian : C'era una volta il West ) is a 1968 epic Spaghetti Western Technicolor film in Techniscope directed by Sergio Leone .
Pan 's Labyrinth , originally known in Spanish as El Laberinto del Fauno ( The Labyrinth of the Faun ) , is a 2006 Spanish - Mexican dark fantasy film written and directed by Mexican Guillermo del Toro .
The Great Magician ( simplified Chinese : 大魔术师 ; traditional Chinese : 大魔術師 ) is a 2011 Hong Kong - Chinese action fantasy - comedy film directed by Derek Yee and starring Tony Leung Chiu - Wai , Lau Ching - wan and Zhou Xun .
Into the White ( also known as Comrade , Lost in the Snow and Cross of Honour in the United Kingdom ) is a film set during the Second World War and directed by Petter Næss .
Say a Word for the Poor Hussar ( Russian : О бедном гусаре замолвите слово ... , translit . O bednom gusare zamolvite slovo ) is a 1981 Soviet film directed by Eldar Ryazanov .
Tower Heist is a 2011 American heist comedy film directed by Brett Ratner and written by Ted Griffin and Jeff Nathanson , based on a story by Bill Collage , Adam Cooper and Griffin .
Nagarik ( Bengali : নাগরিক ) , also spelled as Nagorik , The Citizen in English , was the first feature - length film directed by Indian director Ritwik Ghatak .
Brother of Sleep ( German : Schlafes Bruder ) is a 1995 German film directed by Joseph Vilsmaier and based on a novel by Austrian writer Robert Schneider .
We Are All Murderers ( French : Nous sommes tous des assassins , also known as Are We All Murderers ? ) is a 1952 French film written and directed by André Cayatte , a former attorney .
The Burning Plain is a 2008 drama film directed and written by Guillermo Arriaga , the screenwriter of Amores perros ( 2000 ) , 21 Grams ( 2003 ) , and Babel ( 2006 ) .
In the Heat of the Sun is a 1994 film directed and written by Jiang Wen .
Ricomincio da tre ( internationally released as I 'm Starting from Three and Starting from Three ) is a 1981 Italian comedy film written , directed and starred by Massimo Troisi at his film debut .
Swayamvaram ( English : One 's Own Choice ) is a 1972 Indian Malayalam drama film co - written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan , starring Madhu and Sharada in the lead roles .
La rivincita di Natale , internationally released as Christmas Rematch , is a 2004 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Pupi Avati .
Leaving Las Vegas is a 1995 romantic drama film written and directed by Mike Figgis and based on the semi - autobiographical novel Leaving Las Vegas by John O'Brien .
Bons Baisers de Hong Kong ( also known as From Hong Kong with Love ) is a 1975 French film directed by Yvan Chiffre .
Chair de poule ( French for `` goosebumps '' ) is a 1963 French crime film directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Robert Hossein , Catherine Rouvel , Jean Sorel and Georges Wilson .
Midnight in Paris is a 2011 American - Spanish romantic comedy - fantasy film written and directed by Woody Allen .
Herdsmen of the Sun ( German : Wodaabe - Die Hirten der Sonne ) is a 1989 documentary film by Werner Herzog .
Uncle Howard is a 2016 documentary film directed by Aaron Brookner , about filmmaker Howard Brookner .
The Kingdom of Solomon is an Iranian religious / historical film trilogy , produced by Mojtaba Faravardeh and directed by Shahriar Bahrani who has made Saint Mary before .
`` A Quality of Mercy '' is episode 80 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone , which originally aired on December 29 , 1961 .
Tortoise Beats Hare is a 1941 Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Tex Avery .
Mickey 's Adventures in Numberland ( referred as Mickey 's Adventure in Numberland in its cover ) is an educational Nintendo Entertainment System game starring the famous cartoon character Mickey Mouse .
`` The After Hours '' is episode thirty - four of the American television anthology series , The Twilight Zone .
`` A Disquiet Follows My Soul '' is the fourteenth episode in the fourth season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica .
`` Meg Stinks ! '' is the nineteenth episode of the twelfth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the 229th episode overall .
`` Toy Whorey '' is the eighteenth episode and season finale of the eighth season of the animated comedy series American Dad!.
`` There 's No Place Like Home , Parts 1 , 2 & 3 '' is the season finale of the American Broadcasting Company 's fourth season of the serial drama television series Lost , consisting of the 12th through 14th episodes .
`` Lily B. Goode '' is the pilot episode and first episode of season one of the television sitcom Grounded for Life .
`` I Am Unicorn '' is the second episode of the third season of the American musical television series Glee , and the forty - sixth overall .
`` My Late Lamented Friend and Partner '' is the pilot episode of the popular 1969 British television series Randall and Hopkirk ( Deceased ) starring Mike Pratt , Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre .
Safety Second is a 1950 one - reel animated cartoon and is the 51st Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby .
Sarah Jane Smith is a fictional character played by Elisabeth Sladen in the long - running BBC Television science fiction series Doctor Who and two of its spin - offs .
Surface Detail by Iain M. Banks is a science fiction novel in his Culture series , first published in the UK on 7 October 2010 and the US on 28 October 2010 .
`` Secrets That I Never Want to Know '' is the eighth season premiere episode of the American comedy - drama television series , Desperate Housewives , and the 158th overall episode of the series .
The story picks up right where `` WIlliam Henry Harrison '' left off : the Parks & Recreation gang finds Leslie and Ron 's rivalry cumbersome and locks them in a room together to hash things out .
`` Lottery Fever '' is the first episode of the tenth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the series ' 166th episode overall .
Death of a Citizen is a 1960 spy novel by Donald Hamilton , and was the first in a long - running series of books featuring the adventures of assassin Matt Helm .
The Apple II Plus ( stylized as Apple ) ( + ) is the second model of the Apple II series of personal computers produced by Apple Computer , Inc. It was sold new from June 1979 to December 1982 .
Death 's Master is the second novel in Tanith Lee 's fantasy series Tales from the Flat Earth .
The Evil of the Daleks is the mostly missing ninth and final serial of the fourth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which originally aired in seven weekly parts from 20 May to 1 July 1967 .
The Night of Morningstar is the title of the eleventh book chronicling the adventures of crime lord - turned - secret agent Modesty Blaise .
Never Been Marcused is the 20th episode of the CW television series , Gossip Girl , as well as the 2nd episode of the show 's second season .
The Maze of Bones is the first novel of The 39 Clues series , written by Rick Riordan and published September 9 , 2008 by Scholastic .
`` Perfect Week '' is the 14th episode of the fifth season of the CBS situation comedy How I Met Your Mother and 102nd episode overall .
`` The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka '' is the sixth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park , and the 19th episode of the series overall .
The Nissan Micra , known in Latin America and in most of Asia as the Nissan March ( マーチ Māchi ) , is a supermini car produced by the Japanese manufacturer Nissan since 1982 .
Servants of the Wankh is the second science fiction adventure novel in the tetralogy Tschai , Planet of Adventure .
The Mutants is the fourth serial of the ninth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which was first broadcast in six weekly parts from 8 April to 13 May 1972 .
`` See - Through '' is the fourth episode of the second season and sixteenth overall episode of the American television drama series Dexter , which first aired on 21 October 2007 on Showtime in the United States .
`` Watching Too Much Television '' is the forty - sixth episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the seventh episode of the show 's fourth season .
`` Brian the Bachelor '' is the seventh episode from the fourth season of Family Guy .
`` The Parents '' is the twenty fourth episode of the American television series Smash .
The Voronov Plot is the fourteenth book in the Blake and Mortimer comic book series .
`` The Handicap Spot '' is the 22nd episode of the fourth season and the 62nd overall episode of Seinfeld .
`` Attack of Mark 's Clone '' is the sixth episode of the second season of the American animated television series Ugly Americans , which aired on Comedy Central in the United States on August 4 , 2011 .
`` I Should Have Never Gone Ziplining '' is the sixth episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated sitcom South Park , and the 229th episode overall .
`` Full Leather Jacket '' is the twenty - first episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and is the eighth of the show 's second season .
Calamity Town is a novel that was published in 1942 by Ellery Queen .
The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat ( 1944 ) is the second in the Five Find - Outers series of children 's mystery novels by Enid Blyton .
`` Lucky 's Wedding Suit '' is the 213th episode of the Fox animated television series King of the Hill , and was the 12th episode broadcast in the 11th season .
`` Return of the Kane '' is the sixth episode of the first season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars .
`` The Puppy Episode '' is a two - part episode of the situation comedy television series Ellen .
The Planet Savers is a science fiction novel by Marion Zimmer Bradley in her Darkover series .
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth and final TV movie in the series Hercules : The Legendary Journeys .
White Gold Wielder is the last book of the second trilogy of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant fantasy series written by Stephen R. Donaldson .
King 's Wrath is the third and latest novel of the Valisar Trilogy by Australian author Fiona McIntosh .
The Dragon 's Teeth ( also published as The Virgin Heiresses ) is a mystery novel published in 1939 featuring the popular fictional character Ellery Queen , which is also the pseudonym of the book 's authors , Daniel Nathan and Manford ( Emanuel ) Lepofsky .
Ape Academy 2 ( also known as Piposaru Academia 2 : Aiai Sarugee Janken Battle ! in Japan ) is the sequel to the PlayStation Portable party game Ape Escape Academy .
`` A Land Without Magic '' is the 22nd episode and first season finale of the American fairy tale / drama television series Once Upon a Time , which aired in the United States on ABC on May 13 , 2012 .
Brightness Reef is a 1995 science fiction novel by David Brin and the fourth book of six set in his Uplift Universe ( preceded by The Uplift War and followed by Infinity 's Shore ) .
`` The Story on Page One '' is the 19th episode from the second season of the FOX animated series Family Guy .
`` Bart of Darkness '' is the first episode of The Simpsons ' sixth season , which originally aired September 4 , 1994 .
David Starr , Space Ranger is the first novel in the Lucky Starr series , six juvenile science fiction novels by Isaac Asimov that originally appeared under the pseudonym Paul French .
`` Swarley '' is the seventh episode in the second season of the television series How I Met Your Mother .
`` A. B. and C. '' is the title of the third episode of the British science fiction - allegorical series , The Prisoner .
`` Crimes of the Hot '' is the eighth episode of the fourth production season of the television show Futurama .
The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith is a story of The Sarah Jane Adventures which was broadcast on CBBC on 17 and 24 November 2008 .
`` The Adventure of the Copper Beeches '' , one of the 56 short Sherlock Holmes stories written by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , is the last of the twelve collected in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes .
`` Dear Doctor '' is the thirteenth episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Enterprise and originally aired on January 23 , 2002 , on UPN .
Tembo Tabou , written by Franquin and Greg , drawn by Franquin and Jean Roba , is the twentyfourth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the twentieth under Franquin 's authorship .
The Ford Scorpio is an executive car that was produced by Ford Europe from 1985 to 1998 .
`` Two Monkeys and a Panda '' is the 17th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Modern Family and the 41st episode overall .
`` The Boscombe Valley Mystery '' , one of the 56 short Sherlock Holmes stories written by the British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , is the fourth of the twelve stories in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes .
`` Sofia 's Choice '' is an episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty , which aired on January 11 , 2007 .
`` You Ca n't Do That on Television , Peter '' is the eighteenth episode of the tenth season of the animated comedy series , Family Guy .
The Trial of a Time Lord is a 14-part science fiction serial in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
`` The Highlights of 100 '' is an hour - long , two - part episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld .
`` Escape from Victory '' is the fifth episode of the third series of Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted and the 22nd episode overall .
`` Whatever Happened , Happened '' is the 11th television episode of the fifth season of ABC 's Lost .
`` Bart the Mother '' is the third episode of The Simpsons tenth season .
`` Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants '' is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the animated television series South Park , and the 74th episode of the series overall .
`` Homer 's Enemy '' is the twenty - third episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons .
`` The Watchers on the Wall '' is the ninth episode of the fourth season of HBO 's fantasy television series Game of Thrones , and the 39th overall .
The War Games is the seventh and final serial of the sixth season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who , which originally aired in ten weekly parts from 19 April to 21 June 1969 .
`` The Wig Master '' is the 129th episode of the NBC situation comedy Seinfeld .
Weapons of Choice is the first novel of the Axis of Time alternative history trilogy , written by Australian author John Birmingham .
`` Nothing Important Happened Today '' is the collective name for the ninth season premiere and the 183rd and 184th episodes of the science fiction television series The X - Files .
`` A Time to Stand '' is the first episode of the sixth season of the television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , and the 125th episode overall .
`` The Other Martin Loring '' is a 1973 episode of Marcus Welby , M.D. , an American medical drama that aired on ABC .
Z'ha'dum is the final episode of the third season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 .
`` Tsunkatse '' is the fifteenth episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Voyager .
Wizardborn is the third novel in David Farland 's epic fantasy series The Runelords .
`` The Andorian Incident '' is the seventh episode ( production # 107 ) of the television series Star Trek : Enterprise , and was written by Brannon Braga , Fred Dekker and Rick Berman .
`` Boys Do Cry '' is the 15th episode of the fifth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , originally airing on the Fox network on April 29 , 2007 .
`` Join the Club '' is the second episode of the sixth season and sixty - seventh episode overall of the HBO television drama series The Sopranos , which premiered on March 19 , 2006 in the United States .
The Incomplete Enchanter is a collection of two fantasy novellas by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt , the first volume in their Harold Shea series .
Le faiseur d'or , written and drawn by Fournier , is the twentieth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the first to follow the Spirou retirement of André Franquin .
`` Little Miss Lost '' is the fourth episode of the ABC drama Miracles .
Mona Lisa Overdrive is a cyberpunk novel by William Gibson published in 1988 and the final novel of the Sprawl trilogy , following Neuromancer and Count Zero .
`` At Long Last Leave '' is the fourteenth episode of The Simpsons ' ​ twenty - third season , and the 500th episode overall of the series .
La Curée ( 1871 - -72 ; English : The Kill ) is the 2nd novel in Émile Zola 's 20-volume series Les Rougon - Macquart .
`` Little Big Girl '' is the twelfth episode of The Simpsons ' eighteenth season , which was originally broadcast on February 11 , 2007 .
`` Regional Holiday Music '' is the tenth episode of the third season of the American television series Community , and 59th overall episode of the series .
Sharpe 's Devil is the twenty - first and ultimate historical novel in the Richard Sharpe series written by Bernard Cornwell and published in 1993 .
Mageia is a Linux based operating system , distributed as free and open source software .
`` The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers '' is the thirteenth episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series South Park , and the 92nd overall episode of the series .
`` TOWIE Live '' is the second episode of a series of special episodes airing throughout December 2012 of The Only Way Is Essex .
`` Flesh and Stone '' is the fifth episode of the fifth series of British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
`` Elementary , Dear Data '' is the third episode of the second season of the syndicated science fiction television series Star Trek : The Next Generation , the 29th episode of the show overall .
`` Out of the Chute '' is the sixteenth episode of the seventh season of the American medical drama House .
`` Fart - Break Hotel '' is the ninth episode of the seventh season of American Dad!.
Atlantis Found is a 1999 novel by Clive Cussler , the fifteenth book in the Dirk Pitt series .
The Tritonian Ring is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Pusadian series .
On this account alone , their entrance into the room was obstructed by some of the male members of the congregation , including Sydney Hodgson , until the conclusion of the Mass ; these gentlemen then surrendered themselves .
The 1961 Scotch Cup , the men 's world curling championship , was held in four venues :
Empress Xiaodexian ( 12 April 1831 -- 24 January 1850 ) was the first consort of the Xianfeng Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Střezislava ( died 987 ) was the wife of Slavník , a Bohemian nobleman and founder of Slavník dynasty .
Meritaten also spelled Merytaten or Meryetaten ( 14th century BC ) was an ancient Egyptian queen of the Eighteenth dynasty , who held the position of Great Royal Wife to Pharaoh Smenkhkare , who may have been a brother or son of Akhenaten .
Manwë was the King of the Valar , husband of Varda Elentári , was conceived in the thought of Iluvatar as a brother of Melkor , and King of Arda .
Na Ying had a relationship with Chinese footballer Gao Feng and a son by him , but they separated in 2005 .
Eudokia Angelina ( or Eudocia Angelina ) ( Greek : Ευδοκία Αγγελίνα , Serbian : Evdokija Anđel ; died c. 1211 , or later ) was the consort of Stefan the First - Crowned of Serbia from 1196 to 1198 .
Runje Shaw was married to actress Chen Yumei , who became Tianyi 's number one star after Hu Die defected to rival Mingxing Studio in 1928 .
Mary Willing Byrd ( September 10 , 1740 -- March 1814 ) was the second wife of Colonel William Byrd III , a Colonial American military officer at the time of the American Revolution and son of the founder of Richmond , Virginia .
Muhammad ibn al - Hanafiyyah was Ali 's son from another wife from Hanifa clan of central Arabia named Khawlah bint Ja'far .
Queen Meresankh III was the daughter of Kawab and Hetepheres II and thus a niece of Khafra .
Virginia Eliza Clemm Poe ( née Clemm ; August 15 , 1822 -- January 30 , 1847 ) was the wife of American writer Edgar Allan Poe .
Raja Chaudhary played a villain in the Bhojpuri film Saiyyan Hamar Hindustani opposite Shweta Tiwari .
Ndvungunye was married to Lojiba Simelane and Somnjalose Simelane .
Ma Xisheng 's suspicions were aroused , particularly since his wife Lady Yang 's relative Yang Zhaosui ( 楊昭遂 ) had ambitions of replacing Gao Yu , and therefore often spoke negatively of Gao to him .
Sylviane Agacinski - Jospin ( born 4 May 1945 ) is a Polish - French philosopher , feminist , author , professor at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales ( EHESS ) , and wife of Lionel Jospin , former Prime Minister of France .
In 1458 Uzun Hassan married Theodora Megale Komnene , the daughter of Emperor John IV of Trebizond , better known in histories as Despina Khatun .
Pierantonio Stiattesi was the husband of Artemisia Gentileschi .
On 23 December 2011 , Alla Pugacheva and Maxim Galkin married .
Kujava Radinović was the second wife of King Stephen Ostoja of Bosnia and as such she was Queen of Bosnia from 1399 to 1404 and again from 1409 to 1415 .
Elisabet Juliana Banér ( née of Erbach ; 22 January 1600 - 29 May 1640 ) , was a German noble , married to the Swedish Field Marshal Johan Banér in 1636 .
Lady of Neuville ( French : Madame de Neuville - en - Artois ) ( died 1228 ) was the Empress consort of Robert of Courtenay , Latin Emperor of Constantinople .
Diane Hegarty ( born July 10 , 1942 ) is co - founder of the Church of Satan , which she co - founded with her longtime partner Anton LaVey .
Between 1961 and 1974 Ronald Paris was married to the photographer Helga Paris .
Mercedes Hortensia Bussi Soto de Allende ( 22 July 1914 -- 18 June 2009 ) was the wife of Chilean President Salvador Allende .
Anastasia Romanovna Zakharyina - Yurieva ( 1530 -- 7 August 1560 ) was the first wife of the Russian Tsar Ivan the Terrible and the first Russian tsaritsa .
On February 28 , 2007 , David Eddings ' wife , Leigh Eddings ( born Judith Leigh Schall ) , whom he married in 1962 , died following a series of strokes .
Princess Marie Adélaïde of Savoy ( 6 December 1685 -- 12 February 1712 ) was the wife of Louis , Dauphin of France , Duke of Burgundy .
Maud de Badlesmere , Countess of Oxford ( 1310 -- May 1366 ) was an English noblewoman , and the wife of John de Vere , 7th Earl of Oxford .
Alexander Gradsky has been married four times , including to actress Anastasiya Vertinskaya in the 1970s , after her divorce from Nikita Mikhalkov .
Marie Danse or Marie Destrée - Danse ( 1867 -- 1942 ) was a Belgian painter - etcher and the wife of the art historian and politician Jules Destrée .
She was known as Daphne du Maurier from 1907 to 1932 when she became Mrs Frederick Browning while still writing as Daphne du Maurier ( 1932 - -46 ) .
Janette Howard ( née Parker ; born 11 August 1944 ) is the wife of John Howard , who was the 25th Prime Minister of Australia from 11 March 1996 to 3 December 2007 and the second longest serving Australian Prime Minister .
Barbara Orbison ( 10 January 1950 -- 6 December 2011 ) was a German - born United States - based entrepreneur , music producer / publisher , and the widow of American musician Roy Orbison .
Isaac Roberts married Dorothea Klumpke , who was nearly 30 years his junior , in 1901 .
From 1960 - 1985 Roger Payne was married to noted elephant researcher Katharine Payne , who performed similar research on the vocalizations of elephants ( and Humpbacks ) .
She was credited as `` Ellen McRae '' until 1967 , when she and her then - husband Neil Nephew both changed their surname to `` Burstyn '' and she began to be credited as `` Ellen Burstyn '' .
Meanwhile , around this time , Gao Wei had become less attracted to Empress Mu , instead becoming more infatuated with Empress Mu 's servant girl Feng Xiaolian , making her an imperial consort .
Archduchess Maria Leopoldine of Austria - Este ( December 10 , 1776 -- June 23 , 1848 ) was the second wife of Charles Theodore , Elector of Bavaria .
Liu Rushi ( Chinese : 柳如是 ; pinyin : Liú Rúshì ; Wade -- Giles : Liu Ju - shih ; 1618 - -1664 ) , also known as Liu Shi , Liu Yin and Yang Yin , was a Chinese courtesan and poet in the late Ming dynasty who married Qian Qianyi at the age of 25 .
Adopting the stage name June Caprice , she made sixteen films for Fox , half of which were directed by Harry F. Millarde .
She was regarded as the `` Forgotten revolutionary female '' and `` The first revolution partner '' of Sun Yat - sen . Before marrying Soong Ching - ling , Sun Yat - sen had a 20 year - relationship with Chen Cuifen .
In Homer 's Odyssey , Penelope ( /pəˈnɛləpiː/ pə - NEL - ə - pee ; Greek : Πηνελόπεια , Pēnelópeia , or Πηνελόπη , Pēnelópē ) is the intelligent and faithful wife of Odysseus , who keeps her suitors at bay in his long absence and is eventually reunited with him .
Elizabeth Hadley Richardson ( November 9 , 1891 -- January 22 , 1979 ) was the first wife of American author Ernest Hemingway .
Beatrice Lascaris di Tenda or Beatrice de Tende or Beatrix ( c. 1372 -- 1418 ) , was an Italian noblewoman who was the wife of Facino Cane , Count of Biandrate and a condottiero , and then wife to Filippo Maria Visconti , Duke of Milan , who caused her tragic death .
Bernard Kay was married to Patricia Haines ( first wife of Michael Caine ) from 1963 until her death from cancer in 1977 .
Samira Shahbandar was Saddam Hussein 's second wife .
Anne Sophie Reventlow ( Danish : Anna Sophie ; 16 April 1693 -- 7 January 1743 ) was Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1721 to 1730 as the second wife of Frederick IV of Denmark and Norway .
Christina Rau ( born Christina Delius on 30 October 1956 in Bielefeld ) is the widow of the late Johannes Rau , the President of Germany .
Cheryl Maas is married to Norwegian former snowboarder Stine Brun Kjeldaas .
Born Mary Onyali , by the time of the 2000 Olympics she was known as Mary Onyali - Omagbemi , having married fellow Nigerian sprinter Victor Omagbemi .
In 1939 , Bodil Schmidt - Nielsen married Knut Schmidt - Nielsen , a fellow physiologist , and received doctoral degrees in Dentistry , Odontology , and Physiology from the University of Copenhagen .
In order to promote their image and media - portrayal overseas , Bashar al - Assad and his wife Asma al - Assad hired American and United Kingdom - based PR firms and consultants .
Kirsten Munk ( sometimes `` Christina Munk '' ; 6 July 1598 -- 19 April 1658 ) was a Danish noble , the second spouse of King Christian IV of Denmark , and mother to twelve of his children .
Profiles in Entertainment ( 1980 ISBN 0 - 671 - 25012 - 4 ) Kathleen Tynan ( ed . ) Kenneth Tynan :
He co - founded HB Studio ( the Herbert Berghof Studio ) in New York City with his wife Uta Hagen in 1945 .
Esther Johnson ( March 18 , 1681 -- January 28 , 1728 ) was the English friend of Jonathan Swift , known as `` Stella '' .
Princess Phra Nang Chao Suvadhana ( Thai : สุวัทนา ; rtgs : Suwatthana , 15 April 1906 -- 10 October 1985 ) was the royal consort of King Vajiravudh ( or Rama VI ) of Siam .
Eugenia Livanos ( Greek : Ευγενία Λιβανού ; 1927 -- 4 May 1970 ) was the third wife of Stavros Niarchos .
In July 2008 , Michele Hicks married British actor Jonny Lee Miller in Malibu , California .
Fredrikke Marie Qvam ( 31 May 1843 -- 10 September 1938 ) was a Norwegian humanitarian leader , feminist and the wife of Prime Minister Ole Anton Qvam .
Eudokia Komnene ( or Eudocia Comnena ) ( Greek : Εὐδοκία Κομνηνή , Eudokia Komnēnē ) ( c. 1160 -- c. 1203 ) was a grand - niece of Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos , and wife of William VIII of Montpellier .
Stella Farentino ( born February 16 , 1962 ) is the fourth wife of actor James Farentino and she went on to become an actress herself .
Victoria Lorna Aluquin - Fernandez , better known by her stage name Lorna Tolentino , sometimes known as L.T. , an abbreviation of her screen name ( born December 23 , 1961 ) , is a Filipina actress , host , executive producer and widow of actor Rudy Fernandez .
Maria Isabel of Portugal ( Maria Isabel Francisca ; 19 May 1797 -- 26 December 1818 ) was an Infanta of Portugal who became the Queen of Spain as the second wife of Ferdinand VII of Spain .
Anna Porphyrogenita ( Greek : Άννα Πορφυρογέννητη , Russian : Анна Византийская , Ukrainian : Анна Порфірогенета ; 13 March 963 -- 1011 ) was a Grand Princess consort of Kiev ; she was married to Grand Prince Vladimir the Great .
So in March 313 Licinius married Flavia Julia Constantia , half - sister of Constantine I , at Mediolanum ( now Milan ) ; they had a son , Licinius the Younger , in 315 .
Teodora Matejko ( Matejkowa ) née Giebułtowska ( 1846 -- 25 August 1896 in Kraków ) , was the wife of Poland 's national painter Jan Matejko ; daughter of Antoni Giebułtowski and Paulina Sikorska .
Mollisonia is a genus of epifaunal detritivorous arthropod known from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale .
Hieracium argutum is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name southern hawkweed .
Lepisanthes is a genus of 24 or 25 species of trees or shrubs native to tropical Africa , south and southeast Asia , Australia , and Madagascar .
Nama rothrockii is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Rothrock 's fiddleleaf .
Pandorea doratoxylon , commonly known as western wonga vine , is a species of woody vine in the family Bignoniaceae .
Watsonieae is the second largest tribe in the Ixioideae subfamily ( which is included in the Iridaceae family ) and named after the best - known genus in it --
Sarcodon rimosus , commonly known as the cracked hydnum , is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae .
Wrightoporia lenta is a species of fungus in the family Bondarzewiaceae .
Lithoglyphus naticoides , common name the `` gravel snail '' , is a species of small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae .
Rhododendron irroratum ( 露珠杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to northern Vietnam and western Guizhou , southwestern Sichuan , and northern and southeastern Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 1700 - -3500 meters .
Freopsis leucostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Freopsis .
Cochlespira kuroharai is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae , the turrids .
Phalacronotus is a genus of sheatfishes native to Asia
Anomiopus bonariensis is a species of true dung beetle that can be found in Argentina , Brazil ( Minas Gerais ) and Uruguay .
Oryctocephalus indicus is a species of corynexochid trilobite from the Cambrian .
Callionymus kotthausi is a species of dragonet found only in the Indian Ocean off India where it occurs at depths of from 138 to 211 metres ( 453 to 692 ft ) .
Hesperevax sparsiflora is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name erect dwarf cudweed .
The Maltese freshwater crab ( Qabru ) is a subspecies of freshwater crab , endemic to certain areas within the Maltese Islands .
Isocoma coronopifolia , the common goldenbush , is a North American plant species in the sunflower family .
Helianthus occidentalis ( fewleaf sunflower or western sunflower ) is a species of sunflower native to the eastern and central United States .
Chaetonectrioides is a fungal genus in the Ascomycota .
Podococcus is a genus of palms found in tropical Africa .
Gymnosoma philippinense is an Asian and Australasian species of fly in the family Tachinidae .
Solanum caripense is a species of evergreen shrub native to South America and grown for its edible fruit .
Porites porites , commonly known as hump coral or finger coral , is a species of stony coral in the genus Porites .
Streptomyces diastatochromogenes is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces .
Helianthus ambiguus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name ambiguous sunflower .
Lepidammodytes macrophthalmus is a species of sand lance endemic to the Pacific Ocean waters around Hawaii .
Orchis quadripunctata , the Four - spotted Orchis , is a species of orchid found from southern Italy to the eastern Mediterranean .
Callitris roei ( Roe 's Cypress - pine ) is a species of Callitris native to Australia , where it is endemic to southwestern Western Australia from Moora south to Albany and east to Cape Arid National Park .
Deconica angustispora is a mushroom that was discovered in the late 1930s and formally described by A.H. Smith in 1946 as a species of Psilocybe .
Phosphuga is a genus of carrion beetles
Angelica atropurpurea , known commonly as purplestem angelica , great angelica , American angelica , high angelica , and masterwort , is a species of flowering plant that can be found in moist and swampy woodlands , mostly by riverbanks , in eastern North America .
Diorhabda elongata is a species of leaf beetle known as the Mediterranean tamarisk beetle ( MTB ) which feeds on tamarisk trees from Portugal and Algeria east to southern Russia .
Arsissa transvaalica is a species of snout moth in the genus Arsissa .
Modelia granosa , common name the southern cat 's eye , is a medium to large species of sea snail which has a shell with a pearly interior and a calcareous operculum .
Liparis nervosa is a species of orchid found in the Tropics of Asia , Africa and America .
Isoperla carbonaria is a species of stonefly in the family Perlodidae .
Heliothis nubila is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family , described by Hampson in 1903 .
Citrus myrtifolia , the myrtle - leaved orange tree , is a species of Citrus with foliage similar to that of the common myrtle .
Arcinella cornuta , or the spiny jewel box clam , is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae .
Phobaeticus chani or Chan 's megastick is a species of stick insect .
Margaretbarromyces is an extinct monotypic genus of pleosporale fungus of uncertain family placement .
Benthosema glaciale , or glacier lantern fish , is the most common species of lanternfish and important part of the midwater ecosystem of northern North Atlantic .
Psococerastis gibbosa is a species of Psocoptera from the Psocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland .
Malapterurus stiassnyae is a species of electric catfish native to Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone .
Maorichiton schauinslandi is a species of chiton in the family Mopaliidae .
Stizus fasciatus is a species of sand wasps belonging to the family Crabronidae .
Athous sosybius is a species of click beetle ( family Elateridae ) which is endemic to Dagestan .
Chaetodipus is a genus of pocket mouse containing 17 species endemic to the United States and Mexico .
Penicillium dendriticum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces Secalonic acid D and Secalonic acid F.
Archaeomarasmius is an extinct genus of gilled fungus in the Agaricales family Tricholomataceae , containing the single species Archaeomarasmius leggetti .
Selligueeae is a tribe of polypod ferns in the family Polypodiaceae .
Impatiens halongensis is a species of the family Balsaminaceae native to Vietnam .
Gilia nevinii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Nevin 's gilia .
Rhynchobdellida , the jawless leeches , are classified as an order of the Hirudinea .
Lunaria annua , called honesty or annual honesty in English , is a species of flowering plant native to the Balkans and south west Asia , and naturalized throughout the temperate world .
Ebalia tumefacta , sometimes called Bryer 's nut crab , is a species of crab in the family Leucosiidae .
The Projapygidae are a family of hexapods in the order Diplura .
Afrocominella capensis , common name the elongate whelk , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae .
Sepiola atlantica , also known as the Atlantic bobtail , is a species of bobtail squid native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean ( 65ºN to 35ºN ) , from Iceland , the Faroe Islands and western Norway to the Moroccan coast .
Phlegethontiidae is a family of aistopod amphibians including the genera Phlegethontia and Sillerpeton .
Allophylus chartaceus ( Kurz ) Radlkofer is a plant species in the family Sapindaceae .
Blitum californicum ( Syn . Chenopodium californicum ) is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names California Goosefoot and ( ambiguously ) `` Indian lettuce '' .
Danaphryne nigrifilis is a species of dreamer widespread in the temperate to tropical regions of the oceans where it is found at depths of around 850 metres ( 2,790 ft ) .
Ericameria greenei is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name Greene 's goldenbush .
Streblote diluta is a species of moth in the family Lasiocampidae .
Nephrotoma scurra is a species of crane fly found in most of Europe and northern parts of Asia .
Robust capuchin monkeys are capuchin monkeys in the genus Sapajus .
Coptotermes lacteus , the milk termite , is a species of termite in the family Rhinotermitidae , native to Australia .
Dactylorhiza praetermissa , the southern marsh orchid or leopard marsh orchid , is a commonly occurring species of European orchid .
Dalrympelea stipulacea is a species of plant in the Staphyleaceae family .
Sardinella neglecta ( East African sardinella ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Sardinella from the Indian Ocean , from the east coast of Africa .
The family Corydalidae contains the megalopterous insects known as dobsonflies and fishflies .
Pterostylis nutans , commonly known as the Nodding Greenhood or the Parrot 's Beak Orchid , is an orchid species native to Australia and New Zealand .
Rhododendron hancockii ( 滇南杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to Guangxi and Yunnan , China , where it grows at altitudes of 1100 - -2000 meters .
Maliarpha separatella , the African white stemborer , is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae .
Trupanea stellata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trupanea of the family Tephritidae .
Leptopeza is a genus of hybotid flies .
Dipodium bicallosum is an orchid species that is native to Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra in Indonesia .
Conasprella kitteredgei is a species of fossil sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Dysphania multifida is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common names cutleaf goosefoot and scented gooosefoot .
Procambarus pogum , the bearded crayfish or bearded red crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Paratypothorax is an extinct genus of aetosaur , known by one species , Paratypothorax andressi .
Penstemon rhizomatosus is a rare species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names Scheel Creek beardtongue and rhizome beardtongue .
Cyperus lupulinus , the Great Plains Flatsedge , is a plant species native to North America .
Aeolidiella albopunctata is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch in the family Aeolidiidae .
Masdevallia rolfeana is a species of orchid endemic to Costa Rica .
Shorea stenoptera , called the Light Red Meranti , is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family .
Dinoseris is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , containing the single species Dinoseris salicifolia .
Himacerus mirmicoides is a species of damsel bugs belonging to the family Nabidae , subfamily Nabinae .
Cordia obliqua , the clammy cherry , is a flowering plant species in the genus Cordia .
Chionoecetes bairdi is a species of crab known alternatively as bairdi crab and tanner crab .
Common Supple Skink , Lankascincus fallax , also known as Peter 's Lanka Skink , is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Paratoxodera pluto is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia and Sumatra .
Glaucus atlanticus ( common names include the sea swallow , blue angel , blue glaucus , blue dragon , blue sea slug and blue ocean slug ) is a species of small , blue sea slug , a pelagic aeolid nudibranch , a shell - less gastropod mollusk in the family Glaucidae .
Hyporhamphus is a genus of halfbeaks .
Symphyletes nodosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Symphyletes .
Trifolium thompsonii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Thompson 's clover .
Procottus major is one of the four recognized species of the deepwater sculpin fish genus Procottus , endemic to Lake Baikal , Siberia .
The Anthomyiidae are a large and diverse family of Muscoidea flies .
Labidesthes is a genus of Neotropical silverside found in Gulf of Mexico drainages ( including the Brazos River , Mississippi River , Neches River , Pearl River ) , east around the southern tip of peninsular Florida and north to the Pee Dee River drainage and the Great Lakes ( excluding Lake Superior)- St - Lawrence River drainages .
Arctotis venusta is a species of South African plants in the daisy family .
Contarinia quinquenotata is a small midge which infests the flower buds of Hemerocallis species causing the flower to remain closed and rot .
Viburnum carlesii ( common names arrowwood , Koreanspice viburnum ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Adoxaceae ( formerly Caprifoliaceae ) , native to Korea and Japan ( Tsushima Island ) .
Helix aperta , also known as Cantareus apertus , and commonly known as the green garden snail , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Megacephala morsii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Fairmaire in 1882 .
Thylacinus potens ( `` powerful pouch '' ) was the largest species of the family Thylacinidae , originally known from a single poorly preserved fossil discovered by Michael O. Woodburne in 1967 in a Late Miocene locality near Alice Springs , Northern Territory .
Hypocosmia definitalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypocosmia .
Glena plumosaria , the dainty gray moth or plumose gray moth , is a species of moth in the family Geometridae .
Ceanothus tomentosus , with the common name woollyleaf ceanothus , is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae .
The Red Column Cymbidium ( Cymbidium erythrostylum ) is a species of orchid .
Allocota bicolor is a species of ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Asian countries as China , Laos , Thailand and Viet Nam .
The Sierra Tontal tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys tulduco ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Colchicum laetum is a species of Colchicum found in south east Russia through to the Caucasus .
Sinotherium ( `` Chinese Beast '' ) was a genus of single - horned rhinoceri of the late Miocene and Pliocene .
Micreumenes is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with 30 described species .
Mycosphaerella is a genus of ascomycota .
Symphoricarpos occidentalis , commonly called western snowberry or wolfberry , is a woody species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family .
Similocorus negrosensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Similocorus .
Nematolepis squamea , commonly known as Satinwood , is a shrub or small tree species which is endemic to Australia .
Pikaihao bartlei , also referred to as Bartle 's Bittern or the Saint Bathans bittern , is a genus and species of prehistoric small bittern from the Early Miocene of New Zealand .
Protatlanta rotundata is an extinct species of sea snail , a holoplanktonic marine gastropod mollusk in the family Atlantidae .
Celmisia tomentella is a species of perennial herb in the family Asteraceae .
Prosartes maculata is a North American species of plants in the lily family with the common names yellow mandarin , spotted mandarin or nodding mandarin .
Hippeutis complanatus , or the flat ram's - horn snail , is a species of minute air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Astelia waialealae is a rare species of plant in the Asteliaceae family that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi of the state of Hawaii in United States .
Coreopsis pubescens , called Star tickseed , is a North American species of tickseeds in the sunflower family .
Cistus ladanifer is a species of flowering plant in the family Cistaceae .
Schoenocaulon is a North American genus of perennial herbaceous flowering plants , ranging from the southern United States to Peru .
Myleus is a genus of serrasalmids from South America , where found in the Amazon , Orinoco , São Francisco and Paraguay--
Udea is a genus of moths of the family Crambidae .
Typhochlaena paschoali is a species of tarantula ( family Theraphosidae ) , in the subfamily Aviculariinae .
Aecidium narcissi is a species of fungus in the Pucciniales order , causing rust in daffodils ( Narcissus ) and various wild Orchidaceae .
Emblanda emblematica is a species of sea snail , a marine aquatic operculate gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha .
Bawitius is an extinct genus of giant polypterid from the Upper Cretaceous ( lower Cenomanian ) Bahariya Formation of Egypt .
The Lotidae are a family of cod - like fishes commonly known as lings or rocklings .
Rhaphidospora cavernarum is a plant species in the family Acanthaceae .
Callitriche christensenii is a species of plant in the Callitrichaceae family .
Pseudoboa neuwiedii , commonly known as the ratonel , is a species of snake endemic to northern South America .
Calvatia cyathiformis , or Purple - spored Puffball , is a large edible saprobic species of Calvatia .
Phrynobatrachus manengoubensis is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family .
Eulecanium cerasorum , the calico scale , is species of scale insect .
One variety of the species is Viburnum nudum var . cassinoides ; synonyms for this variety Viburnum nitidum Aiton , Viburnum cassinoides , Viburnum cassinoides var . harbisonii , Viburnum cassinoides var . nitidum , and Viburnum nitidum .
Papaver rupifragum var . atlanticum , the Moroccan poppy or Spanish poppy , also known as Papaver atlanticum , the Atlas poppy , is variety of Papaver rupifragum , a species of poppy .
Murupi linearis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Murupi .
Theridiosoma gemmosum is a species of spider in the family Theridiosomatidae , known as ray spiders .
Nebria tristicula is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Georgia and Russia , in Yatyrgvart mountains .
Mongoose is the popular English name for 29 of 34 species in the 14 genera of the family Herpestidae , which are small carnivorans that are native to southern Eurasia and mainland Africa .
Olsynium junceum is a species of the iris family , native to South America ( Bolivia , Peru , Argentina , Chile ) .
Anania hortulata , the small magpie , is a species of moth of the family Crambidae .
Megarhyssa greenei is a species of large ichneumon wasp .
Succinea sanctaehelenae is a species of land snail in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .
It was described by Amsel in 1953 , and contains the species Macropyralis gigantalis .
Conus aulicus , common name the princely cone , is a species of a predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Erigeron filifolius is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names thread - leaf fleabane .
Allium tolmiei is a plant species native to Idaho , eastern and central Oregon , southeastern Washington , northwestern Nevada and northeastern California .
Spilocuscus is a genus of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae .
Dubautia plantaginea is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name plantainleaf dubautia .
Leucauge celebesiana , commonly called the black - striped orchard spider , is a species of spider belonging to the family Tetragnathidae .
Juniperus occidentalis usually occurs on dry , rocky sites where there is less competition from larger species like ponderosa pine and coast Douglas - fir .
Ebrachosaurus is an extinct genus of aetosaur .
Lethrinops lunaris is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in shallow waters with sandy substrates .
Zobellia galactanovorans is a marine species of Flavobacteriaceae first isolated from a red alga .
Strigocuscus is a marsupial genus in the family Phalangeridae .
Baileya pauciradiata is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family which is known by the common names laxflower and Colorado desert marigold .
Salix geyeriana is a species of willow known by the common names Geyer 's willow , Geyer willow and silver willow .
Testudina is a genus of fungi in the family Testudinaceae .
Drymobius melanotropis , commonly known as the black forest racer , is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Central America .
Hypomasticus is a genus of headstander native to tropical South America .
Panopinae is a subfamily of small - headed fly .
Pholidosauridae is an extinct family of aquatic neosuchian mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorphs .
Oneirophanta mutabilis is a species of sea cucumber in the family Deimatidae .
Nicanthes rhodoclea is a moth of the Agonoxenidae family and only species in the Nicanthes genus .
Cylindera apiata is a species of ground beetle of the subfamily Cicindelinae .
Metriocheila nigricollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Metriocheila .
Polemonium pectinatum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Washington Jacob's - ladder and Washington polemonium .
Eotriceratops ( meaning `` dawn three horned face '' ) is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaurs which lived in the area of North America during the late Cretaceous period .
Acropora granulosa is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern and southwest Indian Ocean , the Red Sea , Australia , the East China Sea , Japan , the oceanic central and western Pacific Ocean , and the central Indo - Pacific .
Enneapogon is a cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family .
Peckoltia vittata is a species of catfish belonging to the subfamily Hypostominae of the Loricariidae family of catfish . This species possesses the L - number L015
Pseudanophthalmus is a genus of cave beetle .
Mycobacterium gordonae is a species of Mycobacterium named for Ruth E. Gordon .
Carabus maurus osculatii is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family , that is endemic to Iran .
Conus kermadecensis , common name the Kermadec cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
The first westerner to describe this species was Gerhard Walpers who named it Lepidium meyenii in 1843 .
Amethysa macquarti is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Amethysa of the family Ulidiidae .
Dendropsophus acreanus ( common name : Acre treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Pyracantha coccinea , the scarlet firethorn is the European species of firethorn that has been cultivated in gardens since the late 16th century .
Gobiconodon is an extinct genus of carnivorous mammal from the early Cretaceous .
Arca noae or the Noah 's Ark shell is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Arcidae .
Enneanectes reticulatus , known commonly as the Network triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny .
Operculina is a genus member of the morning - glory family of plants which contains 15 species that are located throughout the world .
Lonchophylla inexpectata is a species of leaf - nosed bat found in Brazil .
Averrhoa carambola is a species of woody plant in the family Oxalidaceae ; it has a number of common names including carambola and starfruit .
Tachina breviventris is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Brazil .
Conus madecassinus is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Phaonia atriceps is a species of fly which is widely distribution across the Palaearctic .
Astragalus proximus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Aztec milkvetch .
Sigapatella novaezelandiae , common name the circular slipper limpet , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod molluscs in the family Calyptraeidae .
Asperspina is a genus of sea slugs , marine gastropod mollusks within the clade Acochlidiacea .
Calmidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs with only one genus and two species .
Eugnathichthys is a genus of distichodontid fishes found in the Congo basin .
The Tibetan red deer ( Cervus canadensis wallichi ) also known as shou is a subspecies of Wapiti that is native to the southern Tibetan highlands and Bhutan .
Glipa matsukai is a species of beetle in the Glipa genus .
Notylia pentachne is a species of orchid that native to Honduras , Panama , Colombia and Venezuela .
Cymopterus davisii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Davis ' springparsley .
Pristimantis gladiator ( common name : Papallacta Valley robber frog ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Delapparentia is a genus of iguanodont dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous period of Galve , Teruel Province , Spain .
Calliostoma carcellesi , common name Carcelle 's top shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae .
Tricuspidalestes caeruleus is a species of African tetra endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Thelypodium integrifolium is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names entireleaved thelypody and foxtail thelypodium .
Caryocar nuciferum , the butter - nut of Guiana , is also known as pekea - nut , or -- like all other species of Caryocar with edible nuts -- `` souari - nut '' or `` sawarri - nut '' .
Erythronium americanum ( Trout lily , Yellow trout lily , Yellow dogtooth violet ) is a species of perennial spring ephemeral flower native to North America and dwelling in woodland habitats .
Listracanthus is a genus of extinct holocephalid closely related to Edestus .
Rhinogobius duospilus is a species of goby native to China and Vietnam where they can be found in fresh or brackish waters .
Frasera neglecta ( syn . Swertia neglecta ) is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common name pine green gentian .
Trichomycterus chungaraensis is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Chile , where it is found in the streams around Lake Chungará .
Takydromus haughtonianus , commonly known as the Goalpara grass lizard , is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to India .
Ophidiaster granifer , the grained seastar , is a species of starfish in the family Ophidiasteridae .
Antanambia nigricans is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Antanambia .
Olearia erubescens , commonly known as Moth Daisy - bush or Pink - tip Daisy - bush , is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
It is the only species in genus Vitellaria , and is indigenous to Africa .
Fomes fomentarius ( commonly known as the tinder fungus , false tinder fungus , hoof fungus , tinder conk , tinder polypore or ice man fungus ) is a species of fungal plant pathogen found in Europe , Asia , Africa and North America .
Asarum marmoratum is a species of wild ginger known by the common name marbled wild ginger .
Melica altissima , commonly known as Siberian melic grass , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that was introduced to Ontario , Oklahoma and New York .
Azospirillum halopraeferens is a species of nitrogen - fixing bacteria associated with the roots of Leptochloa fusca and black mangrove .
Galium antarcticum , commonly known as Antarctic bedstraw or subantarctic bedstraw , is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family .
Rhinosimus is a genus of narrow - waisted bark beetles , usually recognized by the long rostrum on the head of an adult beetle .
In the fossil record , pollen has been found which seems to be related to the living Lactoris species .
Archaeopsittacus is a genus of prehistoric parrot .
Agrostis oregonensis is a species of grass known by the common name Oregon bent grass .
Cycadeoidaceae is a family of bennettitalean plant which flourished in the Mesozoic era .
Haplosciadium abyssinicum is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae ( Umbelliferae ) family ; it is the only member of its genus .
Shirakiopsis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1999 .
Eudactylina corrugata is a species of parasitic copepod found on the little skate ( Leucoraja erinacea ) and the thorny skate ( Amblyraja radiata ) that is only known from St. Andrews , New Brunswick and Woods Hole , Massachusetts .
Inermocoelotes brevispinus is a funnel - web spider species found in Bulgaria .
Peltops is a genus of bird in the family Artamidae .
Megalagrion leptodemas is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii .
Dieteria is a North American genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family .
Umbilicaria vellea is a species of lichen in the genus Umbilicaria .
Elbretornis is an extinct genus of enantiornithine which existed in what is now Salta Province , Argentina during the late Cretaceous period .
Phyllomenia is a genus of sterrofustian solenogasters , shell - less , worm - like , marine mollusks .
Aconitum columbianum is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Columbian monkshood or western monkshood .
Irpex destruens is a species of fungus in the family Meruliaceae .
Gerrardina is a genus of two species of trees , shrubs , and scrambling shrubs found in southeastern Africa .
Alopecurus setarioides is a species of foxtail grass that is found in France , Greece , Italy and Turkey .
Distorsio reticularis , common name reticulate distorsio , is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae , the Distortio snails .
Carabus exiguus evae is a black - coloured subspecies of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily , that is endemic to Qinghai , China .
Phrynocephalus versicolor , the variegated toadhead agama , is a species of agamid lizard found in desert areas of China and Mongolia .
Fritillaria anhuiensis is a Chinese species of bulb - forming plants in the lily family .
The Trombidiformes are a large , diverse order of mites .
Eucrypta micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common name dainty desert hideseed .
Panellus stipticus , commonly known as the bitter oyster , the astringent panus , the luminescent panellus , or the stiptic fungus , is a species of fungus in the family Mycenaceae , and the type species of the genus Panellus .
Nichollsia is a genus of isopod crustaceans from India .
Sirex juvencus is a species of wasp found in Europe , Siberia , Sakhalin Island , Japan , the Philippines , Algeria , New Zealand , and several other countries .
Being very poorly known , the Bornean peacock - pheasant was long considered to be a subspecies of the Malayan peacock - pheasant , but the two species are well - isolated geographically .
Sarcolaena is a genus of flowering plants in the family Sarcolaenaceae .
Melica smithii , Smith 's melic grass is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in such Canadian provinces as Alberta , British Columbia , Quebec , Ontario , and the US states such as Idaho , Michigan , Montana , South Dakota , Washington , Wisconsin , and Wyoming .
Hedera maderensis , or Madeiran Ivy , is a species of Ivy ( genus Hedera ) which is native to the Atlantic coast in Madeira island .
Bassarodes siriaca is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family , and the only species in the genus Bassarodes .
Liaoxitriton is an extinct genus of prehistoric salamanders from the Mesozoic of China .
Pseudorthonychiidae is an extinct , monogeneric ( contains only one genus ) family of fossil snails , gastropod mollusks in the clade Cycloneritimorpha ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Calandrinia breweri is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Brewer 's redmaids .
Inglorius is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae , containing only one species , the Mediocre Skipper ( Inglorius mediocris ) .
Paradyemus nodicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Paradyemus .
Napeogenes tolosa , the Tolosa Tigerwing , is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family .
The Rhipsalideae are a small tribe of cacti , comprising four genera ( and around 60 species ) .
Gymnosteris is a small genus of flowering plants in the phlox family .
Clathrina intermedia is a sponge species of the genus Clathrina .
Geitodoris heathi , common name `` Heath 's dorid '' , is a species of colorful sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dorididae .
The Muli pika ( Ochotona muliensis ) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae .
Hemaris is a genus of sphinx moths in the subfamily Macroglossinae .
The Almirante Trail toad ( Incilius peripatetes ) is a species of toad endemic to Panama .
Chianghsia is an extinct genus of monstersaurian platynotan known from the Late Cretaceous deposits of the Nanxiong Formation , southern China .
Terebra pertusa , common name the perforated auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Argostemmateae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 215 species in 4 genera .
Dasia olivacea , the olive Dasia or olive tree skink , is a species of skink native to Southeast Asia .
Ixodes pacificus , the Western black - legged tick , is a species of Ixodes , a parasitic tick found on the western coast of North America .
Nanula tasmanica is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails
Hygrophila gracillima is a species of plant in the family Acanthaceae .
Sanicula bipinnata is a species of plant in the carrot family known by the common name poison sanicle .
Callinectes marginatus , known as the `` sharptooth swimcrab '' or `` marbled swimcrab '' , is a species of swimming crab in the genus Callinectes .
Lessoniaceae are a family of kelp .
Octopus chierchiae commonly known as the lesser Pacific striped octopus is a species of octopus .
Trachymetopon is an extinct genus of prehistoric coelacanth .
Conomurex fasciatus , common name the lined conch , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Berosus metalliceps is a species of hydrophilid beetle from the United States , Mexico , the Bahamas and Cuba .
Trophodiscus almus is a species of starfish in the family Astropectinidae .
Xyris torta , the slender yelloweyed grass , is a North American species of flowering plants in the yellow - eyed - grass family .
Zygia is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae .
Rimella fissurella is an extinct species of fossil sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Lasthenia coronaria is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name royal goldfields .
Centromadia parryi ( pappose tarweed ) is a species of North American plants in the tarweed tribe within the sunflower family .
Pseudomonas tolaasii is a species of Gram - negative soil bacteria that is the causal agent of bacterial blotch on cultivated mushrooms ( Agaricus bisporus ) .
Tomohammus strandi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Tomohammus .
Onykia ingens , the greater hooked squid , is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae .
The Luidia sarsi is a species of starfish .
Milnesium tardigradum is a cosmopolitan species of tardigrade that can be found in a diverse range of environments .
Descurainia torulosa is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Wyoming tansymustard and Wind River tansymustard .
Metaviridae are a family of viruses which exist as retrotransposons in a eukaryotic host 's genome .
Megachile rubi is a species of leaf cutting bee in the family Megachilidae , found in the eastern United States .
Tephrodornithidae is a family of birds that includes the genera Hemipus , Tephrodornis and Philentoma .
Lotus alpinus , common name alpine bird's - foot trefoil , is a species of legume in the family Fabaceae .
Beaked whales are the members of the family Ziphiidae , which consists of 22 species .
Chaenostoma cordatum , also known by the names bacopa or ornamental bacopa ( not to be confused with the genus Bacopa ) , is one of 52 species in the genus Chaenostoma ( Scrophulariaceae ) , and is best known in its cultivated forms .
Ichthyophaga is a genus of two species of eagles , closely related to the sea - eagles in the genus Haliaeetus .
Xylodromus sassuchini is a species of rove beetle in the Omaliinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia .
Altirhinus ( /ˌæltɨˈraɪnəs/ ; `` high snout '' ) is a genus of iguanodontian ornithopod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Period of Mongolia .
Hydrochorea is a legume genus in the subfamily Mimosoideae .
Stegastes leucostictus is a species of damselfish found near the sea bed in shallow waters on the western fringes of the Atlantic Ocean .
Nikkasaurus is an extinct genus of therapsid .
Rhododendron occidentale , the western azalea or California azalea , is one of two deciduous Rhododendron species native to western North America ( the other is Rhododendron albiflorum ) .
Russula laeta is a brittle gill species that was first described by Julius Schäffer in 1952 .
Vulpes skinneri is a species of extinct fox in the genus Vulpes of the early Pleistocene , identified based on fossil remains dated to about 2 million years ago .
Bensoniella is a monotypic genus of plants in the saxifrage family containing the single species Bensoniella oregona ( also , B. oregana ) , which is known by the common name Oregon bensoniella , or simply bensoniella .
Vanda bensonii is a species of orchid found from Assam to Thailand .
Plasmodium lucens is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Novyella Like all Plasmodium species P. lucens has both vertebrate and insect hosts .
Cymbiola cymbiola , common name the crown volute , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Kallidecthes is an extinct genus of crustacean .
Sawadaea tulasnei is a form of Powdery mildew is a species of fungus in the family Erysiphaceae .
Carex lyngbyei is a species of sedge known by the common name Lyngbye 's sedge .
Columella aspera is a species of very small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae , the vertigo snails .
Acentrogobius is a genus of gobies native to marine , fresh and brackish waters of the coasts of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Allopathes desbonni is a species of Coral of the genus Allopathes .
Polemon fulvicollis , or the African snake - eater , is a species of venomous rear - fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae .
Syritta pipiens is a very common species of European hover fly .
Micromelerpeton is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Micromelerpetontidae .
Perideridia lemmonii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Lemmon 's yampah and tuni .
Nanorana pleskei ( common names : Songpan slow frog , Pleske 's high altitude frog , plateau frog ) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family .
Atriplex bunburyana , commonly known as Silver Saltbush , is a species of saltbush endemic to Western Australia .
Sclerodactyla briareus , commonly known as the hairy sea cucumber , is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Sclerodactylidae .
Stalachtis euterpe is a species of butterfly of the Riodinidae family .
Ectopocynus ( `` strange dog '' ) is an extinct genus of small bone crushing carnivorous mammal similar to a dog of the family Canidae which inhabited North America during the Oligocene .
Gynatrix is a genus of dioecious flowering plants in the family Malvaceae , endemic to south - east Australia .
Synodus intermedius , the sand diver , is a species of fish in the lizardfish family , Synodontidae , a basal ray - finned fish in the class Actinopterygii .
Thrinax excelsa , commonly known as broad thatch , is a species of palm which is endemic to Jamaica .
Ampulex dementor is a species of cockroach wasp native to Thailand , described in 2014 by Michael Ohl of the Museum für Naturkunde in Berlin , Germany .
Ophioscincus is a genus of skink known to inhabit parts of Australia .
Lasioglossum semisculptum , also known as the Lasioglossum ( Ctenomia ) semisculptum , is a species of bees in the genus Lasioglossum , of the family Halictidae .
Buddleja thyrsoides is a lowland species endemic from southern Paraguay to the deltas of the Río de la Plata and Paraná River in Brazil , Argentina and Uruguay .
Pareuseboides albomarmoratus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Pareuseboides .
Eocystites was a genus of Cambrian stem - group echinoderm of Australia and Vermont .
Sulfuricurvum kujiense is a facultatively anaerobic , chemolithoautotrophic , sulfur - oxidizing bacterium , the type species of its genus .
Byrsonima crassifolia is a species of flowering plant in the acerola family , Malpighiaceae , that is native to tropical America .
Obruchevichthys is an extinct genus of tetrapod from Latvia during the Late Devonian .
Chilostoma ziegleri is a species of medium - sized , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae , the true snails .
Drosophila pseudoobscura is a species of fruit fly , used extensively in lab studies of speciation .
Berberis darwinii is a species of barberry in the family Berberidaceae , native to southern Chile and Argentina and naturalized elsewhere .
Nagia linteola is a species of moth in the Erebidae family , this species occurs in South Africa , Congo , Yemen , the Comoros , Mauritius , Madagascar , Indonesia ( Borneo ) , Thailand and in Australia , where it has been recorded from Western Australia , the Northern Territory , Queensland and Victoria .
Tabernaemontana cordata is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae family .
Micropterix anglica is an extinct species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Jarzembowski in 1980 .
Archaeornithomimus ( meaning `` ancient bird mimic '' ) is a genus of ornithomimosaurian theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of China , 70 million years ago .
The Latidae , known as the lates perches , are a family of perch - like fishes found in Africa , Asia and the Indian and western Pacific Oceans .
Paradoxides davidis is a species of trilobite of the Paradoxidae family .
Crusafontia is an extinct genus of Mesozoic mammal .
Pseudochondrostoma is a genus of cyprinid fish that occurs in the Iberian Peninsula .
Brachinus italicus is a species of ground beetle from the Brachininae subfamily that can be found in Italy and on the island of Sicily .
Procambarus econfinae , sometimes called the Panama City crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Hoburogekko is an extinct genus of gecko that includes a single species , Hoburogekko suchanovi , from the Early Cretaceous of Mongolia .
Dismegistus costalis is a species of true bugs belonging to the family Parastrachiidae .
Neolamprologus brevis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it lives in snail shells , primarily of the genus Neothauma .
Pachydactylus robertsi , commonly known as the large - scaled gecko , shielded thick - toed gecko , or Rauhschuppen - Dickfingergecko in German , is an African species of gecko .
Brucella is a genus of Gram - negative bacteria , named after David Bruce ( 1855 - 1931 ) .
Trachyglanis is a genus of loach catfishes from Africa .
Craspedochiton rubiginosus oliveri is a subspecies of chiton in the family Acanthochitonidae .
Lebia maraniana is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that is endemic to Spain .
Koshisaurus is a monospecific genus of basal hadrosauroid from the Kitadani Formation in Japan .
Nenga is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm endemic to Southeast Asia , commonly called pinang palm .
Stenotrema florida , common name the Apalachicola slitmouth , is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae .
Calamagrostis villosa is a species of flowering plant from the Poaceae family which is native to Europe .
The Ozark big - eared bat is the largest and reddest of the five subspecies of Corynorhinus townsendii and is medium - sized and weighs from 0.2 to 0.5 ounces .
Ground spiders ( family Gnaphosidae ) include nearly 2,000 described species in over 100 genera , distributed worldwide .
Halocarpus bidwillii ( Bog Pine or Mountain Pine ) is a species of conifer in the family Podocarpaceae .
Argyrochosma nivea is an Andean fern species in the genus Argyrochosma .
Catalepidia is a genus of a sole described species of medium - sized trees , constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae .
Joffrichthys is a genus of prehistoric bony fish .
Acrobasis palliolella , the mantled acrobasis moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis .
Timbellus phyllopterus , common name : the Leafy Winged Murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Rudolfiella aurantiaca is a species of orchid occurring from Trinidad to tropical South America .
Acacia stictophylla , also known as Dandenong Range cinnamon wattle , is a species of Acacia that is endemic to Victoria , Australia .
Hemerocallis hongdoensis , common name Hongdo Island day - lily or ( in Korean ) hongdo - wonch'uri , is a plant species native to a group of small islands in the Yellow Sea , off the southwest coast of South Korea .
Colobodesmus crucis is a species of millipede in the family Sphaeriodesmidae that is endemic to San Vito , Costa Rica , where it was first discovered on 17 - -18 April 1972 by Harold F. Loomis .
Conus thomae , common name St. Thomas cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Chrysanthia viridissima is a species of beetles belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Nacerdinae .
Cup orchids ( genus Brachionidium ) are a group of about 72 species of orchids , found throughout much of tropical America ( Central America , the West Indies , and South America as far south as Brazil and Bolivia ) .
Onchocerca is a genus of parasitic roundworm .
Physa fontinalis , common name the common bladder snail , is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae .
Rhododendron erosum ( 啮蚀杜鹃 ) is a rhododendron species native to eastern Bhutan , southern Tibet , and southern Xizang , China , where it grows at altitudes of 3000 - -3700 meters .
Campylobacter ( meaning `` curved bacteria '' ) is a genus of Gram - negative , microaerophilic , oxidase - positive , catalase - positive , nonfermentative bacteria .
Croton hancei Benth . , the Hong Kong croton , is a shrub or small tree , a species of Croton which is endemic to Tsing Yi Island , Hong Kong .
Hypericum cumulicola is a rare species of flowering plant in the St. John 's wort genus known by the common name highlands scrub hypericum , or highlands scrub St. John 's wort .
The Pettalidae are a family of harvestmen with 52 described species and subspecies in eleven genera .
Pogogyne is a small genus of flowering plants in the mint family known generally as mesamints or mesa mints .
Oecomys rutilus , also known as the reddish oecomys or red arboreal rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae .
Pseudocoris is a genus of wrasses native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean .
Oligodon pseudotaeniatus , commonly known as the false striped kukri snake , is a species of colubrid snake .
Artocarpus integer , commonly known as cempedak ( pronounced `` chem - pe - dak '' ) , is a species of tree in the family Moraceae , and in the same genus as breadfruit and jackfruit .
Dorcadiopsis planipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Dorcadiopsis .
Oxalis incarnata is a species of flowering plant in the woodsorrel family known by the common names pale pink - sorrel and crimson woodsorrel .
Alopecosa reimoseri is a wolf spider species in the genus Alopecosa found in Hungary .
Tropidothorax leucopterus is a species of ground bugs belonging to the family Lygaeidae , subfamily Lygaeinae .
Zealanapis australis is a spider species in the genus Zealanapis found in New Zealand .
Entemnotrochus adansonianus , common name Adanson 's slit shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae .
Wallenia is a genus of plant in the family Primulaceae .
Platycheirus rosarum is a species of hoverfly found in many parts of Britain and Europe .
The Bornean black magpie is a distinctive subspecies of the black magpie which is sometimes considered a full species , Platysmurus aterrimus .
Ozoroa namaquensis ( Gariep resin tree , Afrikaans : Gariep - harpuisboom ) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family .
Cryptoplax iredalei , the Iredale 's fleshy - chiton , is a species of chiton in the cryptoplax genus .
Gagea alberti is an Asian species of plants in the lily family , native to Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan and Xinjiang Province of western China .
Gastrotheca fissipes ( common name : Igaracu marsupial frog ) is a frog species in the frog family Hemiphractidae .
Curetis dentata , the toothed sunbeam , is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia .
Talaromyces atroroseus is a species of fungus described as new to science in 2013 .
Agave guadalajarana is a smallish Agave species endemic to Mexico .
Leptothorax muscorum is a species of ant of the genus Leptothorax that ranges through a variety of habitats throughout much of Europe , northern Asia , and North and Central America , with a particularly wide distribution in the palearctic .
Discreliotia serrata is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk , in the family Tornidae .
Dorisa is a genus of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexa .
Polyachyrus is a genus of South American plants in the gerbera tribe within the daisy family .
Subulina striatella is a species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae .
Pseudoperonospora is a genus of water moulds which includes several species known for causing downy mildew infections on plants .
Cremastra appendiculata is an orchid species in the genus Cremastra .
Onychoteuthis compacta is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae , known to occur in Hawaiian waters .
Sericostola rhodanopa is a species of sedge moths in the genus Sericostola .
Idiostatus middlekaufi is an insect , one of many species of katydids in the family Tettigoniidae .
Cerastium aleuticum , common name Aleutian mouse - ear chickweed , is a plant species endemic to the US State of Alaska .
Tilesina gibbosa is a species of poacher native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean .
Lucilia mexicana is a species of green bottle blow fly of the family Calliphoridae .
Buddleja chenopodiifolia is a species endemic to the dry rocky or clay hillsides of southern Peru at altitudes of 2200 - -3100 m ; it was first described and named by Kraenzlin in 1913 .
Ruta graveolens , commonly known as rue , common rue or herb - of - grace , is a species of Ruta grown as an ornamental plant and as an herb .
Penstemon azureus is a species of penstemon known by the common name azure penstemon .
Pomacea bridgesii , common names the spike - topped apple snail or mystery snail , is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae .
Listeria monocytogenes is the species of pathogenic bacteria that causes the infection listeriosis .
Cullenia is a genus of flowering plants native to India and Sri Lanka .
Epipleoneura lamina is a species of damselfly in the threadtail family ( Protoneuridae ) .
Polytrichum is a genus of mosses -- commonly called haircap moss or hair moss -- which contains approximately 70 species that cover a cosmopolitan distribution .
Bactris gasipaes is a species of palm native to the tropical forests of South and Central America .
Ichthyococcus australis is a species of the genus Ichthyococcus .
Giesbertiolus linnaei is a species of scarab beetle belonging to the Cetoniidae subfamily .
Nyctibatrachus minor is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family endemic to the Western Ghats , India .
Centrolene is a genus of glass frogs in the family Centrolenidae .
Helladia imperialis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that is endemic to Iran .
Acropora echinata is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Dana in 1846 .
Eusthenica treicleiota is a species of moth in the Cossidae family and the only species in the genus Eusthenica .
Callopsis is a monotypic genus from the plant family Araceae and has only one species , Callopsis volkensii .
Lysimachia quadrifolia , the whorled loosestrife , whorled yellow loosestrife , or crosswort , is a species of herbaceous plant in the family Primulaceae .
Achariaceae is a family of flowering plants , formerly consisting of 6 species and 3 genera of herbs and shrubs endemic to southern Africa .
Nerioidea is a superfamily of Acalyptratae flies .
Semilimax pyrenaicus is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae .
Olearia myrsinoides , commonly known as Silky Daisy - bush , is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae .
Dactylostelma is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1895 .
Myrmeparmena sudrei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Myrmeparmena .
Atrilinea is a genus of cyprinid fishes that contains only three species , all of which are endemic to China .
Myrcia margarettae is a species of shrub in the family Myrtaceae .
Callicarpa erioclona is a species of beautyberry native to Vietnam , Borneo , Sulawesi , Java , Philippines , New Guinea , and the Bismarck Archipelago .
Sartwellia is a genus of North American flowering plants in the marigold tribe within the daisy family .
Calyptraea chinensis , common name the Chinese hat snail or Chinese hat shell , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae , the slipper snails or slipper limpets , cup - and - saucer snails , and Chinese hat snails .
Adetomyrma cassis ( from Latin cassis , `` helm '' , referring to the shape of its genital capsule ) is a species of ant endemic to Madagascar .
Orycteropodidae is a family of Afrotherian mammals .
Iskandaria is a genus of stone loaches native to central Asia .
Dawkinsia tambraparniei is a species of cyprinid fish found in the Tambraparni River basin in the Western Ghats , Tamil Nadu , India .
Histoplasma is a genus of dimorphic fungi commonly found in bird and bat fecal material .
Ludwigia murchisonae is an extinct species of ammonites in the family Graphoceratidae , which lived during the Mid Jurassic , Aalenian age ( 170.3 - -174.1 mya ) .
Echeveria runyonii is a species of flowering plant in the sedum family , Crassulaceae , that is native to the state of Tamaulipas in Mexico .
Streptostele musaecola is a species of small air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae .
Thermodesulforhabdus norvegica is a species of thermophilic sulfate - reducing bacteria , the type and only species of its genus .
Dermophis occidentalis is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family , endemic to Costa Rica .
Acanthosphex leurynnis , the Wasp - spine velvetfish , is a species of velvetfish native to the Indo - Pacific from India to the Gulf of Thailand .
Ulva linza Linnaeus is a green alga in the division Chlorophyta , is the type species of the genus Ulva that can be found in British Isles .
Xanthosoma sagittifolium , the arrowleaf elephant ear or arrowleaf elephant 's ear , is a species of tropical flowering plant in the genus Xanthosoma , which produces an edible , starchy corm .
Luzula acuminata , hairy woodrush , is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family that grows in northeastern United States and Canada .
Stephanolepis hispidus , the planehead filefish , is a species of bony fish , a ray - finned fish in the family Monacanthidae .
The Reduviidae are a large cosmopolitan family of the order Hemiptera ( true bugs ) .
Bellis annua or the annual daisy is a species of the genus Bellis .
Caymanostellidae is a family of sea stars containing six species in two families .
Fibramia thermalis , also known as the Half - barred cardinal is a species of cardinalfishes found in Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean .
Speokokosia corneti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Speokokosia .
Pyrrhura is a genus of parrots in the Arini tribe .
Zapalasaurus is a genus of dinosaur described by Leonardo Salgado , Ismar de Souza Carvalho and Alberto C. It was named after the city of Zapala .
Euphorbia ocellata is a species of euphorb known by the common name Contura Creek sandmat .
Triphasia grandifolia or unifoliate limeberry is a species of the genus Triphasia which is closely related to the genus Citrus and according to some should be including in it .
Odontoglossum cruentum , the Blood - red Odontoglossum , is a species of orchid found from Ecuador to Peru .
Callobatrachus is an extinct genus of discoglossoid anuran amphibian from the Early Cretaceous - age Yixian Formation of Liaoning , China .
Amalda mucronata is a species of medium - sized sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae , the olives .
Leptauchenia is an extinct goat - like genus of terrestrial herbivore belonging to the oreodont family Merycoidodontidae , and the type genus of the tribe Leptaucheniini .
The Mongu shovelnose frog , Hemisus barotseensis , is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family , endemic to Zambia .
It is known from a single species , the type species Hamipterus tianshanensis .
Standfussiana sturanyi is a species of owlet moth in the genus Standfussiana .
Lehua mamo or ' ohi'a ( Metrosideros macropus ) , is a species of tree in the eucalyptus family , Myrtaceae .
Anadema macandrewii is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae ,
Lipocrea epeiroides is an orb - weaving spider species found in Greece , Cyprus , Turkey , Israel , Yemen and India .
Pritchardia napaliensis is a species of palm tree that is endemic to the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaii , United States .
Neoheterophrictus sahyadri is a species in the genus Neoheterophrictus .
Salix alaxensis is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common names Alaska willow and feltleaf willow .
Acrocomia media is a species of palm which is native to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands .
Horkelia daucifolia is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name carrotleaf horkelia .
Ephemera danica is a species of mayfly in the genus Ephemera .
Trioceros is a genus of lizards in the family Chamaeleonidae .
Pituriaspis doylei ( Doyle 's pituri shield ) was one of two known species of jawless fish belonging to the Class Pituriaspida , and is the better known of the two .
Carex acutiformis , the lesser pond - sedge , is a species of sedge .
Marigordiella parviginella is the only species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the genus Marigordiella ; family Marginellidae , the margin snails .
Melica rigida is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Argentina , Brazil ( Santa Catarina , Rio Grande do Sul ) , and Uruguay .
Hemisodorcus arrowi is a species of beetle in the family Lucanidae .
It contains the single species Geocarpon minimum , which is known by the common names tinytim and earth - fruit .
Mathildidae is a family of minute sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the informal group of the Lower Heterobranchia .
Pomacea glauca is a species of freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae , the apple snails .
Powichthys is a genus of prehistoric lobe - finned fish which lived during the Devonian period .
Petermannia cirrosa , the only species in the genus , is endemic to the states of New South Wales and Queensland in Australia .
Lymantriini ( sometimes misspelled as Lymantrini ) is a tribe of moths of the Erebidae family .
Stenocorus schaumii is a species of beetle from Cerambycidae family that is 17 - -29 millimetres ( 0.67 - -1.14 in ) .
Proceratosaurus is a genus of small - sized ( ~3 metres ( 9.8 ft ) long ) carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic ( Bathonian ) of England .
Passiflora racemosa ( red passion flower ) is a species of flowering plant in the Passifloraceae family , native to Brazil .
Labidura riparia is a species of earwig in the family Labiduridae , formerly Forficula riparia , characterized by their modified cerci as forceps , and light tan colour .
Lethrinops altus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs in areas with sandy substrates .
Pachypanchax varatraza is a species of Aplocheilid killifish endemic to Madagascar where it is found in the Menambery , Fanambana and Ampanobe rivers .
Senna occidentalis is a pantropical plant species .
Centruroides elegans is a scorpion species in the genus Centruroides found in Mexico .
The Andaman shama ( Copsychus albiventris ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Myiotrixini is a tribe of flies in the family Tachinidae from Australia .
Nasturtium gambellii ( syn . Rorippa gambellii ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Gambel 's yellowcress and Gambel 's watercress .
Pteriidae , also called the feather oysters , is a family of medium - sized to large saltwater clams .
Conus miles , common name the soldier cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Idelinellidae is a family of fossil cockroach - like insects .
Pinus driftwoodensis is an extinct species of conifer in the pine family solely known from early Eocene sediments exposed in south central British Columbia .
Ceratonykus ( meaning ' horned claw ' ) is a genus of alvarezsaurid theropod dinosaur that existed in the late Cretaceous period .
Pyronema is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae .
Lynchius nebulanastes ( common name : Canchaque Andes frog ) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Daonella is a genus of oyster - like saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks which lived in the middle to late Triassic period .
Myrmecia loweryi is a species of the giant bull ant which is abundant to Australia .
Digitaria didactyla is a species of grass known by the common names blue couch , Queensland blue couch , blue serangoon grass , green serangoon grass , blue stargrass , and petit gazon ( in Mauritius ) .
Hypselospinus is a genus of iguanodontian dinosaur which was first described as a species of Iguanodon ( I. fittoni ) by Richard Lydekker in 1889 , the specific name honouring William Henry Fitton .
Haplochromis rufus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria where it is found over rocky substrates in the southern portion of the lake .
Gaillardiella is a genus of fungi within the Bertiaceae family .
Cayratia trifolia is a species of liana plant native to Australia and Asia .
Dipsacus laciniatus is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name cutleaf teasel .
Pseudaphya ferreri , Ferrer 's goby , is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea where it occurs in inshore waters inhabiting areas with sandy substrates .
Helonias bullata ( swamp pink ) is a rare perennial rhizomatous herb native to the eastern United States , the only known species in the genus Helonias .
Cryptosporidium hominis , along with Cryptosporidium parvum , is among the medically important Cryptosporidium species .
Chaenactis nevii is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common name John Day pincushion .
Hysterographium is a genus of fungi of uncertain placement in the class Dothideomycetes .
Plaumanniella novateutoniae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Plaumanniella .
Coronella austriaca ( commonly known as a smooth snake ) is a non - venomous colubrid species found in northern and central Europe , but also as far east as northern Iran .
Xenohyla is a genus of frog in the Hylidae family , and are found in the Brazilian states of Bahia and Rio de Janeiro .
Euophrys omnisuperstes ( the species name means standing above everything ) , the himalayan jumping spider , is a small jumping spider that lives at elevations of up to 6,700 metres ( 22,000 feet ) on Mount Everest , making it a candidate for the highest known permanent resident on Earth .
Pamianthe is a genus of South American bulbous perennials in the Amaryllis family , subfamily Amaryllidoideae .
Uramya pristis is a species of fly in the genus Uramya of the family Tachinidae that can be found in eastern North America .
Calathus glabricollis is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Bulgaria , Greece , Italy and all states of former Yugoslavia .
Adriopea pallidata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Adriopea .
Brachaspis robustus is an endangered protected species of grasshopper from South Island , New Zealand .
Dactylopus kuiteri , known commonly as the Kuiter 's dragonet , is a species of marine fish in the family Callionymidae .
Amblydoras bolivarensis is a species of thorny catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Orinoco River basin .
Brickellia diffusa is a Latin American species of flowering plants in the daisy family .
Dorosoma is a genus of gizzard shads , fish of the herring family Clupeidae .
Ehrharta erecta is a species of grass commonly known as panic veldtgrass .
Novomessor is a genus of ants that was described by Italian entomologist Carlo Emery in 1915 .
Hydrophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the waterleaf family which includes several herbaceous perennials native to North America .
Atelopus chrysocorallus is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae endemic to Venezuela .
Overbeckia is a genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae containing the single species Overbeckia subclavata .
Sweta is a genus of leafhopper in the subfamily Typhlocybinae , with two .
Haliotis virginea , Virgin Paua , is a species of edible sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Neurolaena is a genus of flowering plants in the Neurolaena tribe within the daisy family .
Radix luteola is a species of freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Lymnaeidae .
Uliodon is a genus of spiders found in New Zealand and possibly Australia .
Dipterocarpus semivestitus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae , occurring in Kalimantan and peninsular Malaysia .
Olearia astroloba , commonly known as Marble Daisy - bush , is a rare shrub species in the family Asteraceae .
Longitarsus eminus is a species of beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Asian countries such as Afghanistan , Iran , Iraq , Israel , and Turkey .
Chorisandrachne , is a genus of plants in the flowering plant family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1969 .
Trifolium breweri is mentioned briefly as being basal within the Involucrarium clade with some of the South American species that were studied .
Anaklinoceras is a genus of extinct heteromorph ammonite cephalopod that lived in marine environments in what is now Western North America during the Campanian division of the Cretaceous period .
The parrot family Psittrichasiidae consists of two subfamilies , the Psittrichasinae and Coracopsinae , which are found on New Guinea and the Indian Ocean Islands , respectively .
Botiidae is a family of cypriniform ray - finned fishes from South , Southeast , and East Asia .
Suillus bovinus was one of the many species first described in 1753 by the `` father of taxonomy '' Carl Linnaeus , who , in the second volume of his Species Plantarum , gave it the name Boletus bovinus .
Orthotylus adenocarpi adenocarpi is a subspecies of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in Benelux , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Germany , Great Britain , Ireland , Poland , Spain , and Sweden .
Eisenia fetida ( older spelling : foetida ) , known under various common names such as redworm , brandling worm , panfish worm , trout worm , tiger worm , red wiggler worm , red californian earth worm , etc . , is a species of earthworm adapted to decaying organic material .
Actinodoria cuprea is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Actinodoria of the family Tachinidae .
Carabus lopatini is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Sakhalin , Russia .
Sphaeralcea grossulariifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name gooseberryleaf globemallow .
Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus is a species of Proteobacteria found in sea water which are able to degrade hydrocarbons .
Paravespa is an afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps .
The Bambaradeniya 's shrub frog , ( Pseudophilautus bambaradeniyai ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family , endemic to Sri Lanka .
The remainder of this article discusses the disease - causing Parvoviridae viri , rather than the members of the Parvovirus genus .
Bornella stellifer is a species of colorful sea slug , a nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bornellidae .
The blue king crab , Paralithodes platypus , is a species of king crab which lives near St. Matthew Island , the Pribilof Islands , and the Diomede Islands , Alaska , with further populations along the coasts of Japan and Russia .
Dugesia tubqalis is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits springs of Morocco , Africa .
Geoplaninae is a subfamily of land planarians endemic to the Neotropical region .
Graphosoma lineatum is a species of shield bug in the family Pentatomidae .
Eccritotarsus catarinensis is a species of plant bug from Santa Catarina , Brazil .
Lycoteuthis is a genus containing two species of squid :
Iris aucheri ( Aucher - Éloy iris ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Iridaceae .
Hypargyria metalliferella , the silvered knothorn , is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypargyria .
Rhododendron goodenoughii is a rhododendron species native to Papua New Guinea , particularly Goodenough Island where it grows at altitudes of 800 - 1500 m. It is a shrub or small tree that grows to 2 m in height , with leaves that are broadly elliptic , 10 × 6 cm in size .
Thelesperma megapotamicum is a perennial species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Hopi tea greenthread and rayless greenthread .
Aromobates haydeeae ( common name : El Vivero rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family .
Malpolon monspessulanus , commonly known as the Montpellier snake , is a species of mildly venomous rear - fanged colubrids .
Cyrtodactylus intermedius , also known as intermediate bow - fingered gecko or Cardamon forest gecko , is a species of gecko found in Cambodia , Vietnam , and Thailand , including several national parks ( Khao Yai National Park , Khao Khitchakut National Park , Khao Soi Dao Wildlife Sanctuary and Mu Ko Chang National Park ) .
Ixia polystachya ( white - and - yellow - flower cornlily ) is an Ixia species found on hills and slopes of northwest and southwest Cape , South Africa .
Cladonia asahinae ( commonly known as the pixie cup lichen ) is a species of lichen in the family Cladoniaceae .
Caucasichthys is an extinct genus of perciform bony fish which existed in Russia during the middle Eocene epoch ( Bartonian age ) .
Ctenolepisma is a genus of primitive insects ( order Zygentoma = Thysanura s.s . )
Naucleopsis is a plant genus in family Moraceae .
Crenatocetus ( from Latin : crena , `` notch '' , and cetus , `` whale '' ) is an extinct genus of protocetid early whale containing one species , Crenatocetus rayi , that lived along the Atlantic Coastal Plain of the United States during the Lutetian in the late middle Eocene .
Cassipourea eketensis is a species of plant in the Rhizophoraceae family .
Mayriella is an Indo - Australian genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Gayophytum humile is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name dwarf groundsmoke .
Menatalligator is an extinct genus of alligatorid crocodilian .
Garrya congdonii , Congdon silktassel or chaparral silktassel , a fairly common evergreen shrub native to the northern California Coast Ranges , is one of a small biological family of approximately twenty known species in the family Garryaceae , most of which are Garrya .
Lonicera maackii ( Overgrowing Choke - plant or Amur honeysuckle ) is a species of honeysuckle in the family Caprifoliaceae , native to temperate Asia in northern and western China ( south to Yunnan ) , Mongolia , Japan ( central and northern Honshū , rare ) , Korea , and southeastern Russia ( Primorsky Krai ) .
Cardamine douglassii is listed as an endangered species by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , and as a species of special concern by the State of Connecticut .
Pleomele forbesii , Waianae Range hala pepe or Forbes ' dracaena , is a species of flowering plant that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaiʻi .
Spaniblennius clandestinus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic Ocean , from Cape Verde to Angola .
Prethopalpus is a spider genus known as Goblin Spiders and are found in the Australasian tropics , including Nepal , India , Indonesia , Papua New Guinea and Australia .
Eleutherodactylus probolaeus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the La Romana Province , Dominican Republic , at elevations of 0 - -60 m ( 0 - -197 ft ) asl .
Stromatopelminae are a subfamily of tarantulas native to West Africa and part of Central Africa .
Scaphyglottis bidentata is a species of orchid found in the American Tropics from Costa Rica to northern Brazil .
Cymopterus purpurascens is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name widewing springparsley .
Phenacolimax major is a European species of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vitrinidae .
Sydaphera spengleriana , the Spengler 's Nutmeg , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae , the nutmeg snails .
Paullinia pinnata is a flowering plant species in the genus of Paullinia found in South America and Africa .
Castilleja lasiorhyncha is a species of Indian paintbrush is endemic to southern California known by the common name San Bernardino Mountains Indian paintbrush .
Denisonia is a genus of venomous snakes endemic to Australia .
Amphisbaena camura , also known as the collared amphisbaenid , is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena .
Tetronarce is a genus of rays , commonly known as electric rays .
Quercus martinezii is a Mexican species of tree in the beech famiy .
Perideridia bacigalupii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Mother Lode yampah and Bacigalupi 's perideridia .
Paragalaxias is a genus of freshwater fish of the family Galaxiidae , endemic to Tasmania , Australia .
Cylindropuntia echinocarpa is a species of cactus known by the common names silver cholla , golden cholla , and Wiggins ' cholla .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Criserosphaeria phyllostictoides .
Cichorium pumilum ( Wild Endive ) is a Mediterranean species of plant in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family .
Cheilanthes ( lip ferns ) is a genus of about 180 species of rock - dwelling ferns with a cosmopolitan distribution in warm , dry , rocky regions , often growing in small crevices high up on cliffs .
Allium antiatlanticum is a plant species native to Morocco and Algeria .
Podanotum is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . All the species except Podanotum salaeides ( Draudt , 1919 ) are recently described .
Anomalodesmata is an order of saltwater clams , marine bivalve molluscs .
Nothobaccharis is a genus of Peruvian flowering plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family .
Allium feinbergii is a species of onions found on Mount Hermon , near where the three nations of Israel , Syria , and Lebanon meet .
Plesiohadros is an extinct genus of basal hadrosauroid dinosaur .
Amphiesma andreae , commonly known as Andrea 's keelback , is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Southeast Asia .
Limnohabitans is a genus of Proteobacteria established by Hahn et al .
Rhinoptera is a genus of ray commonly known as the cownose rays .
Lagostomus crassus is an extinct species of chinchilla that was native to Peru .
The Diogenidae are a family of hermit crabs , sometimes known as `` left - handed hermit crabs '' because in contrast to most other hermit crabs , its left chela ( claw ) is enlarged instead of the right .
Callizzia is a genus of scoopwing moths of the Uraniidae family .
Procambarus attiguus , known as the Silver Glen Springs crayfish is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Oligoryzomys chacoensis , also known as the Chacoan colilargo or Chacoan pygmy rice rat , is a rodent species from South America .
Tahina spectabilis , the tahina palm , is a species of gigantic palm that is found only in the Analalava District of northwestern Madagascar .
Climacoporus navalis , the Fleet klipfish , is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean along the coast of South Africa where it can be found in tide pools .
Omocestus rufipes , the ' Woodland Grasshopper ' , is a species of ' short - horned grasshoppers ' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Gomphocerinae .
Melica mutica , twoflower melicgrass , is a grass species in the Poaceae family that can be found in southeastern United States .
Saururaceae is a plant family comprising four genera and seven species of herbaceous flowering plants native to eastern and southern Asia and North America .
Herina gyrans is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in Croatia , Spain , and Algeria .
Graptopsaltria is a genus of cicadas from East Asia .
Hibolithes is a genus of belemnite that lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous , and has been found in Antarctica , Europe , South America , and New Zealand .
Petasina bielzi is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae .
Paraschistura cristata also known as the Turkmenian crested loach is a species of stone loach found only in Turkmenistan , Iran and Afghanistan in Central Asia .
Potentilla drummondii is a species of cinquefoil known by the common name Drummond 's cinquefoil .
Primula scotica , commonly known as Scottish primrose , is a species of primrose that is endemic to the north coast of Scotland , including Sutherland , Caithness and Orkney .
Volvopluteus is a genus of small to medium - sized or big saprotrophic mushrooms growing worldwide .
Right whale dolphins are cetaceans belonging to the genus Lissodelphis .
Bariamyrma ( from `` Baria '' , name of a river ; Latin hispidula , diminutive for `` hairy , bristly '' ) is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Bariamyrma hispidula .
The falcons and caracaras are around 60 species of diurnal birds of prey that make up the family Falconidae .
Phyllonoma is a genus consisting of 4 species of trees and shrubs .
Musa gracilis is a species of wild banana ( genus Musa ) , native to Peninsular Malaysia .
Cicindela lepida is a species of threatened tiger beetle .
Garra phillipsi , or the Philipps ' garra , is a species of freshwater fish ) in the Cyprinidae family .
Aphrophora alni , the ' European Alder Spittle Bug ' , is a species belonging to the family Aphrophoridae .
Syrnolopsis minuta is a species of medium - sized freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Dyrithiopsis lakefuxianensis .
Uapou is a genus of linyphiid spiders with one species that occurs only Ua Pou , one of the Marquesas Islands .
Profundiconus smirna , common name the Smirna cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Hosta kiyosumiensis is a species of Hosta , found in Japan from Kanto south to Chubu and Kansai , and encompassing the entire central part of Honshu .
Asterophrys is a small genus of microhylid frogs with only two species from New Guinea .
Canistrum pickelii is a species in the genus Canistrum .
Camptorrhiza is a genus of plants native to India and southern Africa .
Hygrohypnum styriacum , commonly known as snow brook - moss or hygrohypnum moss is a species of moss found in the Northern Hemisphere .
Bodonida is an order of kinetoplastid flagellate protozoa .
Crossoloricaria venezuelae is a species of armored catfish found in the Lake Maracaibo drainage of Venezuela and Colombia .
Cayratia mollissima is an evergreen species of climber plant found in Indochina , Malaysia and the Philippines .
Haliastur is a genus of medium - sized diurnal birds of prey .
Crangonyx hobbsi is a species of troglobitic amphipod in the family Crangonyctidae .
Deuterosaurus is a genus of dinocephalian therapsid , one of the nonmammalian synapsids dominating the land during the late Palaeozoic .
Salmo aphelios is a species of trout , a salmonid fish endemic to Lake Ohrid in Macedonia and Albania in the Balkans .
Dromiceiomimus is a genus of ornithomimid theropod from the Late Cretaceous ( early Maastrichtian ) of Alberta , Canada .
Colletteichthys dussumieri is a species of toadfish of the Batrachoididae family .
Zachrysia trinitaria is a species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae or Pleurodontidae .
Aculepeira ceropegia , the oak spider , is an orb - weaving spider species with Palearctic distribution .
Pleiospilos simulans ( liver plant , split rock plant ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Aizoaceae , once endemic to the Eastern Cape of South Africa .
Pachyaena ( literally , `` Thick Hyena '' ) was a genus of heavily built , relatively short - legged mesonychids that originated from Asia and spread to North America .
Psilocerea wintreberti is a species of moth of the Geometridae family .
Bombus vagans is a common species of bumblebee with a medium - length tongue .
Rivea is a genus of plants in family Convolvulaceae .
†Partula dolichostoma was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Puentemys is an extinct genus of bothremydid turtle from the Paleocene - age Cerrejón Formation in Colombia .
Pedicularis verticillata , the whorled lousewort , is a species of flowering plant from the order of Lamiales which can be found in Alaska , North - Western Canada , and everywhere in China at the elevation of 2,100 - -4,400 metres ( 6,900 - -14,400 ft ) .
Discocotyle sagittata is the freshwater monogenean gill ectoparasite of Salmo and Oncorhynchus fish species .
Brachinus angustatus is a species of ground beetle from the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Spain and North African countries such as Algeria and Morocco .
Cichla monoculus , sometimes known as the tucanare peacock bass ( `` peacock bass '' is also used for some of its relatives ) , is a very large species of cichlid , and a prized game fish .
Trigonospila is a small genus of true flies in the family Tachinidae .
The genus Mimetodon was named by Jepsen G.L. in 1940 .
Rivetina asiatica is a species of praying mantis in the genus Rivetina , native to Western Asia .
Crataegus arcana , the Carolina Hawthorn , is a rare and poorly known species of hawthorn in the rose family .
Harpactes is a genus of birds in the Trogonidae family found in forests in South and Southeast Asia , extending into southernmost China .
Asparagus racemosus ( satavar , shatavari , or shatamull ) is a species of asparagus common throughout Nepal , Sri Lanka , India and the Himalayas .
Haematopota bigoti is a species of fly in the horse - fly family that can be found in such European countries as Austria , Croatia , Denmark , Hungary , Italy , Montenegro , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Slovakia , Spain , and the Netherlands .
The Sillaginidae , commonly known as the smelt - whitings , whitings , sillaginids , sand borers and sand - smelts , are a family of benthic coastal marine fish in the order Perciformes .
Carinostoma elegans is an harvestmen species in the genus Carinostoma found in Hungary .
Nardophyllum is a genus of South American flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family .
It contains the single species Palaeoagaracites antiquus .
Rhadinesthes decimus , the Slender snaggletooth , is a species of barbeled dragonfish found in the ocean depths reaching to 4,900 metres ( 16,100 ft ) .
Carayonemidae is a family of scale insects commonly known as carayonemids .
Carex sodiroi is a species of sedge known from a single collection made by Luis Sodiro at some time before 1886 .
Eucalyptus nitens , commonly known as shining gum , is a Eucalypt species native to Victoria and eastern New South Wales , Australia .
Adelphotectonica reevei is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Architectonicidae , known as the staircase shells or sundials .
Xyris brevifolia , the shortleaf yelloweyed grass , is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow - eyed - grass family .
Lasthenia , commonly known as goldfields , is a genus of the botanical family Asteraceae .
Discus textilis is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Discidae , the disk snails .
Macrotritopus defilippi , commonly known as the Lilliput longarm octopus or the Atlantic longarm octopus , is a small species of octopus , a marine cephalopod mollusc of the order Octopoda .
The family Polychelidae contains thirty - eight extant species of blind , benthic lobster - like crustaceans .
Psammophis angolensis , sometimes known as the dwarf sand snake , is a species of snake in the family Lamprophiidae reaching a maximum length of 50 cm , but averaging 30 cm . The snake actively forages for lizards and frogs .
The genus is monotypic , containing the single species Lobosporangium transversale , found in the USA and Mexico .
Mirognathus normani , Norman 's Smooth - head , is a species of slickhead native to the north - east and western Atlantic Ocean .
Suzanniwana is an extinct genus of iguanian lizards that lived in western North America during the earliest Eocene , approximately 56 million years ago .
Pseudophoenix vinifera ( Cacheo , Katié ) is a palm species endemic to Hispaniola .
Chionanthus albidiflorus ( syn . Linociera albidiflora ( Thwaites ) C.B.Clarke ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Oleaceae .
Acousmaticus magnicornis is a moth in the Cossidae family , and the only species in the genus Acousmaticus .
Isolepis is a cosmopolitan genus of sedge containing around 70 species .
Chalcosoma is a genus of Southeast Asian rhinoceros beetles , comprising three species :
†Partula dolorosa was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
Rhynchostylis coelestis is a species of orchid endemic to Indochina .
Bateidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans , comprising the single genus Batea , which in turn contains thirteen species :
Lophiaspis is an extinct genus of chalicothere endemic to Europe during the Eocene living from 55.8 - -37.2 Ma and existed for approximately 18.6 million years .
Dinomenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogaster , one kind of small , shell - less mollusk .
Magnolia obovata ( Japanese bigleaf magnolia and Japanese whitebark magnolia ) is a species of Magnolia , native to Japan and the adjacent Kurile Islands .
Theristicus is a genus of birds in the Threskiornithidae family .
Tetraponera allaborans , is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae , which can be found in many Asian countries .
The Japanese fire belly newt ( Cynops pyrrhogaster ) is a species of newt in the Salamandridae family endemic to Japan .
Plagiolabra is a neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing 2 species found in the Gran Chaco biogeographical province of central South America .
Flexopecten hyalinus , the Hyaline Scallop , is a species of saltwater clams , a scallop , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae , the scallops .
Pholisma arenarium is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by several common names , including desert Christmas tree , scaly - stemmed sand plant , and purple sand food .
Dendrotrochus ponapensis is a species of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae , the hive snails . This species is endemic to Micronesia .
Diuris chryseopsis , commonly known as the Small Snake Orchid or Common Golden Moths , is a species of orchid that is endemic to south - eastern Australia .
It consists of only one species , Parasthena flexilinea , which is found on Sulawesi , the Philippines and Borneo and possibly on Seram and Papua New Guinea .
Conus guinaicus is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk .
Eriogonum davidsonii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Davidson 's buckwheat .
Acantholycosa sayanensis is a species of wolf spider found only in the Western Sayan Mountains in Russia .
Bothrops itapetiningae , or the São Paulo lancehead , is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family .
Calliandra is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae , subfamily Mimosoideae .
Gilia yorkii is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Boyden Cave gilia and monarch gilia .
Bulinus nasutus is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a sinistral shell , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ramshorn snails and their allies .
Jeholops is an extinct genus of notostracan which existed in the Yixian Formation , inner Mongolia , China during the early Cretaceous period ( Barremian age ) .
Dupouyichthys sapito is the only species of banjo catfishes in the genus Dupouyichthys .
Penicillium daejeonium is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from grape and schisandra fruit in Korea .
Neoparrya lithophila , also known by the common names Bill 's neoparrya and rock - loving aletes , is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family .
Diaethria euclides is a species of butterfly of the Diaethria genus .
Platymantis mamusiorum ( Nakanai wrinkled bamboo frog ) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family .
Muscina levida is a species of fly from the family Muscidae .
Cressa cretica is a species of flowering plant in the morning glory family .
Villalobosius is a genus of crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae , containing a single species , Villalobosius lopezformenti .
Mictocaris halope is the only species of freshwater crustacean in the monotypic genus Mictocaris .
Fitchia is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family , native to certain islands in the Pacific .
Paraspinibarbus alloiopleurus is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in the eastern Asian countries of China , Laos and Vietnam .
Raphanus ( Latin for `` radish '' ) is a genus within the flowering plant family Brassicaceae .
Agyneta albomaculata is a species of sheet weaver found in the Galapagos Islands .
Galium muricatum , Humboldt bedstraw , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Synodontis dhonti is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only known from Lake Tanganyika .
Picea glehnii , the Sakhalin spruce or Glehn 's spruce , is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family .
The Kerguelen shag ( Phalacrocorax verrucosus ) is a species of cormorant endemic to the Kerguelen Islands in the southern Indian Ocean , one of the most isolated places on Earth .
Hypsipyla robusta , the cedar tip moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypsipyla .
Thelesperma filifolium , commonly known as stiff greenthread , or plains greenthread , is a species of flowering plant in the aster family , Asteraceae .
It contains the single species Lepidoneiva erubescens , which is found in Brazil ( São Paulo ) .
Seorsumuscardinus is a genus of fossil dormice from the early Miocene of Europe .
Dimetrodon ( i / daɪˈmiːtrədɒn/ ; meaning `` two measures of teeth '' ) is an extinct genus of synapsid that lived during the Early Permian period , around 295 - -272 million years ago ( Ma ) .
Lamoria adaptella , the plain lamoria , is a species of snout moth in the genus Lamoria .
Naegleria lovaniensis is a species of Naegleria .
Lycosa is a genus of wolf spiders .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Themisia nuda .
Ribes binominatum is a species of currant known by the common names trailing gooseberry and ground gooseberry .
Wynnea americana , commonly known as moose antlers or rabbit ears , is a species of fungus in the family Sarcoscyphaceae .
Marrubium peregrinum ( Horehound ) is a species of herbaceous perennial plant , with height up to 60 cm , native to south - east Europe , the Balkans , and Asia Minor .
The Arbacioida are an order of sea urchins , consisting of a single family , the Arbaciidae .
Hyastenus elatus is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae .
Dioryctria taedivorella , the lesser loblolly pineconeworm moth , is a species of snout moth in the genus Dioryctria .
Habenaria fordii is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family .
Draconectes narinosus is a species of troglobitic stone loach known only from a cave on Van Gio Island in Halong Bay , Vietnam .
Cheiracanthium occidentale is a spider species found in Minorca .
Gammarus pecos is a species of crustacean in family Gammaridae .
Penicillium parvulum is a monoverticillate species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil of a peanut field in Georgia .
Physopsis is a genus of plants in the mint family , Lamiaceae , first described in 1849 .
Sepia mirabilis is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Indian Ocean .
Mycterus curculioides is a species of beetles belonging to the family Mycteridae .
Conuber sordidum ( originally described as Natica sordida by Swainson ) is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk family Naticidae , the moon snails .
Heliconius hermathena , the Hermathena Longwing , is a species of butterfly of the Nymphalidae family .
Ivesia jaegeri , is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Jaeger 's mousetail , or Jaeger 's ivesia .
Periophthalmus gracilis is a species of mudskippers native to marine and brackish waters of the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it is an inhabitant of the intertidal zone , capable of spending time out of water .
Tilloglomus spectabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Tilloglomus .
Tradescantia fluminensis is a species of spiderwort native to South America .
Amantis fumosa is a species of praying mantis native to India .
Ptychochromis insolitus , also known as the Mangarahara cichlid , is a species of cichlid endemic to certain river systems in northern Madagascar .
The Plicatulidae are a family of saltwater clams , marine bivalve mollusks , known commonly as kitten 's paws or kittenpaws .
Eleutherodactylus maurus ( Spanish : Rana - fisgona Café ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family .
Aphanostephus riddellii is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family , with the common name Riddell 's lazydaisy .
Ceuthophilus elegans is an insect species in the genus Ceuthophilus .
Pernagera gatliffi is a species of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Charopidae .
Triops newberryi is a species of Triops found on the western coast of North America , commonly in valleys throughout the states of Washington , Oregon , California , and small areas of Nevada , Utah , New Mexico , and Mexico , with at least one disjunct population in Kansas .
Anemone jamesonii is a species of plant in the Ranunculaceae family .
Eriophorum vaginatum L. ( hare's - tail cottongrass , tussock cottongrass , sheathed cottonsedge ) is a species of perennial herbaceous plant in the family Cyperaceae , native to bogs and other acidic wetlands throughout the Holarctic Kingdom .
Ribeiroclinus eigenmanni is a species of clinid found along the Atlantic coast of South America from southern Brazil to central Argentina where it has been found at a depth of about 17 metres ( 56 ft ) .
Potamanthidae is a family of Mayflies ( Ephemeroptera ) with 3 genera in which there are 23 species .
Elimia macglameriana was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae .
The Thermoactinomycetaceae are a family of Gram - positive endospore - forming bacteria .
Jorunna funebris , common name the dotted nudibranch , is a large species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a shell - less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Discodorididae .
Psorospermum febrifugum is a flowering plant species in the genus Psorospermum occurring in Zimbabwe and Mozambique .
Aeshna ellioti , the highland hawker or Elliot 's hawker , is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae .
Atrocalopteryx atrata is a species of damselfly belonging to the family Calopterygidae .
Hypselodoris placida is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch .
Fessonia is a genus of mites belonging to the family Smaridiidae .
Balistomorphus is an extinct genus of prehistoric triggerfish that lived a marine environment during the early Oligocene epoch in what is now Canton Glarus , Switzerland .
Gaillardia coahuilensis , bandanna daisy , is a North American species of flowering plant in the sunflower family .
Mesoponera is an Old World genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Elachisinidae is a family of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Rissooidea and the clade Littorinimorpha .
Tropaeolum leptophyllum is a species of perennial plant in the Tropaeolaceae family .
Alternaria brassicae is a plant pathogen able to infect most Brassica species including important crops such as broccoli , cabbage and oil seed rape .
Elachistocleis ovalis ( common name : common oval frog , Spanish : sapito apuntado bicolor ) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Tolumnia guianensis is a species of orchid endemic to Hispaniola .
Oberea breviantennalis is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered in 2006 .
Eriophyllum jepsonii is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Jepson 's woolly sunflower .
Hylarana signata , commonly known as the striped stream frog , spotted stream frog , or Matang frog , is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Thoracochromis is a fish genus of haplochromine cichlids that are endemic to Africa .
Lavandula lanata is a shrubby lavender species native to southern Spain .
Mangifera casturi ( also called Kalimantan Mango or Kasturi ) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family .
Calochortus spatulatus is a Mexican species of plants in the lily family .
Nososticta solitaria is an Australian species of damselfly in the family Protoneuridae , commonly known as the fivespot threadtail .
Schleinitzia fosbergii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name strand tangantangan .
Kentiopsis magnifica ( formerly Mackeea magnifica ) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family .
The superfamily Glypheoidea comprises five families .
Megalagrion molokaiense , common name Molokai damselfly , is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae .
Sorex araneus grantii is a subspecies of the shrew Sorex araneus , found only on the Scottish island of Islay .
Austrocactus coxii is a plant species in the genus Austrocactus from the cactus family ( Cactaceae ) , indigenous to southern Argentina and southern Chile .
Isodendrion laurifolium is a rare species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common names rockcliff isodendrion and aupaka .
Angelica pachycarpa is found growing in the Crithmo - Armerion maritimae ( Géhu 1968 ) community of plants in Spain and Portugal which includes these species also :
Mantellisaurus is a genus of dinosaur formerly known as Iguanodon atherfieldensis that lived in the Barremian and possibly the early Aptian ages of the Early Cretaceous Period of Europe .
Cybaeidae is a family of spiders comprising twelve genera .
Pediocactus bradyi is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Brady 's pincushion cactus , Brady 's hedgehog cactus , and Marble Canyon cactus .
Icmadophila eucalypti is a species of lichen in the family Icmadophilaceae .
Lepidobatrachus is a genus of ceratophryidid frogs .
The Starostin 's loach ( Troglocobitis starostini ) is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Turkmenistan .
Exelastis montischristi is a species of moth in the genus Exelastis , known from Hispaniola , Ecuador , Grenada , Jamaica , Martinique , the Virgin Islands , Florida and Texas .
Prodontocharax is a genus of characins found in tropical South America , with three currently described species :
Barbus dorsolineatus , the Cunene barb or topstripe barb , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Barbus .
Penicillium onobense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from beech forest in Navarra in Spain .
Orbexilum pedunculatum , commonly known as Sampson 's snakeroot , is a species of flowering plant in the legume family .
Heteropenaeus longimanus is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Rhynchocinetidae , known by the common name Longarm prawn .
Heteroplexis is a genus of Chinese flowering plants in the daisy family .
Araripemys is an extinct turtle genus from 120 million years ago , in Early Cretaceous Brazil .
Dorycera grandis is a species of picture - winged fly in the genus Dorycera of the family Ulidiidae .
Mimepilysta compacta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Mimepilysta .
Tricarinodynerus is a genus of potter wasps known from the Afrotropical and Palearctic regions .
Diestrammena asynamora is a species of cave cricket in the family Rhaphidophoridae .
Biophytum sensitivum is a species of plant in the Oxalidaceae family and in the genus Biophytum .
Synodus falcatus is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Eastern Central Pacific Ocean .
Gastridium is a small but widespread genus of African and Eurasian plants in the grass family .
Icaronycteris is an extinct genus of microchiropteran ( echolocating ) bat that lived in the early Eocene , approximately 52.2 million years ago , making it the earliest known definitive bat .
Calyptranthes elegans , the bashy guava , bois baguette , bois petite feuille , is a flowering plant species in the genus Calyptranthes endemic to the Lesser Antilles .
Myrmeciites is an extinct form genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae of the family Formicidae , which contains three described species and two fossils not placed beyond the genus level .
Chinemesa is a little - known genus of thread - legged bug ( Emesinae ) apparently endemic to Borneo .
Anabas is a genus of climbing gouramies native to southern and eastern Asia .
Capropygia unistriata , also known as the Black - banded pygmy boxfish , is a species of deepwater boxfish found in the waters over the continental shelf off the southern coast of Australia .
First considered a Mexican population of Storeria occipitomaculata by Storer in 1839 , Storeria hidalgoensis was described as separate species in 1942 by Taylor .
Polycheira is a genus of holothurians ( sea cucumbers ) found in tropical Indo - Pacific .
Prionolomia heros is a species of squash bug belonging to the Coreidae family .
Formica bradleyi ( common name sandhill ant ) is a species of ant .
Hassalstrongylus is a genus of nematode worms that infect mostly muroid rodents from eastern North America to South America .
Lindera lucida is a plant species in the genus Lindera found in Malaysia .
Melica tibetica , is a grass species in the Poaceae family that is endemic to China and can be found in such provinces as Inner Mongolia , Qinghai , Sichuan , and Xizang .
Lithops localis ( also known as Lithops terricolor ) is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae family , indigenous to South Africa .
Ochina hirsuta is a species of Anobiidae in the genus Ochina .
Amphitecna macrophylla , commonly known as black calabashor chaff - bush , is a species of plant in the Bignoniaceae family .
Arctocyon ( ' bear dog ' ) is an extinct genus of ungulate mammals .
Garcinia gummi - gutta is a tropical species of Garcinia native to Indonesia .
Nhoabe mocquerysalis is a species of snout moth , and the type species in the genus Nhoabe .
Streptomyces humidus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Japan .
The order Ascaridida includes several families of parasitic roundworms with three `` lips '' on the anterior end .
The Nymphomyiidae are a family of tiny ( 2 mm ) slender , delicate flies ( Diptera ) .
Theledectes is an extinct genus of theledectine procolophonid parareptile from middle Triassic ( early Anisian stage ) deposits of Free State Province , South Africa .
The Japanese grass vole ( Microtus montebelli ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Fresvillia is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to baculitid family of the ammonoid order Ancyloceratida that lived during the Late Cretaceous , found in France .
Malus toringoides is a crabapple species in the family Rosaceae , with the common name cut - leaf crabapple .
Amphisbaena nigricauda is a species of worm lizard , which is endemic to Brazil .
Galium uncinulatum , common name bristly bedstraw , is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Gomphocarpus purpurascens , is a species of milkweed endemic to Ethiopia , where it is used medicinally to treat fever .
Lasasaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile known from the Early Triassic Middle Sakamena Formation , of northern Madagascar .
Vantanea peruviana is a species of plant in the Humiriaceae family .
Drepanopterus is an extinct genus of eurypterid .
Kaloula is a genus of microhylid frogs found in South Asia , Southeast Asia and East Asia .
Pseudopetalichthyida is an extinct order of lightly armored placoderms known only from rare fossils in Lower Devonian strata in Hunsrück , Germany .
Bedotia sp . nov . ' Ankavia - Ankavanana ' is an undescribed species of fish in the family Bedotiidae .
Creaser 's mud turtle ( Kinosternon creaseri ) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family .
Schistocarpha is a genus of flowering plants in the Quickweed tribe within the daisy family .
Diarrheneae is a tribe of grasses , containing two genera .
It contains the single species Osmadenia tenella , which is known by the common name false rosinweed .
Rhachis sanguineus is an extinct species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the superfamily Enoidea .
Callionymus megastomus is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean around India .
Vernonia arborea is a species of medium - sized flowering plant in the Asteraceae family that is found in Western Ghats of India and Sri Lanka .
Hallomenus axillaris is a species of fungus beetle in the family Tetratomidae .
Pseudopanax simplex is a species of evergreen plant .
Aspidura drummondhayi , commonly known as Drummond - Hay 's rough - sided snake or කෙටිවල් මැඩිල්ලා ( ketiwal medilla ) in Sinhala , is a colubrid species endemic to Sri Lanka .
Buddleja utahensis is a species of Buddleja endemic to the southwestern United States ( northwest Arizona , eastern California , southern Nevada , and southwestern Utah ) , where it is known by the common names Utah butterfly bush and Panamint butterfly bush .
Harpalus chalcentus is a species of ground beetle native to Asia .
Paramysis nouveli is a species of mysid crustacean , found in marine shallow - water habitats in Western Europe .
Sciaenochromis fryeri is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is found along the rocky coastal areas at depths of from 10 to 40 metres ( 33 to 131 ft ) .
Myrmarachne is a genus of jumping spiders which imitate an ant by waving their front legs in the air to simulate antennae .
Anochetus conisquamis is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae known from one possibly Miocene fossil found on Hispaniola .
Psednos is a genus of snailfishes found in all the world 's oceans .
Microsciurus or dwarf squirrels is a genus of squirrels from the tropical regions of Central and South America .
Stenophloeus ocularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Stenophloeus .
Streptomyces neyagawaensis is an Actinobacteria species in the antibiotic producing genus Streptomyces .
Trillium viride , wood wakerobin , is a plant species found only in the central United States ( States of Missouri and Illinois ) .
Rheobates is a small genus of frogs in the Aromobatidae family .
Vanikoro plicata is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vanikoridae .
Paphiopedilum helenae is a species of orchid endemic to Cao Bằng Province of Vietnam .
Ectodus descampsii is a species of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa where it prefers areas with substrates of coarse sand .
Idioteuthis cordiformis is a species of whip - lash squid found in tropical regions of the west Pacific Ocean .
Scaphiophryne verrucosa is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family , endemic to Madagascar .
Eulophia petersii is a succulent species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family , from southern and eastern Africa .
Microsteus is a genus of small selenosteid arthrodire placoderms known from the Upper Frasnian Kellwasserkalk facies of Late Devonian Germany .
Moodna olivella is a species of snout moth in the genus Moodna .
Carabus lineatus is a species of beetle from Carabidae family , that can be found in France , Portugal , and Spain .
Melicope ovalis ( Wild pelea or Hana melicope ) is a species of tree in the Rutaceae family .
Rugathodes sexpunctatus is a minute species of spider in the family Theridiidae , the cobweb or tangle - web spiders .
Argobuccinum pustulosum , common name the pustular triton , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae , the triton snails , triton shells or tritons .
Mallota bautias is a species of hoverfly ( Diptera : Syrphidae ) .
Conus typhon , common name the typhon cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Euchlaena muzaria , the muzaria euchlaena moth , is a species of moth of the family Geometridae .
Orthalicidae ( orthalicid land snails ) are a family of tropical air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks are classified in the informal group Sigmurethra of the clade Stylommatophora .
Penstemon pseudospectabilis ( desert beardtongue , or desert penstemon ) a species of penstemon .
The La Paz robber frog , Oreobates cruralis , is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family .
Persoonia fastigiata is a species of shrub in the family Proteaceae that is native to eastern Australia .
Drilus flavescens is a species of beetles belonging to the family Drilidae .
Trypanosoma rangeli is a hemoflagellate protozoan parasite species of the genus Trypanosoma .
Squirrels are members of the family Sciuridae , consisting of small or medium - size rodents .
Coleocephalocereus is a genus of erect and semi - erect columnar cacti from Brazil .
Chararica circiimperfecta is a species of snout moth in the genus Chararica .
Stethopristes eos is a species of parazen found in the Pacific Ocean where it has so far only been recorded from near Chile and near Hawaii .
Conus pulcher , common name the butterfly cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Epadrianites is a genus of the Adrianitidae family .
Piodes coriacea is a species of long - horn beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Piodes .
Canarium acutifolium is a forest tree species , of the plant family Burseraceae , growing naturally in New Guinea , the Moluccas , Sulawesi , New Britain , New Ireland , Bougainville and in lowland north - eastern Queensland , Australia .
Scadoxus puniceus , commonly known as the paintbrush lily , is a species of bulbous plant .
Dysaethria is a genus of moths in the Uraniidae family .
Escherichia fergusonii is a Gram - negative , rod - shaped species of bacterium .
Chiromantis senapatiensis ( Senapti 's tree frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Northeast India .
Ornithostaphylos is a monotypic plant genus which contains the single species Ornithostaphylos oppositifolia , the Baja birdbush or Baja California birdbush .
Linophryne andersoni is a species of leftvent in the genus Linophryne it is found in deep water up to 50 m northeast of the Line Islands .
Aquilegia eximia is a species of columbine known by the common names serpentine columbine or Van Houtte 's columbine .
Selaginella is the sole genus of vascular plants in the family Selaginellaceae , the spikemosses or lesser clubmosses .
Sphodromantis hyalina is a species of praying mantis found in Gabon , Central African Republic and the Congo River region .
Spelaeophryne methneri is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family .
Melinaea is a genus of clearwing ( ithomiine ) butterflies .
Zygoballus sexpunctatus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the southeastern United States where it can be found in a variety of grassy habitats .
Moniliella is a genus of fungi in the subphylum Ustilaginomycotina .
Oxymeris chlorata , common name : the Pink - spotted Auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Melica decipiens is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in the mountains of Cordoba and San Luis provinces of Argentina .
Gastropholis is a genus of Equatorial African lacertid lizards of the family Lacertidae which is distributed in southern Liberia , Ivory Coast and Ghana , western Cameroon , Equatorial Guinea , Democratic Republic of Congo , eastern Kenya , Tanzania and south to northeastern Mozambique .
Lepidocephalichthys hasselti is a species of cobitid loach native to southeastern Asia and western Indonesia .
Craspidospermum is a monotypic genus of plant in the Apocynaceae family endemic to Madagascar .
Acanthosaura crucigera is a species of lizard commonly known as Boulenger 's pricklenape or masked horned tree lizard .
Paratomoxia agathae is a species of beetle in the Paratomoxia genus that is in the Mordellidae family .
Dendrophylax porrectus is a species of epiphytic orchid native to Mexico , El Salvador , Guatemala , Florida , Cayman Islands , Cuba , Hispaniola , Jamaica , and Puerto Rico .
The Palau fruit dove ( Ptilinopus pelewensis ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Rhinecanthus assasi is a species of fish in the family Balistidae , the triggerfishes .
Haplomastodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean endemic to South America during the Pleistocene from 1.810 Ma--11,000 years ago , living for approximately 1.789 million years .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Pubigera subvillosula .
Shastoceras is a genus of extinct ammonite cephalopod found in Lower Aptian sediments in Northern California .
Thorius pennatulus is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae and one of the smallest tetrapods , with adults reaching a length of about 15 to 21 millimetres ( 0.59 to 0.83 in ) .
Sphenorhynchia plicatella is an extinct species of brachiopods belonging to the family Prionorhynchiidae .
Galeopsis speciosa ( Large - flowered Hemp - nettle or Edmonton hempnettle ) is a species of annual herbaceous plants in the family Lamiaceae .
Cyathea callosa is a species of tree fern endemic to Luzon in the Philippines , where it grows in midmontane forest .
The Madagascan wagtail ( Motacilla flaviventris ) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family .
Adansonia kilima is a species of baobab tree native to Africa , described in 2012 .
Leptura longipennis is an extinct species , that is included to incertae sedis of the Lepturinae subfamily in long - horned beetle family .
Acanthemblemaria balanorum is a species of fish in the family Chaenopsidae known by the common names clubhead blenny and clubhead barnacle blenny .
Kaunia is a genus of South American shrubs or small trees in the sunflower family .
Hierodula is a genus of praying mantises found throughout Asia .
Naso vlamingii is a species of unicornfish in the surgeonfish family known by the common names bignose unicornfish , scibbled unicornfish , Vlaming 's unicornfish , and zebra unicornfish .
Garcinia gardneriana ( Bacupari ) is an evergreen , dioecious species of the genus Garcinia .
The Coronophorales are an order of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes .
Schindalmonotus is a genus of bristle millipede containing the sole species Schindalmonotus hystrix known from South Africa and Mozambique .
Euleia basihyalina is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Euleia of the family Tephritidae .
In areas endemic for heartwater there is likely to be use of dips against other ticks of domestic animals , such as Rhipicephalus ( Boophilus ) and Hyalomma species and this will usually contribute to control of vectors of Ehrlichia ruminantium .
Galeamopus is a genus of herbivorous diplodocid sauropod dinosaurs .
Sanagia velifera is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Sanaga River in Cameroon .
Ilbiidae is a family of marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the clade Cephalaspidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Lycus trabeatus , common name Tailed net - winged beetle , is a species of beetle belonging to the Lycidae family .
Telmatobius is a genus of frogs native to the Andean highlands in South America , where they are found in Ecuador , Peru , Bolivia , northwestern Argentina and northern Chile .
Dectobrycon armeniacus is a species of characin endemic to Peru .
Andrena lauracea is a rare bee species from the United States .
The Bembicini , or sand wasps , are a large tribe of crabronid wasps , comprising 20 genera .
Acrachne is a genus of Asian , African , and Australian plants in the grass family .
Gigantophis garstini is an extinct , giant snake which may have measured more than 10 m ( 33 ft ) , larger than any living species of snake .
The Formosan woolly horseshoe bat is a species of bat from the family Rhinolophidae .
Agapetus montanus is a species of Caddisfly .
Canthigaster axiologus is a species of marine fish in the family Tetraodontidae .
Neodihammus pici is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neodihammus .
Tamarix aphylla is the largest known species of Tamarix ( height : to 18 metres--60 ft ) .
Cochliopina compacta is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae , the mud snails .
Kleinella is a small genus of sea snails , pyramidellid gastropod mollusk or micromollusks .
Mephisto fraserbrunneri is a species of spikefish known from the Bay of Bengal near the Andaman Islands where it has been found at a depth of 291 metres ( 955 ft ) .
Phaulomyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Leptanillinae containing a single species , Phaulomyrma javana .
Procolobomatus is a genus of copepod , containing the following species :
Cryptantha nevadensis is a species of wildflower in the borage family known by the common names Nevada catseye and Nevada forget - me - not .
Protognathosaurus ( meaning `` early jaw lizard '' ) is a genus of herbivorous dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic .
Homo is the genus that comprises the species Homo sapiens , which includes modern humans , as well as several extinct species classified as ancestral to or closely related to modern humans -- as for examples Homo habilis and Homo neanderthalensis .
The only known species is Canadanthus modestus , native to northern North America ( Alaska , Yukon , British Columbia , Alberta , Manitoba , Saskatchewan , New Brunswick , Quebec , Ontario , Washington , Oregon , Idaho , Montana , North and South Dakota , Minnesota , Wisconsin , Michigan ) .
Fimbristylis polytrichoides is a species of fimbry known by the common name rusty sedge , native to east Africa , Madagascar , China , Southeast Asia , New Guinea and Australia .
Upogebiidae is a family of mud shrimp in the order Decapoda .
Thogotovirus is a genus of enveloped RNA viruses , one of six genera in the virus family Orthomyxoviridae .
Aspergillus ( /ˌæspərˈdʒɪləs/ ) is a genus consisting of a few hundred mold species found in various climates worldwide .
Pseudosamanea cubana is a tree species in the legume family ( Fabaceae ) .
Clythraschema chabrillacii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Clythraschema .
Geogarypidae is a family of pseudoscorpion , which contains the following genera :
Hylarana montivaga ( sometimes known as Langbian Plateau frog or Chantaburi stream frog ) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Euryades duponchelii is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in Brazil , Argentina , Paraguay , Uruguay , and Bolivia .
Oberea auriventris is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Breuning in 1961 .
Rhodothemis lieftincki , common name Red arrow , is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Hypocnemoides is a genus of passerine bird in the antbird family , Thamnophilidae .
Carex distans , commonly known as distant sedge , is a plant species in the sedge family , Cyperaceae .
Simulium is a genus of black flies , which may transmit diseases such as onchocerciasis ( river blindness ) .
Micropholcus fauroti is a cellar spider species with Pantropical distribution .
Tritylodon ( Greek for 3 cusped tooth ) was a genus of tritylodont , one of the most advanced group of cynodont therapsids .
Diuris longifolia is a species of orchid which is endemic to the south - west of Western Australia .
Rana basaltica is an extinct species of long - legged frog from Early Miocene of China .
Graphoceras is an extinct ammonite genus included in the hildoceratacean family Graphoceratidae that lived during the Bajocian stage , Middle Jurassic in what is now Europe , north Africa , and Iran .
Nabokovia is a Neotropical genus of butterflies , named by Arthur Francis Hemming in honour of Vladimir Nabokov , who extensively studied the Polyommatinae subfamily .
Sanicula hoffmannii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names Hoffmann 's blacksnakeroot and Hoffmann 's sanicle .
Paramphistomum cervi , the type species of genus Paramphistomum , is an parasitic flat worm belonging to the class Trematoda .
Tricyrtis latifolia , the toad lily , is an East Asian species of plants in the lily family .
Colchicum kotschyi is a species native to Iran , Iraq and Turkey .
Mastigoproctus is a genus of whip scorpions .
Astatotilapia is a genus of haplochromine cichlids from Africa , with a single species in Israel and Syria .
Phoxocephalidae is a family of small , shrimp - like crustaceans in the suborder Gammaridea described by Georg Ossian Sars in 1891 .
Zygopetalum pedicellatum , commonly known as the Mosen 's Zygopetalum , is a species of orchid native to southeastern Brazil .
Meryta is a genus in the flowering plant family Araliaceae .
Trachelipus camerani is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Italy , Greece and the former Yugoslavia .
Vaccinium scoparium is a species of huckleberry known by the common names grouse whortleberry , grouseberry , and littleleaf huckleberry .
Discoplax hirtipes is a species of terrestrial crab .
Gordonia hirtella is a species of plant in the Theaceae family .
Arthrosaura is a genus of spectacled lizards ( family Gymnophthalmidae ) .
Thescelosaurinae is a subfamily of Ornithopod Dinosaurs from the Early Cretaceous of Asia and the Late Cretaceous of North America .
Araragi is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is a small east Asian hairstreak genus .
Triplophysa lacustris is a species of stone loach endemic to China .
Mesochorista proavita is an extinct species of scorpionfly from the Triassic period of Queensland , Australia .
Bauhinia lunarioides is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae , native to Southwestern Texas in the United States and Northern Mexico .
Darwiniothamnus tenuifolius is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family , found only in Ecuador .
The Green Rock - plant , Lithops viridis , is a species of plant in the Aizoaceae family .
Pseudopsocus fusciceps is a species of Psocoptera from Trichopsocidae family that can be found in Austria , Belgium , Finland , Germany , Great Britain , Greece , Norway , Poland , Spain , Sweden , and the Netherlands .
Allium barsczewskii is a plant species native to Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan , Tajikistan , Iran , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Leptophis mexicanus , commonly known as the Mexican parrot snake , is a species of medium - sized slender snake of the Colubridae family .
Phoneyusa lesserti is a species of spiders belonging to the family Theraphosidae .
Strumigenys is a genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae .
Brachynotus is a genus of crabs , comprising the following species :
Lintneria smithi is a species of moth in the family Sphingidae , the sphinx moths and hawk moths .
Miacids are extinct primitive carnivoramorphans within the family Miacidae that lived during the Paleocene and Eocene epochs , about 62 - -33 million years ago .
The Lanai island - aster or Lanai hesperomannia ( Hesperomannia arborescens ) is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family .
The Tarabundí vole ( Microtus oaxacensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Squatina squatina , the angelshark or monkfish , is a species of shark in the family Squatinidae ( known generally also as angel sharks ) , once widespread in the coastal waters of the northeastern Atlantic Ocean .
Melanalis perfusca is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Melanalis .
Habenaria distans ( hammock bog orchid ) is a species of orchid .
Ranunculus fluitans , the river water - crowfoot , is a species of buttercup .
Cattleya forbesii , the Forbes ' Cattleya , is a species of orchid .
Andreaea regularis is a species of moss that grows in Antarctica and on the South Shetland Islands .
Aristoceratoides is an extinct ammonoid genus belonging to the goniatitid family Thalassoceratidae that lived during the Middle Permian .
Opisthoteuthis californiana , also known as the flapjack octopus , is a species of octopus .
Macrocystis integrifolia is one of four species of kelp ( large brown algae ) in the genus Macrocystis which grows to about 6 metres ( 20 ft ) long .
The Stylocellidae are a family of harvestmen with about 30 described species , all of which occur from India to New Guinea .
Chionoecetes is a genus of crabs that live in the northern Pacific and Atlantic Oceans .
Annuloceras ( `` Ringed Horns '' ) is an extinct genus of ammonite cephalopod .
Margarites vahlii , common name the Vahl margarite , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae .
The Pholcoidea or pholcoids are a superfamily of araneomorph spiders .
Homoeosoma electellum , the American sunflower moth , is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Felisbertia melastomacearum .
Sphaerodactylus klauberi is a species of gecko endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico .
Psaronius was a Marattialean tree fern which grew to 10 m in height , and is associated with leaves of the organ genus Pecopteris and other extinct tree ferns .
Microtuban is an extinct genus of azhdarchoid pterosaur known from the Late Cretaceous of northern Lebanon .
Lepidotrigla kishinouyi is a species of fish in the sea robin family
Campanula rapunculus , common name rampion bellflower , rampion , or rover bellflower , is a species of bellflower ( Campanula ) in the family Campanulaceae .
Phyllospadix torreyi , Torrey 's surfgrass , is a plant species found along the Pacific Coasts of British Columbia , Washington , Oregon , California and Baja California ( including Guadalupe Island ) .
Strobilomyces strobilaceus , also called Strobilomyces floccopus and commonly known as old man of the woods , is a species of fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Cynthiacetus is an extinct genus of basilosaurid early whale that lived during the Upper Eocene ( Bartonian - Priabonian , 40.4 to 33.9 million years ago . )
Lepidozamia is a genus of two species of cycad , both endemic to Australia .
Indosaurus ( meaning `` Indian lizard '' ) is a genus of theropod dinosaur once living in what is now India .
Muracypraea mus , common name the mouse cowry , is a species of sea snail , a cowry , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae , the cowries .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Hydrocina chaetocladia .
Wangosaurus is an extinct genus of basal pistosauroid known from the Middle Triassic ( late Ladinian stage ) Falang Formation of Xingyi in Guizhou Province , southwestern China .
Percina roanoka ( common name Roanoke darter ) is a species of darter native to Virginia , West Virginia and North Carolina in the United States .
Awaous acritosus , the Roman nose goby , is a species of goby that is native to fresh water rivers and streams of Queensland , Australia and the Laloki River drainage of New Guinea .
Hispaniachelys is an extinct genus of paracryptodire or basal testudines turtle known from southern Spain .
Tillandsia geissei is a plant species in the genus Tillandsia .
The Ogilvie Mountains collared lemming ( Dicrostonyx nunatakensis ) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae .
Conus sandwichensis , common name the Hawaiian cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Atomiscala islandica is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tofanellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Trichodes alvearius is a species of Soldier or Checkered beetle belonging to the family Cleridae , subfamily Clerinae .
Hylotelephium is a genus of family Crassulaceae .
The Autostichinae are a subfamily of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea .
Pyrgina umbilicata is a species of small , tropical , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Subulinidae , the `` awl snails '' .
Homalium longifolium ( locally known as petaling gajah ) is a species of plant in the Salicaceae family .
Lutzomyia is a genus of phlebotomine sand flies consisting of nearly 400 species , at least 33 of which have medical importance as vectors of human disease .
Coreopsis auriculata ( lobed tickseed or mouse - ear tickseed ) is a North American plant species of the sunflower family .
Gobiodon histrio , the Broad - barred goby , is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean from the Red sea to the western Pacific Ocean to southern Japan , Samoa and the Great Barrier Reef .
Diplodocinae is an extinct subfamily of diplodocid sauropods that existed from the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous of North America , Europe and South America , about 155 to 136.4 million years ago .
Halichoeres maculipinna ( common name clown wrasse ) is a species of tropical fish that lives throughout the Caribbean Sea and adjacent parts of the western Atlantic Ocean .
Aspasia silvana is a species of orchid , exclusively and endemic in the eastern Brazilian Serra do Mar mountains , from Rio de Janeiro to Bahia .
Anubias barteri var . glabra is a variety of A. barteri that was first described by N. E. Brown in 1901 .
Cherax holthuisi is a species of crayfish from the Bird 's Head Peninsula in New Guinea .
Phyllanthus urinaria , commonly called chamber bitter , gripeweed , shatterstone , stonebreaker or leafflower , is a herb species in the family Phyllanthaceae .
Entomophthoromycota is a fungus division .
Palaeoephippiorhynchus is an extinct genus of large stork from the Oligocene and Miocene .
Nassarius capensis , common name the Cape dogwhelk , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks .
The Ochteridae comprise a small family of insects .
Herpele is a genus of caecilians in the family Herpelidae .
Abrocoma is a genus of abrocomid rodents found in the Andes of South America , from southern Peru to central Chile .
Cryptantha roosiorum is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name bristlecone cryptantha .
Groenlandaspis ( `` Greenland Shield '' ) is an extinct genus of arthrodire from the Late Devonian .
Lichinomycetes are a class of ascomycete fungi .
Ceanothus oliganthus is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae known by the common name Hairy ceanothus , or Hairy - leaf Ceanothus .
Triplofusus giganteus , previously known as Pleuroploca gigantea , common name the Florida horse conch , is a species of extremely large predatory subtropical and tropical sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails , tulip snails and their allies .
Rhinosolea microlepidota is a species of sole native to the Pacific Ocean from around the Ryukyu Islands .
Crambeidae is a family of marine demosponges .
Omoiosicista is an extinct genus of dipodid rodent which existed in central Nei Mongol , China , during the early Miocene ( middle Burdigalian age ) .
Crossoloricaria variegata is a species of armored catfish native to Panama where it is found in the Mamoni , Tuira and Yape River basins and Colombia where it is found in the San Juan and Sinu River basins .
Erigeron tener is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name slender fleabane .
The Polynesian rat , or Pacific rat ( Rattus exulans ) , known to the Māori as kiore , is the third most widespread species of rat in the world behind the brown rat and black rat .
Liolaemus lorenzmuelleri , commonly known as Lorenz 's tree iguana , is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae .
Laccaria is a genus around 75 species of fungus found in both temperate and tropical regions of the world .
Boehmeria australis is a critically endangered large shrub species in the plant Urticaceae family .
Mimulus fremontii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Frémont 's monkeyflower .
Archegosaurus is a genus of temnospondyl amphibian which lived during the Asselian to Wuchiapingian stages of the Permian , around 299 - 253 million years ago .
Erica multiflora is a species of flowering plant ( angiosperms ) in the heather family , Ericaceae .
Jamesoniella is a genus of liverwort in family Jamesoniellaceae .
Platylytron amplipenne is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Platylytron .
Glaucopsyche , commonly called Blues , is a Nearctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae , found mainly in Palearctic Asia .
Australoricus oculatus is a species of Loricifera in the family Nanaloricidae , and the only species in the genus Australoricus .
Arius manillensis is a species of marine catfish endemic to the island of Luzon , Philippines .
Cuspivolva allynsmithi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae , the ovulids , cowry allies or false cowries .
Eosphargis is an extinct genus of sea turtles from the Eocene of Africa , Europe , and North America .
Pseudhipparion is an extinct genus of horse endemic to North America during the Miocene .
Suillus brevipes is a species of fungus in the family Suillaceae .
Prunus maritima , the beach plum , is a species of plum native to the East Coast of the United States , from Maine south to Maryland .
Sineleotris is a genus of freshwater sleepers native to eastern Asia , where found in Hainan , Hong Kong , Laos and Vietnam .
Timorichthys is a genus of viviparous brotulas so far known from the East China Sea and the Timor Sea .
Nyctosauridae ( meaning `` night lizards '' or `` bat lizards '' ) is a family of specialized soaring pterosaurs of the late Cretaceous Period of North America and , possibly , Europe .
Prunus tenella Batsch , dwarf Russian almond , is a species of deciduous shrubs in the genus Prunus , native to steppes of Eastern Europe and Western Siberia , as well as dry open sites of Caucasus , Western and Central Asia .
Hydrophilus acuminatus , common name Dark Diving Beetle , is a species of water scavenger beetles belonging to the Hydrophilidae family .
Caecilia antioquiaensis ( common name : Antioquia caecilian ) is a species of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family .
Pelasgus stymphalicus is a threatened species of small freshwater fish .
The crocodile icefish or white - blooded fish ( Channichthyidae ) comprise a family of notothenioid fishes found in the cold waters around Antarctica and southern South America .
Cladium californicum is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name California sawgrass .
Penicillium calidicanium is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in Taiwan .
Enoploceras is a Tainoceratid genus , a nautiloid cephalopod in the order Nautilida , known from Triassic sediments in Europe , India , Timor , and the state of Idaho .
Liarea hochstetteri hochstetteri is a subspecies of small air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Pupinidae .
Opsilia varentzovi is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family that can be found in Caucassus , Iran , and South Caucasus .
Megaoryzomys curioi , also known as the Galápagos Giant Rat , is an extinct species of sigmodontine rodent , known only from Santa Cruz Island in the Galápagos Islands .
Priamosia was formerly a genus of flowering plants in the Flacourtiaceae , consisting of one species of shrubs , Priamosia domingensis , which is native to the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
Calochortus nudus is a North American species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name naked mariposa lily .
Macropoma ( from Greek μακρός `` large '' + πόμα `` cover '' , after its large operculum ) is an extinct genus of coelacanth in the class Sarcopterygii .
Bulinus barthi is a species of small tropical freshwater snail with a sinistral shell , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ramshorn snails and their allies .
As the sporangia of Tortilicaulis are branched , cladistic analysis suggests that the genus may instead belong to the Horneophytopsida , a class of the polysporangiophytes , which unlike bryophytes , have branched stems bearing sporangia .
Trillium nivale is smaller than many of the other species in the genus , seldom reaching a height of more than 9 cm ( 3.5 in ) .
Harttia merevari is a species of armored catfish of the family endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Caura River .
Keckiella rothrockii is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Rothrock 's keckiella .
It consists of only one species , Xapamopa oxapampa , which is found in Peru .
Enchelurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Cenomanian to Campanian .
Conus gauguini , common name Gauguin 's cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Hymenodora glacialis is a species of pelagic shrimp in the Acanthephyridae family .
Phacelia californica is a species of phacelia known by the common names California phacelia and California scorpionweed .
Nemaglossa brevis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Nemaglossa .
Gobiocypris rarus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to China where it is only found near Jiuxiang in Sichuan province .
Carabus huangi is a species of black - coloured beetle from Carabidae family , that is endemic to Sichuan , China .
Palaeospheniscus patagonicus is the type species of the penguin genus Palaeospheniscus , which is known from fossils .
Lycosa narbonensis is a species of spiders in the family Lycosidae .
Gymnophryxe claripennis is a Nearctic species of tachinid flies in the genus Gymnophryxe of the family Tachinidae .
The Eucerini ( often called long - horned bees ) is the most diverse tribe in the family Apidae , with over 32 genera worldwide that were previously classified as members of the family Anthophoridae .
Skiffia is a genus of goodeid fish that contains four species , endemic to the Mesa Central area of Mexico .
Calliactis polypus is a species of sea anemone in the family Hormathiidae .
Metrodira subulata is a species of starfish in the family Echinasteridae .
Euchilichthys astatodon is a species of upside - down catfish native to Angola and the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the Kasai River drainage .
Streptomyces durmitorensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Durmitor National Park in Serbia and Montenegro .
Mitracarpus polycladus is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name cana gorda girdlepod .
Thysanocarpus laciniatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name mountain fringepod .
Cortinarius callisteus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Cortinariaceae .
Flindersicthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Albian stage of the Early Cretaceous epoch .
Protographium agesilaus neosilaus , the Short - lined Kite Swallowtail , is a subspecies of butterfly of the family Papilionidae .
Polycentrus schomburgkii , also known as the Guyana leaffish is a species of fish belonging to the Polycentridae family .
Phidippus richmani is a species of jumping spider ( Salticidae ) native to the United States .
Phyllomedusa venusta is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , found in Colombia and Panama .
Sparassis crispa is a species of fungus in the genus Sparassis .
Mahonia taronensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1923 .
Wellnhoferia is a genus of early prehistoric bird closely related to Archaeopteryx .
Quercus diversifolia is an uncommon North American species of oak native to Mexico .
Polyrhachis lucidula is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae , found in Cambodia , Myanmar , and China .
Rhodocyclus purpureus is a species of bacteria .
Artemisia frigida is a widespread species of flowering plant in the aster family , which is known as the sunflower family .
Sagartia elegans is a species of sea anemone in the family Sagartiidae .
Urosticte is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family , which is restricted to humid forests growing on Andean slopes in north - western South America .
The Oxalidaceae , or wood sorrel family , are a small family of eight genera of herbaceous plants , shrubs and small trees , with the great majority of the 900 species in the genus Oxalis ( wood sorrels ) .
Tealliocaris is an extinct genus of pygocephalomorphan from the Carboniferous .
Angadenia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1878 .
Xinghaiornis is an extinct genus of toothless basal ornithothoracine dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Yixian Formation ( Aptian stage ) of western Liaoning Province , northeastern China .
The Ascocorticiaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota , class Leotiomycetes .
Helioceratops is a genus of neoceratopsian dinosaur from the Middle Cretaceous of China .
Tassiliodus is an extinct genus of euselachian chondrichthyan known from the Early Devonian of southern Algeria .
Causus bilineatus is a venomous viper species endemic to south central Africa .
Galium virgatum , common name southwestern bedstraw , is a North American species of plants in the Rubiaceae .
Crataegus punctata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names dotted hawthorn or white haw that is native to most of the eastern U.S. and eastern Canada .
Pteris lydgatei is a rare fern species in the Pteridoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae .
Andinobates altobueyensis ( synonyms ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
Niesslia is a genus of fungi within the Niessliaceae family .
Drymophila is a bird genus in the antbird family ( Thamnophilidae ) .
Clematis paniculata ( In Māori : Puawhananga ) is one of seven species of clematis that is native to New Zealand .
Uca perplexa is a species of fiddler crab .
Amalocalyx is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae consisting of lianas often found clinging to trees .
Durvillaea antarctica , commonly known as cochayuyo , is a large , robust bull kelp species and the dominant seaweed in southern New Zealand and Chile .
Dupontia poweri is a species of small air - breathing land snail , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae , the hive snails .
Victaphanta compacta , common name the Otway black snail , is a species of carnivorous air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Rhytididae .
Memecylon myrtiforne is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family .
Hyloxalus maculosus ( spotted rocket frog ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family .
Arion vejdorskyi or Arion vejdowskyi is a taxon with unclear taxonomic position and probably a synonym for other species .
The Sula megapode or Sula scrubfowl ( Megapodius bernsteinii ) is a species of bird in the Megapodiidae family .
Boletellus emodensis , commonly known as the shaggy cap , is a species of fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Chlidonoptera lestoni is a species of praying mantis in the genus Chlidonoptera in the order Mantodea .
Claytonia palustris is a species of wildflower in the purslane family known by the common names Jonesville springbeauty and marsh claytonia .
Gautieria monticola is a species of hypogeal fungus in the family Gomphaceae .
Gallicolumba is a mid - sized genus of ground - dwelling doves ( family Columbidae ) which occur in rainforests on the Philippines , Indonesia , and in the Pacific region .
Bradinopyga geminata is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae known commonly as the granite ghost .
Silene coronaria is a species of flowering plant in the carnation family Caryophyllaceae , native to Asia and Europe .
Alloporus is a genus of giant millipedes that live in deserts .
Wikstroemia johnplewsii , common name Hiva Oa Ohelo , is a plant species endemic to the island of Hiva Oa in the Marquesas Islands , French Polynesia .
Mimulus leptaleus is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name slender monkeyflower .
Pittosporum patulum , referred to as pitpat particularly botanists , is a species of plant in the Pittosporaceae family endemic to the South Island of New Zealand .
Discolocrinus thieli is a species of sea lily , a crinoid in the family Bathycrinidae .
Serissa is a genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae , containing only one species , Serissa japonica .
Heteractis aurora , also known as the beaded sea anemone , aurora host anemone , sand anemone , carpet anemone , flat anemone , corn anemone , ritteri anemone , saddle tip anemone , adhesive sea anemone , and the white beaded anemone , is a species of sea anemone in the family Stichodactylidae .
Corythucha tuthilli is a little - known species of lace bug Tingidae native to Colorado and Arizona .
Orthetrum azureum is a freshwater dragonfly species , occurring on Madagascar .
Eltroplectris the Long - claw Orchid , is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae .
The Jalapan pine vole ( Microtus quasiater ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Agrobacterium tumefaciens ( updated scientific name Rhizobium radiobacter , synonym Agrobacterium radiobacter ) is the causal agent of crown gall disease ( the formation of tumours ) in over 140 species of eudicots .
Allograpta obliqua is a common North American species of hoverfly .
Percrocuta is an extinct genus of hyena - like feliform carnivores .
Mycena aurantiomarginata , commonly known as the golden - edge bonnet , is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae .
Hoplocorypha perplexa is a species of praying mantis found in Angola , Namibia , Tanzania , Zimbabwe and the Congo River area .
Gardenia gordonii is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family endemic to Fiji .
Phenacocoelus is an extinct genus of oreodont of the family Merycoidodontidae , subfamily Merycoidodontinae , endemic to North America during the Late Oligocene - Early Miocene subepochs ( 24.8 - -20.6 mya ) , existing for approximately 4.2 million years .
Rubus segnis is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family .
Anthracosauria is an order of extinct reptile - like amphibians that flourished during the Carboniferous and early Permian periods , although precisely which species are included depends on one 's definition of the taxon .
Taeniolethrinops laticeps is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it occurs over sandy substrates .
Arundinella is a widespread genus of plants in the grass family , common in many tropical and subtropical regions .
Crepis intermedia is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name limestone hawksbeard .
Wentletraps are small , often white , very high - spired , predatory or ectoparasitic sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Epitoniidae .
Datnioides is a genus of fish known commonly as the freshwater tripletails .
Streptocaulon is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1834 .
Proischnura polychromatica , the mauve bluet , is a small species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae .
Haustrum haustorium , common name : the brown or dark rock shell , is a large species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Acromyrmex pubescens is a species of New World ants of the subfamily Myrmicinae of the genus Acromyrmex .
It contains only one species , Atsusina curiosissima , which is found in Vietnam .
Siphonaria zelandica is a species of medium - sized air - breathing sea snail or false limpet , a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Siphonariidae , the false limpets .
Dugesia notogaea is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits freshwater bodies of north Queensland , Australia .
Hyalophysa clampi is a species of freshwater protist known as an apostome ciliate .
Helanthium tenellum is species of plants in the Alismataceae .
Quercus serrata ( Chinese : 枹栎 ; pinyin : bāolì ) is an East Asian species of tree in the beech family .
Zelkova serrata ( Japanese zelkova , Japanese elm or keyaki ; Japanese : 欅 ( ケヤキ ) keyaki /槻 ( ツキ ) tsuki ; Chinese : 榉树/櫸樹 jǔshù ; Korean : 느티나무 neutinamu ) is a species of flowering plant native to Japan , Korea , eastern China and Taiwan .
Aegilops columnaris ( syn . Triticum columnare ( Zhuk . ) Morris & Sears , comb . nov . ) is a species in the Poaceae family .
Moraea bituminosa is a species of the genus Moraea in family Iridaceae .
Xyletinus longitarsis is a species of beetles in the genus Xyletinus of the family Anobiidae .
Blastocystis is a genus of single - celled protozoan parasites belonging to a group of organisms known as the Stramenopiles ( also called Heterokonts ) that includes algae , diatoms , and water molds .
Parakuhlia macrophthalmus , the dara , is a species of grunt native to the Atlantic coast of Africa from Senegal to Angola .
Scolymus ( golden thistle or oyster thistle ) is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family , native to the Mediterranean region and western Europe north to northwestern France .
Cyanolyca is a genus of small jays found in humid highland forests in southern Mexico , Central America and the Andes in South America .
The Cucurbitaceae , also called cucurbits and the gourd family , are a plant family consisting of around a hundred genera , the most important of which are :
Hyalobagrus flavus is a species of bagrid catfish endemic to Indonesia where it is known only from the Batang Hari drainage in Sumatra and the Mentaya River basin in southern Borneo where it inhabits brown water habitats that are closely associated with blackwater peat swamps .
It contains only one species , Oiophassus nycterus , which was described from Shanwang Bed sw2 in the Linchu district , Shantung province in China , which is part of an Astaracian lacustrine sandstone / mudstone in the Shanwang Formation .
Penicillium albidum is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from volcanic soils in the south of Chile .
Decliniidae is a family of beetles in the large suborder Polyphaga .
Anisopeplus perplexa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Anisopeplus .
Papilio wilsoni belongs to a clade called the nireus species - group with 13 members .
Cyperus eragrostis is a species of sedge known by several common names , including tall flatsedge , nutgrass , tall nutgrass , umbrella sedge , chufa , Earth almond , zula nuts , edible galingale and pale galingale .
†Partula umbilicata was a species of air - breathing tropical land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae .
The daggertooths ( genus Anotopterus ) are a genus of aulopiform fish , the sole genus of the family Anotopteridae .
Unio turtoni is a species of medium - sized freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Haworthia cymbiformis is a species of the genus Haworthia in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , endemic to the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa .
Amietia vandijki ( Van Dijk 's river frog ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
Platyoides grandidieri is a spider species in the genus Platyoides found in Kenya , Madagascar , Aldabra and Réunion .
Otteissa sericea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Otteissa .
Allium flavescens is a Eurasian species of wild onion native to Bulgaria , Romania , Ukraine , European Russia , Western Siberia , Altay Krai , and Kazakhstan .
Scelophysa trimeni , commonly known as the blue monkey beetle , is a species of scarab beetles in the monkey beetle subfamily Rutelinae .
Ophthalmotilapia is a small genus of four cichlid species endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa .
Erigeron miser is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names starved daisy or starved fleabane .
The Delicate Dendrobium or Leopard Orchid ( Dendrobium gracilicaule ) is a species of orchid .
Alopecosa is a spider genus in the family Lycosidae ( wolf spiders ) , with about 140 species and several subspecies .
Callicarpa pedunculata is species of beautyberry native to Australia .
Apis mellifera iberiensis , or the Spanish bee ( commonly misspelled as iberica ) , is a Western honey bee subspecies native to the Iberian Peninsula .
It consists of only one species , Atrocenta centrata , which is found in Ecuador ( Tungurahua Province ) .
Trichomesosa bifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Trichomesosa .
Hemibagrus filamentus is a species of catfish endemic to Cambodia , Laos and Thailand , known only from Mekong River .
Hylarana hekouensis ( common name : Hekou frog ) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Otostylis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , native to South America and Trinidad .
Actinodaphne quinqueflora ( previously Litsea quinqueflora ) is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family .
Amanita roseotincta is a species of agaric fungus in the family Amanitaceae found in North America .
Carminatia is a genus of annual plants in the daisy family .
Helicarion rubicundus is a species of air - breathing land snail or semi - slug , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicarionidae .
Horkeliella is a small genus of two species of flowering plants in the rose family known as false horkelias .
Economidichthys is a genus of freshwater gobies endemic to Greece .
Maoricolpus finlayi is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Turritellidae .
Synodontis macropunctatus is a species of upside - down catfish endemic to Angola where it occurs in the Uamba River and in tributaries of the Luachimo River .
Luciogobius pallidus is a species of goby endemic to Japan where it is found in fresh , brackish and marine underground waters near the coasts .
Recchia simplicifolia is a species of plant in the family Surianaceae , endemic to Mexico .
Haliplus variegatus is a Palearctic species of water beetle in the Haliplidae family .
Yunkeracarus faini is a species of mite belonging to the family Gastronyssidae .
Sierra Nevada bighorn sheep ( Ovis canadensis sierrae ) is a genetically distinct subspecies of bighorn sheep unique to the Sierra Nevada mountains of California .
Panicum hirticaule is a species of grass known by the common names Mexican panicgrass and roughstalked witchgrass .
The San Marcos salamander ( Eurycea nana ) is a small species of aquatic , lungless salamander native to the United States , endemic to Spring Lake and a small region of the headwaters of the San Marcos River near Aquarena Springs , in Hays County , Texas .
Caprichthys gymnura , also known as the Rigid boxfish , is a species of deepwater boxfish native to the waters of the continental shelf off the western and southern coasts of Australia .
Chapareia pinima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Chapareia .
Rhizobium loessense is a root nodule bacteria , first isolated from nodules of Astragalus and Lespedeza species .
Phellinus sulphurascens is the Douglas - fir species of the fungus genus , Phellinus .
Ischnodemus variegatus is a species of insect in the order of true bugs known by the common name myakka bug .
Spinipterus acsi is a species of driftwood catfish known only from the Amazon River basin in Peru .
The Turkmenian kulan or Transcaspian wild ass ( Equus hemionus kulan ) , also called simply the kulan , is a subspecies of onager ( Asiatic wild ass ) native to Central Asia .
Kaokoxylon is an extinct Gondwanan genus of gymnosperm from the Permian and Triassic .
Melica paulsenii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Chile where it grows along the coastal cordillera at the elevation of 50 - -700 metres ( 160 - -2,300 ft ) .
Macrophycis ambrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Macrophycis .
Entomophthora is a fungal genus in the family Entomophthoraceae .
Monosporascus eutypoides is a species of fungus in the order Sordariales .
The Andean vesper mouse ( Calomys lepidus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Tridacna noae is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk , a giant clam in the genus Tridacnidae .
Phellodon tomentosus , commonly known as the zoned cork hydnum , is a species of tooth fungus in the family Bankeraceae .
Plawenia a genus of cavibelonian solenogasters , shell - less , worm - like , marine mollusks .
Phycis phycis , the Forkbeard , is a species of phycid hakes in the family Phycidae .
Drosera solaris is a species of sundew native to the highlands of Guyana .
Bulinus truncatus is a species of air - breathing freshwater snail with a sinistral shell , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails .
Trimezia fosteriana is a species of bulbous plant in the family Iridaceae .
The Gempylidae are a family of perciform fishes , commonly known as snake mackerels or escolars .
Anonychomyrma fornicata is a species of ant in the genus Anonychomyrma .
Miopelecanus is a fossil genus of pelicans , with the species M. gracilis , dating from the Early Miocene .
Zabrus poggii is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Syria .
Microcobitis misgurnoides is a species of loach endemic to Vietnam .
Phenacobius catostomus , commonly known as the riffle minnow , is a North American species of cyprinid freshwater fish .
Banksia oblongifolia , commonly known as the fern - leaved , dwarf banksia or rusty banksia , is a species in the plant genus Banksia .
Arachnoides tenuis is a species of sea urchin of the family Clypeasteridae .
Chorisops tibialis , the dull four - spined legionnaire , is a European species of soldier fly .
Daphnia nivalis is a species of water flea in the family Daphniidae , closely related to Daphnia carinata .
Oligoryzomys longicaudatus , also known as the long - tailed colilargo or long - tailed pygmy rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Oligoryzomys of the family Cricetidae .
Iracema caiana is a species of sand knifefish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Jauaperi River basin .
Leucocoprinus birnbaumii is a species of gilled mushroom in the family Agaricaceae .
Earina aestivalis is a species of orchid that is endemic to the North Island of New Zealand .
Penicillium guanacastense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from caterpillars from Costa Rica .
Megacephala epipleuralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Horn in 1923 .
Mahonia subimbricata is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1948 .
Malacoctenus gilli , the Dusky blenny , is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Atlantic Ocean including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea from the Bahamas to the north coast of South America .
Machaerium villosum , the Jacarandá - do - Cerrado , Jacarandá - Pardo , Jacarandá - Paulista , or Jacarandá - Pedra , is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family .
Macropanax dispermus is a species of plant of family Araliaceae .
Energosuchus ( meaning `` active crocodile '' in Greek ) is an extinct genus of rauisuchian .
Mahidolia mystacina ( the flagfin prawn goby , flagfin shrimpgoby or smiling goby ) is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean from Delagoa Bay , Mozambique to the Society Islands and from southern Japan to Samoa and northern Australia .
Mimulus evanescens is a rare species of monkeyflower known by the common name disappearing monkeyflower .
Solidago ouachitensis is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common name Ouachita Mountain goldenrod .
Hintonia latiflora is a plant species in the genus Hintonia .
Wenupteryx is an extinct genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur known from the Late Jurassic ( Tithonian stage ) Vaca Muerta Formation of Neuquén Province , southern Argentina .
Haworthia pungens is a species of flowering succulent plant from the Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
Graphopsocus cruciatus is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family .
Carabus stscheglowi is a species of ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that can be found in Russia and Ukraine .
Trematosauridae are a family of large temnospondyl amphibians with many members .
Indirana phrynoderma is a species of frog found in the Anaimalai Hills , a part of the Western Ghats of India .
Dorudon ( `` Spear - Tooth '' ) is a genus of extinct basilosaurid ancient whales that lived alongside Basilosaurus 40.4 to 33.9 million years ago , in the Eocene .
Ancylonotus tribulus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Ancylonotus .
Conoidea is a superfamily of predatory sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks within the suborder Hypsogastropoda .
Owen introduced the genus Megalania to accommodate the species Megalania prisca .
Alitta succinea ( known as the pile worm or clam worm ) is a species of marine annelid in the family Nereididae ( commonly known as ragworms or sandworms ) .
Minyobates steyermarki ( formerly Dendrobates steyermarki ) is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae endemic to Cerro Yapacana in southern Venezuela .
Fire ant is the common name for several species of ants in the genus Solenopsis .
Etielloides sejunctella is a species of snout moth in the genus Etielloides .
The Delmarva fox squirrel ( Sciurus niger cinereus ) is no longer an endangered subspecies of the fox squirrel .
Calochortus pulchellus is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name Mt.
Arctostaphylos stanfordiana , with the common name Stanford 's manzanita , is a species of manzanita that is endemic to northern California .
Antennaria lanata is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name woolly pussytoes .
Labidochromis ianthinus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known to occur around the Mbenji Islands .
Procambarus erythrops , the Santa Fe cave crayfish , is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae .
Dapidodigma is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae . The two species are found in the Afrotropic ecozone .
Dacodraco hunteri is a species of crocodile icefish native to the Southern Ocean at depths of from 300 to 800 metres ( 980 to 2,620 ft ) .
Syringodea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae , first described as a genus in 1873 .
Leptotyphlops diaplocius , or the Common Peru blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Mimulus congdonii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Congdon 's monkeyflower .
Drosera gigantea , the giant sundew , is an erect perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia .
Arabidopsis arenicola , common name Arctic rock - cress , is a plant species native to the northeastern part of North America .
Maoricrypta monoxyla is a species of small sea snail or slipper snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae .
Bourbonia bifasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Bourbonia .
Micrasterias furcata is a species of freshwater single - celled desmid .
Dovyalis is a genus of shrubs and small trees .
Leptonectes is a genus of ichthyosaur that lived in the Late Triassic to Early Jurassic ( Rhaetian - Pliensbachian ) .
Kitchinganomodon is a genus of dicynodont from Late Permian ( Wuchiapingian ) of South Africa .
Conocybe siligineoides , also known as cone caps , Ya'nte , Ta'a'ya , or Tamu , is a species of macro - fungus in the family Bolbitiaceae .
Malva verticillata , also known as the Chinese mallow or cluster mallow , is a species of the mallow genus Malva in the family of Malvaceae found in East Asia .
Friginatica conjuncta is a species of small deepwater sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Naticidae .
Ringiculidae are a family of minute deep water sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia .
Zabrus inflatus is a species of ground beetle in the Iberozabrus subgenus that can be found in France and Spain .
Lithospermum bejariense is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name western marbleseed .
Rhaphipteroides apicalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Rhaphipteroides .
Triodanis is a genus of flowering plants within the family Campanulaceae , native to North and South America .
Silene seelyi is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Seely 's catchfly and Seely 's silene .
Platyglanis depierrei is the only species in the genus Platyglanis of the catfish ( order Siluriformes ) family Claroteidae .
Ecsenius pictus , known commonly as the White - lined comb - tooth in Indonesia and the Pictus blenny in Micronesia , is a species of combtooth blenny family Blenniidae .
Myelois circumvoluta , the thistle ermine , is a small moth species of the family Pyralidae .
Nebria dolicapax is a species of ground beetle from Nebriinae family that is endemic to China .
Physaria bellii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names Bell 's twinpod and Front Range twinpod .
Heteroponera carinifrons is a species of ant in the genus Heteroponera , endemic to Chile .
Tydemania navigatoris , the Fleshy - lipped spikefish , is a species of spikefish native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans where it occurs at depths of from 50 to 607 metres ( 164 to 1,991 ft ) .
Chazara staudingeri is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae .
Melica virgata , is a grass species in the Poaceae family that can be found in China , Mongolia and Russia ( Siberia ) .
Heteropoda dagmarae is a large species of spider in the Sparassidae family .
Helianthemum scoparium , recently renamed Crocanthemum scoparium , is a species of rockrose which is endemic to California .
Neoclinus okazakii is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in rocky reefs around Japan , in the northwestern Pacific ocean .
Atriplex lentiformis ( Quail bush , big saltbrush , big saltbush , quailbrush , lenscale , len - scale saltbush and white thistle ) is a species of saltbush .
Chilecebus carrascoensis is an extinct species of New World monkey that lived in what is now Chile during the Early Miocene some 20 million years ago .
Laccosperma is a clustering genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in tropical Africa .
Juncus bryoides is a species of rush known by the common names moss rush and mosslike dwarf rush .
Streptomyces beijiangensis is a psychrotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Beijiang from the Xin Jiang Province in China .
Cobaea pringlei is a species of flowering perennial plant of the Polemoniaceae family , native to Mexico .
Barkeria , abbreviated Bark in horticultural trade , is a genus of orchids .
Conus praecellens , common name the admirable cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Scolichthys is a genus of poeciliid fishes endemic to Guatemala .
Luperus longicornis is a species of skeletonizing leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae , subfamily Galerucinae .
Hydrangea dumicola is a species of Hydrangea flower , native to China .
Cirsium longistylum , called Long - style thistle , is a North American species of plants in the thistle tribe within the sunflower family .
Leptarthrus brevirostris is a species of robber - fly found throughout Europe .
Pearson 's slender - legged tree frog , Osteocephalus pearsoni , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Bolivia , Brazil , and Peru .
Mesacanthus ( ' middle spine ' ) is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish from early Devonian Scotland .
Salicornia is a genus of succulent , halophyte ( salt tolerant ) flowering plants in the family Amaranthaceae that grow in salt marshes , on beaches , and among mangroves .
Philodendron pinnatifidum , the comb - leaf philodendron , is a species of flowering plant in the Araceae .
Trypanosoma brucei is a species of parasitic protozoan blonging to the genus Trypanosoma .
Scleranthus , the knawels , are a genus of herbaceous plants in the carnation family .
Sphaerexochus is a genus of trilobite from the Middle Ordovician to Late Silurian ( 468.1 to 418.7 Ma ) of Asia , Australia , Europe , and North America .
Cacophis churchilli is a species of elapid snake .
Tsagantegia ( /ˌsɑːɡɑːnˈteɪɡiə/ ; meaning `` of Tsagan - Teg '' ; Tumanova , 1993 ) is a genus of medium - sized ankylosaurid dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous Mongolia , during the Cenomanian stage .
Anoplotrupes stercorosus is a species of earth - boring dung beetles belonging to the family Geotrupidae subfamily Geotrupinae .
Clanculus ater , common name the topsnail , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Scarthyla goinorum ( commonly known as Tarauaca snouted treefrog ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Holosteum umbellatum , the jagged chickweed , is a species of flowering plant in the Caryophyllaceae family .
Centaurea eriophora is a species of Centaurea found in Spain in Los Alcores , Litoral onubense , Campiña Baja , Campiña Alta , Portugal ( Algarve ) , and North Africa .
Boronia megastigma is a species of shrub in the citrus family known by the common name brown boronia .
Utricularia amethystina , the Florida purple bladderwort , is a variable species of terrestrial bladderwort native to Bolivia , Brazil , Guyana , Peru , and south - east Florida .
This suborder is paraphyletic in relation to the Pterodactyloidea , which arose from within the Rhamphorhynchoidea , not from a more distant common ancestor .
Synodontis guttatus is a species of upside - down catfish native to the Niger River basin of Niger and Nigeria .
Zygosignata is a genus of moths belonging to the family Tineidae .
Diloma nigerrima , common name the bluish top shell , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk , in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Cicurina madla is a rare species of spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Madla Cave meshweaver .
Compsospiza is a genus of South American birds known as mountain finches ( a name shared with several other species such as Poospiza caesar and Leucosticte ) .
Meiacanthus grammistes ( the striped blenny , striped fang blenny , grammistes blenny , line - spot harptail blenny or striped poison - fang blenny ) is a species of combtooth blenny from the western Pacific Ocean .
Ixiolirion is a genus of flowering plants native to central and southwest Asia , first described as a genus in 1821 .
Cactobrosis insignatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Cactobrosis .
Chaudhuria is a genus of spineless eels native to Southeast Asia .
Arctosa tbilisiensis is a wolf spider species in the genus Arctosa found in Europe ( Bulgaria , Greece to Georgia ) .
It consists of only one species , Pyloetis mimosae , which is found in Asia , including Japan and Taiwan .
Dionaea flavisquamis is a European species of fly in the family Tachinidae .
The only described species Pseudoplexippus unicus is endemic to Tanzania .
Schizomida ( common name shorttailed whipscorpion ) is an order of arachnids , generally less than 5 millimetres ( 0.20 in ) in length .
Pronycticebus was a genus of adapiformes primates that lived during the middle to middle late Eocene .
Trichosirocalus is a genus of true weevil , native to the Old World , placed alternatively in the subfamily Ceutorhynchinae or in the tribe Ceutorhynchini of the subfamily Baridinae .
†Opisthonematidae is an extinct family of paleozoic gastropod mollusks .
Quercus conspersa is a Mesoamerican species of oak tree in the beech family .
Synchiropus rubrovinctus is a species of dragonet native to the western Pacific where it has been found around Japan , New Caledonia and Hawaii .
Branchiosauridae is an extinct family of temnospondyl amphibians .
Hexapodidae is a family of crabs , the only family in the superfamily Hexapodoidea .
Holothuria forskali , the black sea cucumber or cotton - spinner , is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae .
Philochortus zolii is a species of lacertid lizard in the family Lacertidae .
Eohupehsuchus is a genus of extinct hupehsuchian diapsids from the Lower Triassic of China .
Encyclia fehlingii is a species of orchid that was named for Gladys Fehling who lived on Andros Island in the Bahamas and spent much of her time searching for the orchids of the area and growing them for her own pleasure .
Leptotyphlops macrolepis , or the Big - scaled blind snake , is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family .
Zabrus foveipennis is a species of ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey .
Kitchingnathus ( Kitchings ' mandible ) is an extinct genus of basal procolophonid parareptile from Early Triassic ( early Olenekian stage ) deposits of Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
Thoracica is a superorder of crustaceans which contains the most familiar species of barnacles found on rocky coasts , such as Semibalanus balanoides and Chthamalus stellatus .
The genus Geomys contains nine species of pocket gophers often collectively referred to as the eastern pocket gophers .
Gibberula ramsi is a species of very small sea snail , a marine gastropod micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae .
Trifolium medium , the zigzag clover , is a flowering plant species in the bean family Fabaceae .
Erica urna - viridis ( the Sticky Heath or Bottle - green Heath ) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town , South Africa , in particular the Peninsula Sandstone Fynbos of Table Mountain .
Phyllorhinichthys balushkini is a species of dreamer found in the Atlantic Ocean .
Cephalaralia cephalobotrys is a species of epiphytic vine of the family Araliaceae , endemic to Australia .
Nepomorpha is an infraorder of insects in the `` true bug '' order ( Hemiptera ) .
Phaedyma is a genus of Asian butterflies distributed from India to New Guinea and the Bismarck Archipelago .
Megalagrion xanthomelas ( orangeblack Hawaiian damselfly ) is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae that is endemic to Hawaii .
Syringodium filiforme , commonly known as manatee grass , is a species of marine seagrass .
Pristiapogon is a genus of cardinalfishes native to the Indian and Pacific oceans .
Mycobacterium arosiense is a newly described species of Mycobacterium .
Ichthyophis khumhzi , the Khumhzi striped ichthyophis , is a species of caecilian found in India .
Carruanthus is a genus of flowering plants from the ice plant family Aizoaceae .
Eupsophus is a genus of frogs in the Alsodidae family .
Onoba aculeus , common name the pointed cingula , is a species of minute sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Rissoidae .
The shining tree iguana , Liolaemus nitidus , is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family .
Pediomelum californicum is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name California Indian breadroot .
Erinus alpinus ( fairy foxglove , starflower , alpine balsam , liver balsam ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Plantaginaceae , native to Central and Southern Europe .
However , in December of that year , Cheng , Zhao , and Xu published an official description using the name Chaoyangsaurus youngi , and as the first name for this genus that is not a nomen nudum , it has official priority over all other spellings that have been used .
Bolinopsis infundibulum , the common northern comb jelly , is a species of comb jelly in the family Bolinopsidae .
Pyrophorus punctatissimus is a species of click beetle ( family Elateridae ) .
Dipteryx is a genus containing nine species of shrubs and trees .
Parahepialus nebulosus is a species of moth of the family Hepialidae .
Olivaichthys mesembrinus is a species of velvet catfish endemic to Argentina where it is found in the Chubut and Senguer River basins .
Seychellum alluaudi is a species of freshwater crab endemic to the Seychelles , and the only true freshwater crab in that country .
Eresus sandaliatus is a species of spider found primarily in northern and central Europe .
The Russian tortoise ( Agrionemys horsfieldii ) , also commonly known as Horsfield 's tortoise or the Central Asian tortoise , is a species of tortoise and a popular pet .
Cicurina rhodiensis is a spider species found in Rhodes .
Lophophora is a genus of spineless , button - like cacti native to the southwestern United States ( Texas and New Mexico ) through Northeast Mexico and South to Querétaro in central Mexico .
Blepharipappus is a North American plant genus in the daisy family containing the single known species Blepharipappus scaber , known by the common name rough eyelash , or rough eyelashweed .
Cissus anisophylla is a plant species known from lowland rainforests of Panamá , Colombia , Chiapas , Brazil , Perú , Costa Rica and Ecuador .
Schistura montana is a species of stone loach endemic to Himachal Pradesh , India .
Penicillium implicatum is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which causes postharvest rot on pomegranate .
The umbilicate pebblesnail , scientific name Clappia umbilicata , was a species of small freshwater snail that had an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae .
Tidestromia is a genus with about six or seven species of annual or subshrub perennial plants native to desert and semi - arid regions of the western United States , Mexico and tropical America in the family Amaranthaceae .
Gnathothlibus collardi was described as a species , but by combining barcodes , morphology and a nuclear marker , research has shown that it is actually an F1 hybrid between two closely related species .
Ipomoea hederifolia is a species of herbaceous annual vine native to the Americas .
Zonitidae , common name the true glass snails , are a family of mostly rather small , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Zonitoidea .
Conophytum elegans is a succulent plant species in the genus Conophytum .
Lobophytum is a genus of soft corals commonly known as devil 's hand corals or devil 's hand leather corals .
Vectisuchus is a genus of goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian , known from the Early Cretaceous - age Wealden Group of the Isle of Wight , England .
Pyrgulopsis castaicensis is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Veronica derwentiana ( Derwent speedwell ) is a flowering plant species of the family Plantaginaceae , endemic to south - eastern Australia .
Melica serrana , is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Cerro de las Ánimas , Uruguay and southern South America .
Uropeltis broughami , commonly known as Brougham 's earth snake or the Sirumallay Uropeltis , is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae .
Tremellodendropsis tuberosa , commonly known as the ashen coral , is a species of coral fungus in the family Tremellodendropsidaceae .
Homalometron pallidum is a species of marine fluke in the class Trematoda .
It contains a single genus , Diopisthoporus , containing the following species :
Tangasauridae is a family of eosuchian diapsids .
Compsognathidae is a family of small carnivorous dinosaurs , generally conservative in form , from the Jurassic and Cretaceous Periods .
Tatankaceratops was described by Christopher J. Ott and Peter L. Larson in 2010 and the type species is Tatankaceratops sacrisonorum .
Campanula scabrella is a species of bellflower known by the common name rough bellflower .
Rehderodendron macrocarpum is a species of flowering plant in the family Styracaceae , native to southwestern China ( Guangxi , Sichuan , Yunnan ) and northern Vietnam , where it grows at altitudes of 1,000 - -1,500 m. It is threatened by habitat loss .
Nemoptera bipennis is a species of slow flying insect in the family Nemopteridae or spoonwings .
Macroplea pubipennis is a species of leaf beetle of the subfamily Donaciinae that is endemic to Finland .
Delphastus pusillus is a small ladybird beetle which preys on all species and stages of whitefly , but prefers eggs and nymphs .
Megateuthis gigantea is the largest known belemnite species .
Paracentrotus lividus is a species of sea urchin in the family Parechinidae commonly known as the purple sea urchin .
Synclera traducalis , the variegated pearl , is a species of moth in the Crambidae family .
Nebria germari is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Austria , Germany , Italy , Liechtenstein , Switzerland , and in every state of former Yugoslavia , except for Republic of Macedonia .
Danionella is a genus of danionin fish found in freshwater habitats in Myanmar and West Bengal , India .
Helcystogramma is a genus of moths in the family Gelechiidae .
Opsilia schurmanni is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family that is endemic to Republic of Macedonia .
Wahlenbergia roxburghii ( Roxburgh bellflower or dwarf cabbage tree ) is an extinct member of a group of four species of Wahlenbergia once known from the island of Saint Helena , in the South Atlantic Ocean .
Eleocharis vivipara is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by several common names , including umbrella hairgrass , sprouting spikerush , and viviparous spikerush .
Kritosaurus is an incompletely known genus of hadrosaurid ( duck - billed ) dinosaur .
Pennisetum purpureum , also known as Napier grass , elephant grass or Uganda grass , is a species of perennial tropical grass native to the African grasslands .
Chilobrycon deuterodon is a species of characin endemic to Peru , where it is found in the Tumbes River .
Monanthes muralis is a species in the genus Monanthes , forming small , succulent bushes with green flowers .
Brachionus is a genus of planktonic rotifers occurring in freshwater , alkaline and brackish water .
Typhlops microstomus , or the Yucatán blind snake , is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family .
Esperia oliviella is a species of gelechioid moth from Europe and the Near East .
Eria is a large genus of orchids with more than 500 species distributed in China , the Himalayas , the Indian Subcontinent , Southeast Asia , New Guinea , Polynesia , Melanesia and Micronesia .
The genus Cacalia L. is a nomen rejiciendum ( rejected name ) under the International Code of Nomenclature for algae , fungi , and plants .
Atherion is a small genus of silversides .
Streptomyces althioticus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil . Streptomyces althioticus produces althiomycin
The Paddyfield Parasol , ( Neurothemis intermedia ) is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae .
Bornella anguilla is a species of sea slug , a nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bornellidae .
Anthaster valvulatus is a species of sea star in the family Orestieridae .
Chilabothrus chrysogaster , commonly known as the Turks Island boa or the Southern Bahamas boa , is a species of snake found in the Southern Bahamas ( Inagua , Crooked Island and Acklins ) and the Turks and Caicos Islands .
Allium flavidum is an Asian species of onions native to Xinjiang , Altay Krai , Mongolia and Kazakhstan .
Recilia acuminatus is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India .
Gerbera jamesonii is a species of flowering plant in the genus Gerbera .
Echinomastus erectocentrus is a species of cactus known by the common names redspine fishhook cactus , redspine butterfly cactus , acuña cactus , needle - spine pineapple cactus , red pineapple cactus , and purple - spine viznagita .
Papilio microps is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Ethiopia and Somalia .
Cirsium loncholepis is a rare species of thistle known by the common name La Graciosa thistle .
Ubristes is a genus of hoverflies , with 61 known species .
Streptomyces albiaxialis is a halotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from an oil field in Russia .
Hemiphragmoceratidae is a family of endogastrically brevconic oncocerids characterized by elaborately visored apertures in which the hyponomic sinus in mature specimens is on a spout - like process and there may be lateral and dorsal salients .
Palaeorhincodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric whale shark from the Paleocene and Eocene of Africa and North America .
Paedophryne amauensis is a species of frog from Papua New Guinea discovered in August 2009 and formally described in January 2012 .
Lentipes whittenorum is a species of goby endemic to marine , brackish and fresh waters of Indonesia .
Benedictia maxima is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Lithoglyphidae .
Helicocranchia is a genus of glass squids including Helicocranchia papillata , Helicocranchia pfefferi , and Helicocranchia joubini
Santalum ellipticum , commonly known as ʻIliahialoʻe ( Hawaiian ) or coastal sandalwood , is a species of flowering plant in the European mistletoe family , Santalaceae , that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands .
Podoliacanthus is an extinct genus of Acanthodii ( `` spiky sharks '' ) which existed in what is now Greenland and Ukraine during the early Devonian period .
Raorchestes coonoorensis , also known as the Coonore bushfrog or Coonoor bush frog , is a species of frog endemic to the Western Ghats , India .
Chriacus is an extinct genus of prehistoric mammal which lived in North America around 63 million years ago .
Abies beshanzuensis ( Baishanzu fir , Baishan fir ) is a species of fir ( genus Abies ) in the family Pinaceae .
Notogramma cactipeodes is a species of ulidiid or picture - winged fly in the genus Notogramma of the family Tephritidae .
Amphiesma khasiense , commonly known as the Khasi Hills keelback , is a species of colubrid snake endemic to southeastern Asia .
Leptospermum scoparium , commonly called mānuka , manuka myrtle , New Zealand teatree , broom tea - tree , or just tea tree , is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family Myrtaceae , native to southeast Australia and New Zealand .
Turbonilla ornata , common name the ornate turbonilla , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae , the pyrams and their allies .
Novaculichthys taeniourus ( rockmover , dragon , or reindeer wrasse ) is a species of wrasse mainly found in coral reefs and lagoons in the Indo - Pacific region .
Acharagma is a genus of two small cactus species from northern Mexico .
Leiostyla cassida is a species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Lauriidae .
Fruticicola fruticum is a species of medium - sized , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Bradybaenidae .
Myromexocentrus tibialis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Myromexocentrus .
Lambdotherium ( `` Wave Beast '' ) is a genus of North American brontothere .
Pareiasaurs ( meaning `` cheek lizards '' ) are an extinct group of anapsid reptiles classified in the family Pareiasauridae .
Veronica bullii ( syn . Besseya bullii ) is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common names kittentails and Bull 's coraldrops .
Kingsnakes are colubrid snakes , members of the genus Lampropeltis , which include milk snakes and four other species .
Pristiterebra tuberculosa , common name : the tuberculate auger , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae , the auger snails .
Velezia rigida is a species of flowering plant in the pink family .
It contains only one known species , Colebrookea oppositifolia , native to India , Pakistan , Nepal , Bhutan , Assam , Bangladesh , Myanmar , Thailand and Yunnan .
The Ili pika ( Ochotona iliensis ) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae , endemic to northwest China .
Natica fulminea , common name the lightning moon snail , is a species of predatory sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae , the moon snails .
Lilium maritimum is a species of lily known by the common name coast lily .
Barbeyella minutissima is a slime mould species of the order Echinosteliales , and the only species of the genus Barbeyella .
Chrysophtharta bimaculata is a species of leaf beetle , family Chrysomelidae .
Coptobrycon bilineatus is a species of characin endemic to Brazil , where it is found in the upper Tietê River basin .
It contains a single species , Rhoiptelea chiliantha , commonly known as the horsetail tree .
Hydriastele microcarpa ( formerly Gulubia microcarpa ) is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family .
Nymphonidae is a family of sea spiders which has representatives in all the oceans .
The Famatina tuco - tuco ( Ctenomys famosus ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae .
Antilleptostylus nigricans is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae , and the only species in the genus Antilleptostylus .
Microtralia ovulum is a species of minute air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae , the salt marsh snails .
Conus sanguinolentus , common name the blood - stained cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Bashkyroleter is an extinct genus of nycteroleterid parareptile which existed in European Russia during the middle Permian period .
Thymus mastichina is a species in the Lamiaceae family .
Boulenger 's Dasia , Dasia subcaeruleum , is a species of tree skink endemic to the Western Ghats in south India .
Creonpyge is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae . The genus is monotypic containing the single species Creonpyge creon ( Druce , 1874 ) found in Costa Rica and Colombia
Viviparus bermondianus is a species of a freshwater snail with gills and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae , the apple snails .
Chrysolina suffriani is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family , inhabits in Sardinia , Corsica .
Aulacophora approximata is a species of leaf beetle in the genus Aulacophora that was discovered by Baly in 1886 .
Palaeoscolex is the type genus of the Palaeoscolecid worms , and serves as something of a bucket taxon .
Atriplex fruticulosa is a species of saltbush known by the common names ball saltbush and little oak orach .
Cybaeus abchasicus is a spider species found in Turkey , Georgia and Russia
Temnocora candida , the Bigeye snailfish , is a species of snailfish native to the far northern Pacific Ocean where it is found at depths of from 64 to 400 metres ( 210 to 1,312 ft ) .
Penicillium coffeae is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the plant Coffea arabica L. in Hawaii .
Anisopodus melzeri is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Gilmour in 1965 .
Lilium pomponium ( Turban lily ) is a European species of lily native to France , Spain , and Italy .
Ouratea is a genus of flowering plants in the wild plane family ( Ochnaceae ) .
Arene stellata is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod in the family Areneidae .
Clitoria is a genus of insect - pollinated flowering plants .
Eremiasaurus is a genus of mosasaurine mosasaur from the Maastrichtian ( Late Cretaceous ) phosphates of Morocco .
Augustynolophus is an extinct genus of saurolophine hadrosaur dinosaur which was discovered in the Moreno Formation in California , dating to the late Maastrichtian age .
Idiosepius pygmaeus , also known as the Two - toned Pygmy Squid , is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo - Pacific .
Aurorachelys gaffneyi is an extinct species of turtle which existed in Canada during the late Cretaceous period , and the only species in the genus Aurorachelys .
Ectoconus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivorous mammal of the family Periptychidae , endemic to North America during the Early Paleocene subepochs ( 66 - -63.3 mya ) existing for approximately 2.7 million years .
Syringa pubescens is a species of flowering plant in the lilac genus of the family Oleaceae , native to Korea and China ( Gansu , Hebei , Henan , Hubei , Jilin , Liaoning , Ningxia , Qinghai , Shaanxi , Shandong , Shanxi , Sichuan ) .
Haplomitrium dentatum is a species of liverwort from India .
Cyrtocarenum is a trapdoor spider genus .
However , similarities between the dental morphology of Nuralagus and Eurasian members of the extinct genus Alilepus have led to speculation that Alilepus is closely related to and , possibly , the ancestor of Nuralagus .
Carcha undulatalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Carcha .
Protopolybia chartergoides , also known as Pseudochartergus chartergoides , is a species of wasp within the genus Protopolybia .
Bornetella nitida is a species of marine algae in the Dasycladaceae family .
Tylenchidae is a family of nematodes containing the following subfamilies and genera :
Bathysauroides gigas , the pale deepsea lizardfish , is the only species in the family Bathysauroididae .
Acastopyge is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida , which existed in what is now Poland .
Priapulida ( priapulid worms or penis worms , from Gr . πριάπος , priāpos ' Priapus ' + Lat . -ul- , diminutive ) is a phylum of marine worms .
The Pseudogaudryinidae is a family of Late Cretaceous to recent benthic aggultinated Foraminifera included in the Textulariida .
Lobatus costatus , commonly known as the milk conch , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Cucurbita lundelliana is a mesophyte plant species of the genus Cucurbita .
Prodesmodon is an extinct genus of prehistoric salamander first described from the Lance Formation .
Nebria gyllenhali is a black - coloured species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Canada , Latvia , Russia , and the United States .
Parasybrodiboma sikkimensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Parasybrodiboma .
Helianthella californica is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name California helianthella .
Kaloula verrucosa , the verrucous digging frog or Chinese narrowmouth toad , is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family .
Amana erythronioides ( formerly Tulipa erythronioides ) is an East Asian species of flowering plant in the lily family , native to China ( Anhui , Zhejiang ) and Japan ( Musashi , Ise ) .
Trichocentrum pumilum is a species of orchid found from Brazil to northeastern Argentina .
Rhabdoderma is an extinct genus of coelacanth fish in the class Sarcopterygii .
Stomatia phymotis , common name the swollen stomatella , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Chenopodium fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name Frémont 's goosefoot .
Oeceoclades flavescens is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to northeastern Madagascar .
Rhinocyllus is a small genus of true weevil , with about 4 species described .
Amyema congener , commonly known as the variable mistletoe , is a species of flowering plant , an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae from eastern Australia .
Hemistomia gemma is a species of minute freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae .
Flaveria linearis , narrowleaf yellowtops , is a North American plant species of yellowtops within the sunflower family .
Philodromus praedatus is a spider species found in Europe , Russia and Azerbaijan .
Myodocarpus angustialatus is a threatened species of plant in the Myodocarpaceae family .
Garrya is a genus of flowering plants in the family Garryaceae , native to Mexico , the western United States , Central America and the Greater Antilles .
Ampelocissus barbata is a species of liana in the grape family Vitaceae .
The Chiropsalmidae are a family of venomous box jellyfish within class Cubozoa .
Rhagio is a worldwide genus of predatory snipe flies .
Galerucella lineola is a species of leaf beetle in the family Chrysomelidae .
Arthromyces is a genus of fungi in the Lyophyllaceae family .
Spilogona falleni is a species of fly which is distributed across many parts the Palaearctic .
The Lycoteuthidae are a family of squid comprising four known genera in two subfamilies .
The Campaniloidea is a superfamily of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks .
Quercus hintonii is an rare Mexican species of tree in the beech family .
The De Witte 's snout - burrower ( Hemisus wittei ) is a species of frog in the Hemisotidae family , found in Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia .
It contains only one species , Histiovalva fortunata , which is found in Guinea .
The type species is Kakuru kujani .
Acanthomintha duttonii is a species of annual plant endemic to San Mateo County , California in the Lamiaceae family .
Liriomyza eupatoriella is a species of leaf miner , the larva of a fly , in the family Agromyzidae .
Odostomiinae , Odostomia snails and their allies , is a taxonomic subfamily of minute parasitic sea snails .
Praeacedes atomosella is a moth of the Tineidae family and only species in the Praeacedes genus .
The Negros fruit dove ( Ptilinopus arcanus ) is a species of bird in the pigeon and dove family , Columbidae .
Nessovbaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Upper Cretaceous of Mongolia .
Liobagrus formosanus is a species of catfish in the Amblycipitidae family ( the torrent catfishes ) endemic to Taiwan .
Algarolutra is an extinct endemic genus of otter from the Pleistocene of Corsica and Sardinia .
Chondrilla juncea is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by a number of common names , including rush skeletonweed , gum succory , devil 's grass , and nakedweed .
Chiasognathus is a genus of stag beetles found in Argentina and Chile .
The Beryciformes are an order of ray - finned fishes , a poorly understood group of seven families .
Medinilla beamanii is a species in the genus Medinilla belonging to the Melastomataceae family .
Aspasmodes briggsi is a species of clingfish native to the Seychelles .
Coccomyxa is a genus of green algae , in the family Coccomyxaceae .
Litothamnus is a genus of Brazilian flowering plants in the snakeroot tribe within the sunflower family .
Micrommata is a genus of huntsman spiders with palaearctic distribution ( other than M. darlingi , occurring in South Africa ) .
The Paria whitestart ( Myioborus pariae ) , also known as the yellow - faced whitestart , is a species of bird in the Parulidae family .
Zabrus constrictus is a species of ground beetle in the Platyzabrus subgenus that is endemic to Spain .
Amphisphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Amphisphaeriaceae .
Myrmecia analis is a species of the Myrmecia genus .
Kalanchoe rhombopilosa is a succulent plant species in the Crassulaceae family .
Anacyclus ciliatus , the ciliated German pellitory , is a species of pellitory that is endemic to Azerbaijan .
Catathelasma evanescens is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family , and the type species of the genus Catathelasma .
Talbotia elegans is the sole species in the monotypic genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants , Talbotia .
The Aganainae are a small subfamily of moths in the Erebidae family .
Medusafishes are a family , Centrolophidae , of perciform fishes .
Keckiella lemmonii ( formerly Penstemon lemmonii ) is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name Lemmon 's keckiella .
Pantherophis is a proposed genus of nonvenomous colubrid snakes endemic to North America and Central America , commonly called ratsnakes or rat snakes .
The Clytrini are a tribe within the leaf beetle subfamily Cryptocephalinae , though historically they were often treated as a distinct subfamily , Clytrinae .
Stillingia linearifolia is a species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name queen's - root .
Aprasia aurita , also called the mallee worm - lizard , is a species of lizard in the Pygopodidae family endemic to Australia ; and listed on Schedule 1 under the Commonwealth 's Endangered Species Protection Act .
Pseudovates peruviana , common name Peruvian stick mantis , is a medium - sized species of praying mantis native to South America .
Chionanthus pygmaeus is a rare species of flowering plant in the olive family known by the common name pygmy fringetree .
Trichomycterus argos is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil , where it occurs in the Rio Doce basin , situated in the Serra do Brigadeiro range , Minas Gerais .
Cynoglossus capensis , commonly known as the Sand tonguesole is a species of tonguefish .
Paralaudakia is a genus of lizards , commonly known as Asian rock agamas , which are endemic to Eurasia .
Phemeranthus calcaricus , the limestone fameflower , is a species of flowering plant in the family Montiaceae .
Zabrus seidlitzi is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Spain .
Tetramorium smaug is a species of myrmicine ant native to Ambatovy , Amber Mountain National Park , and Ivohibe in Madagascar .
It contains only one species , Cubotinea orghidani , which is found on Cuba .
Bembradium is a genus of deep - water flatheads native to the Pacific Ocean .
Argopecten purpuratus , common names the `` Peruvian scallop '' , is an edible species of saltwater clam , a scallop , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Pectinidae , the scallops .
Histriasaurus ( HIS - tree - ah - SAWR - us ) ( meaning `` Istria lizard '' ) was a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous ( Hauterivian to Barremian stages , around 130 million years ago ) .
Chilobrachys jingzhao , commonly known as Chinese earth tiger tarantula or Chinese fawn tarantula , is a species of venomous tarantulas belonging to a family of Theraphosidae .
Borichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric , ray finned bony fish .
Thioalkalimicrobium aerophilum is an obligately alkaliphilic and obligately chemolithoautotrophic sulfur - oxidizing bacteria , the type species of its genus .
Procyclotosaurus is an extinct genus of stenotosaurid capitosaurian temnospondyl .
Sphoeroides is a genus of pufferfishes .
Silene spaldingii is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Spalding 's silene , Spalding 's catchfly and Spalding 's campion .
Phragmipedium klotzschianum is a species of orchid found from southeastern Venezuela to Guyana and northern Brazil .
Rhamnus purshiana ( cascara buckthorn , cascara , bearberry , and in the Chinook Jargon , chittem and chitticum ; syn . Frangula purshiana , Rhamnus purshianus ) is a species of buckthorn native to western North America from southern British Columbia south to central California , and eastward to northwestern Montana .
Cicindela puritana , commonly referred to as the Puritan tiger beetle , is a federally listed threatened species of beetle in the United States .
Navarretia jaredii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names mitrefruit pincushionplant and Paso Robles navarretia .
Restrepia schizosepala is a species of orchid endemic to northeastern Ecuador .
Rubus suus is an uncommon North American species of brambles in the rose family .
Mentzelia springeri is a species of flowering plant in the family Loasaceae known by the common name Santa Fe blazingstar .
The grass Tuctoria mucronata , which is known by several common names including prickly spiralgrass , Solano grass , and Crampton 's tuctoria , is a federally listed endangered plant species endemic to two counties in northern California .
Bidens micrantha is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name grassland beggarticks .
The Eleonora cockatoo , Cacatua galerita eleonora , also known as medium sulphur - crested cockatoo , is similar in appearance to other subspecies of the sulphur - crested cockatoo .
Ormia depleta , sometimes called the Brazilian red - eyed fly , is a species of fly in the family Tachinidae .
Anigozanthos humilis is a species of Anigozanthos in the family Haemodoraceae , known as common cat 's paw or catspaw .
Cervus elaphus acoronatus is an extinct subspecies of deer belonging to the family Cervidae .
Archegozetes longisetosus is a species of tropical moss mite in the family Trhypochthoniidae .
Hoplosuchus is a genus of crocodylomorph .
Hydroporus is a genus of water beetle native to the Palearctic ( including Europe ) , the Nearctic , the Near East , and North Africa .
Lisserpeton is an extinct genus of prehistoric amphibian of the Hell Creek Formation .
Carex multicaulis is a species of sedge known by the common name manystem sedge .
Large odorous frog , Odorrana graminea , is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Allosyncarpia ternata , commonly known as An - binik , is a species of rainforest trees constituting part of the botanical family Myrtaceae and included in the Eucalypts group .
Taterillus is a genus of gerbils , containing the following species :
Atlantosaurus ( meaning `` Atlas lizard '' ) is a dubious genus of sauropod dinosaur .
Rodgersia aesculifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Saxifragaceae , native to northern China .
Oenopota laticostulata is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae .
Girardinus falcatus is a species of Cuban tropical fish .
Phylloporus rhodoxanthus , commonly known as the gilled bolete , is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family .
The Central American least shrew ( Cryptotis orophila ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Nocticolidae is a small family in the order Blattodea ( cockroaches ) .
Labeobarbus cardozoi is a species of cyprinid fish found in the Congo Democratic Republic and Angola in Africa .
Adrianites is an extinct genus of the Adrianitidae family .
The California least tern , Sternula antillarum browni , is a subspecies of least tern that breeds primarily in bays of the Pacific Ocean within a very limited range of Southern California , in San Francisco Bay and in and extreme northern Mexico .
Arctostaphylos glauca is a species of manzanita known by the common name bigberry manzanita .
Phyllodactylus angelensis is a species of lizard , or more precisely gecko , that is in genus Phyllodactylus ( or leaf - toed geckos ) .
Ionactis linariifolia also known as the flax - leaf ankle - aster , flaxleaf whitetop or simply aster is a North American species of plants in the daisy family .
Hainald 's rat ( Rattus hainaldi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Bivalvia , in previous centuries referred to as the Lamellibranchiata and Pelecypoda , is a class of marine and freshwater molluscs that have laterally compressed bodies enclosed by a shell consisting of two hinged parts .
Eucalyptocrinites is an extinct genus of crinoid that lived from the Silurian to the Middle Devonian .
Chironius laurenti is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake found in Brazil and Bolivia .
Buenellus higginsi is the only known species in the genus Buenellus ( i.e. , the genus is monotypic ) .
Myrmecia brevinoda is a species of bull ant which is only native to Australia .
Rhynchelmis is the genus of 30 species of aquatic oligochaetes from the Northern Hemisphere , with 11 species from North America and 19 from Eurasia .
Quercus hemisphaerica ( sand laurel oak , laurel oak , Darlington oak , laurel - leaf oak ) is a species of oak native to the southeastern and south - central United States , from Texas to Delaware .
Leucocythere helenae is a species of crustacean in the family Limnocytheridae .
Myotis aurascens , known commonly as the steppe whiskered bat , is a species of mouse - eared bat .
Neopetrosia is a genus of marine petrosiid sponges .
Schoenocrambe argillacea ( syn . Hesperidanthus argillaceus ) is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names clay reed - mustard , Uinta Basin plainsmustard , and clay thelypody .
Coenobita cavipes is a species of land hermit crab native to the eastern parts of Africa , the Philippines , China , Japan , Malaysia , Taiwan , Polynesia , and Micronesia .
Adiposphaerion rubrum is a species of longhorn beetle in the Elaphidiini subfamily , the only species in the genus Adiposphaerion which was described my Martins and Napp in 1992 .
Eriogonum latifolium is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common names seaside buckwheat and coast buckwheat .
Nannamoria is a small taxonomic genus of small - sized sea snails , predatory marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutidae , the volutes .
Zabrus validus is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece .
Fleurydora is a genus of plant in family Ochnaceae .
Persoonia laurina was one of five species described by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon in his 1805 work Synopsis Plantarum , from material collected by John White in 1793 and 1794 .
Aspidelaps is a genus of venomous elapid snakes found in Africa .
Mexipyrgus carranzae is a species of very small freshwater snail , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Cochliopidae .
Pedetes surdaster was recognised by Matthee and Robinson in 1997 as a species distinct from the southern African spring hare ( Pedetes capensis ) .
The Bakır shemaya ( Alburnus attalus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Alburnus .
Jaltomata procumbens ( creeping false holly ) is a plant species native to Arizona , USA , Mexico , Central America , Colombia , Ecuador , and Venezuela .
The Spotted Catasetum ( Catasetum maculatum ) is a species of orchid found from Central America to Venezuela .
Trichodesmium , also called sea sawdust , is a genus of filamentous cyanobacteria .
Drosanthemum ( `` dewflowers '' ) is a genus of succulent plants in the ice plant family native to the winter - rainfall regions of southern Africa .
Kazacharthra is an extinct order of branchiopod crustaceans that appear to be closely related to the living order Notostraca ( the tadpole shrimp ) .
Panagaeus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Holarctic ( including Europe ) , the Near East , and North Africa .
Protostelium okumukumu is a species of Protostelium .
Trycherus kinduensis is a species of beetle from the Endomychidae family .
Nesodes insularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Nesodes .
Colostethus agilis is a species of frog in the family Dendrobatidae .
The sole species is Octomeles sumatrana .
Ivesia aperta is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common name Sierra Valley mousetail .
Trachycorystes cratensis is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the state of Ceará in the Granjeiro River basin .
Indotriplophysa choprai is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Indotriplophysa .
Melica patagonica is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to South America .
Scotinotylus alienus is a species of sheet weaver found in Alaska , Canada and Russia .
It contains only one known species , Rhododon ciliatus , the Texas sandmint endemic to the State of Texas in the United States .
Oeceoclades analavelensis is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to southwestern Madagascar .
Dendrobates is a genus of poison dart frogs native to Central and South America .
Habenaria macroceratitis ( big - horn bog orchid or long - horned false rein orchid ) is a species of orchid closely related to H. quinqueseta and often mistaken for it .
The Pel 's fishing owl ( Scotopelia peli ) is a large species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Gibbestoloides compacta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Gibbestoloides .
Chilocorus bipustulatus , the heather ladybird , is a beetle species belonging to the family Coccinellidae , subfamily Chilocorinae .
Micropterix cypriensis is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae , and was first described by John Heath in 1985 from specimens collected in Cyprus .
Mexipedium is a monotypic genus of the Orchid family Orchidaceae , subfamily Cypripedioideae , consisting of only one species , Mexipedium xerophyticum .
Longitarsus eminus is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family that can be found everywhere in Europe ( except Portugal ) .
Erigeron radicatus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Hooker 's fleabane and taproot fleabane The species grows in central Canada ( Alberta , Saskatchewan ) and parts of the north - central United States , primarily the northern Rocky Mountains and the Black Hills .
Astrophytum caput - medusae is an species of cactus native to the Americas .
Glyphyalinia pecki is a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Zonitidae .
Zorotypus absonus is an extinct species of insect in the genus Zorotypus .
Ophiuridae are a large family of brittle stars of the suborder Ophiurina .
Bridled Bent - toed Gecko , Cyrtodactylus fraenatus , also known as Sri Lanka Bent - toed Gecko , is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Chamaelirium is a genus of flowering plants containing the single species Chamaelirium luteum , commonly known as Blazing - Star , Devil 's Bit , False Unicorn , Fairy Wand , and Helonias .
Acyperas aurantiacella is a species of snout moth in the genus Acyperas .
Bothriodon is an extinct genus of anthracotheriid artiodactyl from the late Eocene of Asia , Europe , and North America .
Schiedea attenuata is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Kalalau schiedea .
Hymenochirus feae , also known as Gaboon Dwarf Clawed Frog , is a species of frog in the Pipidae family .
Shaw 's jird , Meriones shawi , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Dacryopinax is a genus of fungi in the Dacrymycetaceae family .
Angraecum implicatum is a species of orchid found in Réunion and Madagascar .
Melica amethystina is a grass species in the grass family that can be found in southern Europe .
Quercus uxoris is an uncommon Mexican species of trees in the beech family .
Agonum impressum is a species of ground beetles in the Platyninae subfamily .
Haplochromis worthingtoni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kyoga in Uganda .
Ercolania felina is a minute black species of sacoglossan or sap - sucking sea slug .
Lycoteuthis lorigera is a species of squid in the genus Lycoteuthis .
Arge cyanocrocea , the bramble sawfly , is a species belonging to the family Argidae subfamily Arginae .
Leiomitra julacea is a species of liverwort endemic to New Zealand .
Allium phariense is an Asian species of wild onion native to mountainous areas of Bhutan , Sichuan , and Tibet .
Coryphagrion grandis is a species of damselfly found in coastal forests and on the lower slopes of the Eastern Arc Mountains in Kenya , Tanzania and Mozambique .
Bufonaria echinata , the spiny frog shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bursidae , the frog shells .
Circaeaster agrestis is a flowering plant species and one of only one to two species in its family , the Circaeasteraceae .
Quercus pungens , commonly known as the sandpaper oak or scrub oak , is a North American species evergreen or sub - evergreen shrub or small tree in the white oak group .
Archimantis latistyla , commonly known as the large brown mantis ( also known as the stick mantis or Australian mantis ) is a species of mantid native to Australia .
Recently , researches have shown that species once considered to be Macrognathus aral in Sri Lanka , is actually a separate species , Macrognathus pentophthalmos .
Coturnicops is a genus of bird in the rail family .
Ergalatax contracta , common name : the Contracted Rock Shell , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Pissodes is a genus of weevils described by Ernst Friedrich Germar in 1817 .
Triunia is a genus of medium to tall shrubs or small trees found as understorey plants in rainforests of eastern Australia .
Pleuropogon is a genus of Arctic and North American plants in the grass family known generally as semaphore grass .
Damasonium alisma is a species of flowering marsh plant known by the common name of starfruit .
Astragalus curtipes is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Morro milkvetch .
Howellia aquatilis ( water howellia ) is a small plant in the family Campanulaceae and is considered to a threatened species since 1994 .
The phylogenetic and genotypic analysis shows that Methylobacillus pratensis is a novel species of the genus Methylobacillus .
Galaxea fascicularis is a species of colonial stony coral in the family Oculinidae , commonly known as octopus coral , fluorescence grass coral , galaxy coral among various vernacular names .
The Scophthalmidae are a family of flatfish found in the North Atlantic Ocean , Baltic Sea , Mediterranean Sea , and Black Sea .
Streptomyces eurythermus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Cuanza in Angola .
The Pink Heelsplitter ( Potamilus alatus ) is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , commonly known as the river mussels .
Papilio delalandei is a member of the dardanus species - group .
Sinusonasus is a genus of dinosaurs from the Early Cretaceous Period , recovered from the Yixian Formation .
Ligusticum apiifolium is a species of plant in the carrot family known by the common names celery - leafed lovage and celery - leaf licorice - root .
Sirenia ( commonly referred to as sea cows ) are an order of fully aquatic , herbivorous mammals that inhabit swamps , rivers , estuaries , marine wetlands , and coastal marine waters .
Heliopsis decumbens is a rare South American species of flowering plant in the family sunflower family .
Salacca ramosiana is a species of palm in the genus Salacca .
Cnemosioma innominata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Cnemosioma .
Cibaomyces is an agaric fungal genus found in China , Japan , France , and Germany in forests containing Fagaceae .
Eschmeyer nexus is a species of cofish known only from the Pacific Ocean from near Fiji where it is found at depths of from 27 to 43 metres ( 89 to 141 ft ) .
Neurachne , commonly called mulga grass , is a genus of Australian plants in the grass family .
Xylosteus a genus of beetles of the Staphylinidae family , Lepturinae subfamily .
It contains the single species Achroosia nuda , which is found in Brazil ( Espiritu Santo ) .
Tagetes campanulata is a South American species of plants in the sunflower family .
Epilepia melanobrunnea is a species of snout moth in the genus Epilepia .
Scleria afroreflexa is a species of flowering plant in the family Cyperaceae family .
The Cinchoneae are a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family containing about 125 species in 9 genera .
Carsidaridae is a bug family in the superfamily Psylloidea .
Amelanchier australis is a plant species native to Mexico and New Mexico .
Guildfordia triumphans , common name the triumphant star turban , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae , the turban snails .
Camposiellina sulfureopicta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Camposiellina .
Geosmithia morbida is a species of anamorphic fungus that causes thousand cankers disease in species of walnut trees ( Juglans spp . )
Titanopsis is a genus of about 10 species of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae , indigenous to the arid regions of South Africa and Namibia .
Lechriodus melanopyga , the Wokan Cannibal Frog , is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family .
Campaea honoraria , known commonly as the embellished thorn , is a species of moth in the Geometridae family .
Ichthyophis is a genus of caecilians ( limbless amphibians , sometimes called the Asian caecilians ) found in Southeast Asia , the southern Philippines , and the western Indo - Australian Archipelago .
Ilex brachyphylla is a type of Holly - a species of plant in the Aquifoliaceae family .
Genidens is a genus of sea catfishes found along the Atlantic coast of South America .
Littorina sitkana is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae , the winkles .
Acidimicrobium is a genus of Actinobacteria , given its own subclass ( Acidimicrobidae ) .
Metriopelia is a genus of ground doves containing four species that live in the dry , upland habitats along the Andean mountain chain in South America .
The first Cassin 's sparrow was described in 1852 by Samuel W. Woodhouse from a specimen collected near San Antonio , Texas , and given its species name in honor of John Cassin , a Philadelphia ornithologist .
Hollowaya is a genus of tiger moths in the Erebidae family and is strictly endemic for New Caledonia .
Neofabricia is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the Myrtaceae family , first described as a genus in 1788 , with the name Fabricia .
Catathelasma imperiale is a large species of mushroom in the Tricholomataceae family .
It contains only one species , Syngeneta sordida , which is found in Tanzania .
Arixeniidae is a family of earwigs ; it is the only family in the suborder Arixeniina ( one of the four suborders of the order Dermaptera ) .
Coluber vittacaudatus is a species of snake found in Darjeeling , India .
Inocybe salicis is an uncommon species of fungus found in association with willow in Europe .
In taxonomy , Treubaria is a genus of green algae , specifically of the Treubariaceae .
Tiliacora triandra is a species of flowering plant native to mainland Southeast Asia and used particularly in the cuisines of northeast Thailand and Laos .
Abralia grimpei is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod known from the western North Atlantic Ocean , including the West Indies and the Sargasso Sea .
Haliotis kamtschatkana , common name the northern abalone or pinto abalone , is a species of large sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae , the abalones .
Eoborus fusiforme is a fossil species of air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strophocheilidae , from the Paleocene deposits of the Itaboraí Basin , in the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Omiodes telegrapha , the telegraphic hedyleptan moth , is a species of moth in the Crambidae family .
The clade Sauria was traditionally a suborder for lizards which originally ( before 1800 ) comprised crocodilians too .
Aboriginella is an extinct genus of brachiopod found in Aksayan to Batyrbaian strata in Kazakhstan .
Melanochromis dialeptos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from rocky habitats near Masinje .
Belonopelta is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae .
Bathymophila is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Solariellidae .
Euonymus pendulus ( syn . E. lucidus D.Don ) is a species of Euonymus native to the Himalaya region , from Pakistan east to northern Assam .
Plateosaurus ( probably meaning `` broad lizard '' , often mistranslated as `` flat lizard '' ) is a genus of plateosaurid dinosaur that lived during the Late Triassic period , around 214 to 204 million years ago , in what is now Central and Northern Europe .
Cardiograptus is a genus of graptolite , which is easily recognised even when poorly preserved by the form of the thecae .
Anacanthobatis is a genus of smooth skates native to the Indian , Atlantic and Pacific oceans .
Wild rice ( also called Canada rice , Indian rice , and water oats ) are four species of grasses forming the genus Zizania , and the grain that can be harvested from them .
Hedleya macleayi is a species of land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pupinidae and the superfamily Cyclophoridae .
Millettia nitida is a legume species in the genus Millettia .
Plectranthias is a genus of rather small serranid fishes with large mouths and eyes close together .
Langloisia setosissima ( bristly langloisia , bristly - calico , Great Basin langloisia or lilac sunbonnets ) is a flowering plant , the sole species in the genus Langloisia in the family Polemoniaceae .
Cindarella is genus of trilobite - like Cambrian arthropod known from the Chengjiang biota of China .
Blethisa is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic .
Mesobuthus eupeus is a polymorphic scorpion species belonging to the well - known family Buthidae .
Actinotocarcinus is an extinct genus of crab .
Arenocoris fallenii is a herbivorous species of True Bug in the family Coreidae .
Ralfsia verrucosa is a species of crustose brown seaweed in the family Ralfsiaceae .
Pterocryptis furnessi is a species of catfish in the Siluridae family ( the sheatfishes ) endemic to Malaysia , where it occurs in the Niah and Baram river basins in Sarawak , on the island of Borneo .
Xerocomus subtomentosus , commonly known as suede bolete , brown and yellow bolet , boring brown bolete or yellow - cracked bolete , is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae .
Calomeria is a plant genus in the dandelion family .
Xenasmatella is a genus of corticioid fungi in the order Polyporales .
Octodontotherium is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae , endemic to South America during the Oligocene - Miocene .
Amphitherium is an extinct genus of holotherian mammal that lived during the Middle Jurassic period .
Turbo argyrostomus , common name the silver - mouthed turban , is a species of sea snail , marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae .
Progradungula otwayensis , commonly known as the odd - clawed spider , is a species of cribellate spider endemic to the Great Otway National Park of Victoria , Australia .
Brachysternaster chesheri is a species of sea urchins of the Family Paleopneustina incertae sedis B. Their armour is covered with spines .
Pseudochazara lydia ( Staudinger 1878 ) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family .
Hylocharis is a genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family .
Gadilida is an order of very small tusk shells , marine scaphopod molluscs .
Atriplex plebeja is a species of plant in the Chenopodiaceae family .
Malinae ( incorrectly Pyrinae ) is the name for the apple subtribe in the rose family , Rosaceae .
Plagiobothrys mollis is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name soft popcornflower .
Rodgersia pinnata is a species of flowering plant in the family Saxifragaceae , native to the Sichuan and Yunnan provinces of China .
Oberea curtilineata is a species of longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea , discovered by Pic in 1915 .
Pitcairnia aurea is a plant species in the genus Pitcairnia .
The Halfmoon picassofish species is often also named Halfmoon triggerfish .
Dendrochirus is a genus of scorpionfishes that are mostly known as dwarf lionfishes .
Taxillus kaempferi ( Chinese : 小叶钝果寄生 xiao ye dun guo ji sheng ) is a parasitic plant species in the genus Taxillus found in China ( Anhui , Fujian , W Hubei , S Jiangxi , Sichuan , S Zhejiang ) , Bhutan and Japan .
Xyliphius kryptos is a species of banjo catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Lake Maracaibo basin .
Phalium areola , common name the checkerboard bonnet , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Cassinae , within the family Cassidae the helmet and bonnet shells .
Chrysobrycon is a genus of characins endemic to South America .
Rostanga aliusrubens is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Discodorididae .
The Seram friarbird ( Philemon subcorniculatus ) , also known as the grey - necked friarbird , Ceram friarbird , grey - necked honeyeater and gray - necked honeyeater , is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family .
Prosopis kuntzei ( synonym Prosopis casadensis ) is a South American leguminous tree species that inhabits the westernmost Gran Chaco forests covering areas of Argentina , Bolivia , and Paraguay , where it acts as natural component .
Yaverlandia is a genus of theropod dinosaur .
Nassa francolina , common name : the Francolina Jopas , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae , the nassa mud snails .
Austrolittorina unifasciata , common name the banded periwinkle , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
Sphaerotheca maskeyi is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Nepal and possibly Bhutan and India .
Aethes biscana , the reddish aethes , is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae .
Persicaria hydropiperoides is a New World species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names swamp smartweed and false waterpepper .
Rangaeris is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family , Orchidaceae , naive to sub - Saharan Africa .
The genus consists of the single species Styletoctopus annae , which lived approximately 95 million years ago .
Sclerotium cepivorum is the asexual reproductive form of Stromatinia cepivora and is a plant pathogen , causing white rot in Allium species , particularly onions , leeks , and garlic .
Rhagoletis ochraspis is a species of tephritid or fruit fly in the genus Rhagoletis of the family Tephritidae .
Begonia nelumbiifolia is a species of flowering plant in the Begoniaceae family .
The family Dimeroceratidae was established for the genus Dimeroceras which was previously included in the Cheiloceratidae in the Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology Part L , but differing from the similar subglublar to thickly lentiuclar Cheiloceras in having a large lateral lobe and the umbilical lobe outside the umbilucus .
Uropeltis dindigalensis , commonly known as the Sirumalai Hills earth snake or the Dindigul Uropeltis , is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae .
Chicoreus maurus , common name the Maurus murex , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Mutilla europaea is a species of parasitoid wasp belonging to the family Mutillidae .
Pteris tripartita is a species of fern native to Africa , Indonesia , and the Marquesas .
Dipodium is a genus of about 25 species of orchids native to tropical , subtropical and temperate regions of south - east Asia , New Guinea , the Pacific Islands and Australia .
Christianoconcha quintalia is a species of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Punctidae , the dot snails .
Neocorestheta baloghi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Neocorestheta .
The Pelagornithidae , commonly called pelagornithids , pseudodontorns , bony - toothed birds , false - toothed birds or pseudotooth birds , are a prehistoric family of large seabirds .
Crenicichla is a genus of cichlids native to South America commonly known as the Pike cichlids .
Nephelomys pirrensis , also known as the Mount Pirre rice rat , is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae .
Scirpus pendulus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names pendulous bulrush , rufous bulrush , and nodding bulrush .
Ophiogomphus howei , the pygmy snaketail , is a species of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae .
Aethalochroa insignis , common name Indian stick mantis , is a species of praying mantis found in India that was originally identified as a variety of A. ashmoliana .
Hiekeia pedunculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Hiekeia .
Encephalartos pterogonus is a species of cycad that is native to Mount Mruwere ( Monte Urueri ) and adjacent mountains in the Manica province of Mozambique .
Lophyra is a genus of predatory beetles in the family Carabidae capable of flight .
Garra notata , the Tenasserim garra , is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Garra .
Paralcidion bilineatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Paralcidion .
Ryuthela nishihirai is a species of spider in the family Liphistiidae .
The Wyoming ground squirrel ( Urocitellus elegans ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Lysimachia punctata , the dotted loosestrife , large yellow loosestrife or spotted loosestrife , is a plant species in the genus Lysimachia .
Algrizea is a genus in the plant family Myrtaceae first described as a genus in 2006 .
Hypselodoris iacula is a species of very colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae .
The Guatemala plateau frog ( Rana macroglossa ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family .
Acanthocalyx delavayi is a small perennial plant species that grows in stony ground .
Hemerocallis citrina , common names citron daylily and long yellow day lily , is a species of herbaceous perennial plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae .
Rhododendron veitchianum is a rhododendron species native to Burma , Thailand , and Laos , where it grows at altitudes of 900 - 2400 meters .
Agave gracilipes , common names Maguey de pastizal or Slimfoot Century Plant , is a plant species native to western Texas , southern New Mexico and Chihuahua .
Tessaria is a genus of South American plants in the stinkwort tribe within the daisy family .
Mertensophryne usambarae ( common name : Usambara forest toad ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Calliandra angustifolia is a small , riparian tree species of the Amazon Basin .
Allosaurus ( /ˌæləˈsɔːrəs/ ) is a genus of large theropod dinosaur that lived 155 to 150 million years ago during the late Jurassic period ( Kimmeridgian to early Tithonian ) .
Rubia cordifolia , often known as common madder or Indian madder , is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family , Rubiaceae .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Spororminula tenerifae .
Spathiopterygidae is an extinct family of wasp .
Discoteuthis discus is a species of squid in the family Cycloteuthidae .
Estaingia bilobata is a species of trilobite from the lower Cambrian period .
Psathyrotes ramosissima is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name velvet turtleback , or turtleback .
Dendronephthya klunzingeri is a species of soft coral in the family Nephtheidae .
The Solomons white ibis or Solomon Islands white ibis ( Threskiornis molucca pygmaeus ) , known locally as the tagoa , is a distinct , dwarf subspecies of the Australian white ibis .
Proteroiulus hispanus is a species of millipede in the genus Proteroiulus .
Apollonias barbujana , the canary laurel or barbusano , is perhaps the only species of flowering plants belonging to the Apollonias genus , in the laurel family , Lauraceae .
Mesolambdolophus is an extinct genus of small odd - toed ungulate known from the Bridgerian North American Stage ( late Early to early Middle Eocene ) of Wyoming , USA .
Boerhavia coccinea is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family which is known by many common names , including scarlet spiderling , red boerhavia , hogweed , and in Spanish , hierba del cancer and hierba de la hormiga .
Chamaecyparis lawsoniana , known as Port Orford cedar or Lawson cypress , is a species of conifer in the genus Chamaecyparis , family Cupressaceae , native to Oregon and California .
Mezium affine is a species of beetle in the family Anobiidae .
Corumbataia is a genus of armored catfishes native to South America where they are only known from Brazil .
Madia sativa , known by the common names coast tarweed and Chilean tarweed , is a species of flowering plant in the aster family found in parts of western North and South America .
Conus virgatus , common name the virgate Panama cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae , the cone snails and their allies .
Astragalus falcatus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names Russian milkvetch , sickle milkvetch , sicklepod milkvetch , and silverleaf milkvetch .
Scotinotylus alpinus is a species of sheet weaver found in Canada , Greenland , Mongolia , Russia and the United States .
Obutobea chrysophora is a species of snout moth , and the only species in the genus Obutobea .
Nemamyxine is a genus of hagfish .
Longodus is an extinct genus of thelodont , placed in its own family --
Pilumnus hirtellus , the bristly crab or hairy crab , is a species of European crab .
Neuroglossum is a genus of marine red algae .
Acropyga glaesaria is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae known from a group of possibly Miocene fossils found on Hispaniola .
Cherninia is an extinct genus of mastodonsauroid temnospondyl .
Cudonigera houstonana , the juniper budworm moth , is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family .
Galium circaezans , common name licorice bedstraw , is a plant species in the Rubiaceae .
Anisomeles , with common name catmint , is a genus of herbaceous plants of the family Lamiaceae first described in 1810 .
Limonium arborescens is a species of sea lavender known by the common name tree limonium and siempreviva .
Brahmaea japonica , the Japanese owl moth , is a species of moth of the Brahmaeidae family .
Herpele squalostoma is a species of amphibian in the Herpelidae family .
Sphingobacteriia , Kämpfer 2011 , is a taxonomic class composed of a single order of environmental bacteria that are capable of producing sphingolipids .
Daruma sagamia is a species of sculpin native to the Pacific Ocean waters around Japan .
There are many species in the plant genus Cynoglossum ( /ˌsɪnoʊˈɡlɒsəm , ˌsaɪ- , -nə-/ ) .
Evorthodus is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic coast from Chesapeake Bay , USA , to northern South America and along the Pacific coast of Panama and Ecuador .
Kurixalus naso ( common names : uphill tree frog , long - snouted treefrog , Annandale 's high altitude frog ) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family .
Houstonia acerosa , the New Mexico bluet or needleleaf bluet , is a plant species native to Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , Tamaulipas , San Luis Potosí , Texas and New Mexico .
The Egyptian weasel ( Mustela subpalmata ) is a species of weasel that lives in northern Egypt .
This is a monotypic genus , containing the single species Fluminicola bipolaris .
Gracilidris humiloides is an extinct species of ant in the genus Gracilidris .
Wyethia longicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Humboldt mule 's ears .
Burnupia ingae is a species of minute freshwater snail or limpet , an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusk that is traditionally placed in the family Planorbidae , the ram 's horn snails and their allies .
Lomatium erythrocarpum , known by the common name redfruit desertparsley , is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family .
Indognorimus costipennis is a species of scarab beetle in the family of Cetoniinae .
Idotea is a genus of isopod crustaceans , mostly from cold temperate waters .
Jan Kobow ( born 1966 ) is a German classical tenor in concert , Lied , and Baroque opera .
Gabriela Eibenová is a Czech soprano in opera and concert , specializing in music of the Baroque and classical period in historically informed performance .
José Sosa Esquivel ( March 22 , 1923 in Santiago de Querétaro , Querétaro -- June 15 , 1968 in Tampico , Mexico ) was a Mexican tenor .
Antonietta Meneghel ( 27 June 1893 -- 26 January 1975 ) , better known by her stage name Toti Dal Monte , was a celebrated Italian operatic soprano .
Aile Asszonyi ( born 22 July 1975 in Väike - Maarja ) is an Estonian soprano lirico - spinto who has an active career as an opera and concert singer .
Audrey Mildmay ( 19 December 1900 -- 31 May 1953 ) was an English and Canadian soprano and co - founder , with her husband , John Christie , of Glyndebourne Festival Opera .
Gerd Nienstedt ( 10 July 1932 -- 14 August 1993 ) was a German and Austrian opera singer , bass and bass - baritone .
Ada Cherry Kearton ( born Ada Forrest ; 17 July 1877 -- 19 January 1966 ) was a South African classical soprano who sang in concert and oratorio .
Thomas Davis Cunningham ( May 7 , 1916 -- June 19 , 1984 ) was an American tenor who had prominent career in operas , musicals , concerts , and on television from 1949 through 1973 .
Christiane Karg ( born 6 August 1980 in FeuchtwangenGermany ) is a soprano opera singer .
Eduard Haken ( 22 March 1910 -- 12 January 1996 , Prague ) was a Czech operatic bass who had a lengthy career at the National Theatre in Prague during the 20th century .
Vincenzo Calvesi ( fl . 1777 - -1811 ) was an Italian operatic tenor and impresario .
Melanie Kurt ( January 8 , 1880 in Vienna -- March 11 , 1941 in New York City ) was an Austrian opera singer ( soprano ) .
Topi Lehtipuu ( born 24 March 1971 in Brisbane , Australia ) is a Finnish operatic tenor .
Gaetano Ricciolini ( 27 August 1778 , Florence -- 9 October 1845 , Rio de Janeiro ) was an Italian bass - baritone and a choreographer who helped introduce opera and dance in South America .
Mario Filippeschi ( June 7 , 1907 , Montefoscoli - December 25 , 1979 , Florence ) was an Italian tenor , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , renowned for his ringing upper register .
Renée Fleming ( born February 14 , 1959 ) is an American opera singer and soprano whose repertoire encompasses Richard Strauss , Mozart , Handel , bel canto , lieder , French opera and chansons , jazz and indie rock .
Brenda Boozer ( born January 25 , 1948 ) is an American mezzo - soprano who has had an active international career performing in operas and concerts since the mid 1970s .
Joseph Carl Breil ( 29 June 1870 -- 23 January 1926 ) was an American lyric tenor , stage director , composer and conductor .
Mats Lillhannus ( born 1972 Korsholm , Finland ) is a Finnish tenor singer .
Agnès Mellon is a French soprano who specializes in baroque music .
Graziella Pareto ( May 15 , 1889 -- September 1 , 1973 ) was a Catalan soprano leggiero , one of the leading sopranos of the inter - war years .
Susan Eichhorn Young is a Canadian soprano , actress , voice - over artist , voice teacher , and writer .
Bernhard Bötel ( 1883 - -1953 ) was a German operatic tenor and actor who had an active career in Germany and Austria during the first half of the 20th century .
Ivan Kusnjer ( born 1951 in Rokycany ) is a leading Czech baritone .
Dorothy Dow ( 8 October 1920 -- 26 February 2005 ) was an American classical soprano who had an active international career in concerts , operas , and recitals during the 1940s through the 1960s .
Anthony Laciura ( born September 27 , 1951 ) is an American operatic tenor , noted for his abilities as a comprimario and actor .
Paul Kandel ( born February 15 , 1951 ) is an American musical theatre actor and tenor singer best known for his only film role in Disney 's The Hunchback of Notre Dame ( 1996 ) as the voice of the Gypsy leader Clopin .
Lucilla Udovich ( September 7 , 1930 -- September 23 , 1999 ) was an American soprano of Croatian ancestry .
Marta Domingo ( née Ornelas ) is a Mexican opera soprano , stage director and designer .
Alice Gentle ( June 30 , 1885 , Chatsworth , Illinois - February 28 , 1958 , Oakland , California ) was an American operatic mezzo - soprano .
Brett Polegato ( born 1968 in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada ) is an operatic baritone .
Rosetta Pampanini ( 2 September 1896 -- 2 August 1973 ) was an Italian soprano , particularly associated with Puccini roles , especially Madama Butterfly .
Lucille Tostée ( probably died 1874 ) , was a French soprano , associated with opéra - bouffe in Paris and the USA in the mid-19th century , particularly in the works of Offenbach .
Franz Fehringer ( 7 September 1910 , Nussloch - 15 March 1988 , Heidelberg ) was a German operatic tenor , particularly associated with light lyric roles in the German , Italian , and French repertories .
Edith Mathis ( born 11 February 1938 ) is a Swiss soprano and a leading exponent of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Aksel Schiøtz ( 1 September 1906 -- 19 April 1975 ) was a Danish tenor and later baritone , who was considered one of Europe 's leading lieder singers of the post - World War II period .
Gabriel - Vincent Thévenard ( 10 August 1669 - 24 August 1741 ) was a French operatic baritone ( basse taille ) .
Franz Anton Spitzeder ( 1735 - -1796 ) was a German tenor and keyboard teacher .
Marta Krásová ( 16 March 1901 -- 20 February 1970 ) was a Czech operatic mezzo - soprano who had an active international career with major opera houses in Europe from 1922 - -1966 .
Fernando Carpi ( 22 January 1876 -- 3 August 1959 ) was an Italian operatic tenor and later professor of singing .
Jean Kraft ( January 9 , 1940 ) is an American operatic mezzo - soprano .
Walter Cassel ( May 15 , 1910 -- July 3 , 2000 ) was a renowned American operatic baritone and actor .
Gustave Huberdeau ( 10 May 1874 -- 31 May 1945 ) was a French operatic bass - baritone who had a prolific career in Europe and the United States during the first quarter of the twentieth century .
Clara Petrella ( March 28 , 1914 in Greco Milanese -- November 19 , 1987 in Milan ) was an Italian operatic soprano , particularly associated with the Italian repertory , an outstanding singing - actress nicknamed the `` Duse of Singers '' .
Nolan Van Way ( born January 31 , 1931 ) is an American operatic baritone and tenor whose stage career , in opera and Broadway musicals , spanned half a century .
Susanna Andersson ( born December 7 , 1977 ) is a Swedish soprano and the winner of the 2003 Guildhall School of Music and Drama 's Gold Medal Competition .
Robert Merwald ( born 1971 in Munich ) is a German baritone active in opera , oratorio , and lied , primarily in Germany and Austria .
Patricia Brooks ( November 7 , 1937 -- January 22 , 1993 ) , was a lyric soprano , actress , and opera singer , who performed primarily with the New York City Opera .
Francesco Albanese ( 13 August 1912 , Torre del Greco , Naples -- 11 June 2005 , Rome ) was a lyric tenor , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
María - Luz Álvarez ( Madrid ) is a Spanish soprano known for performance and recording of early music .
Inge Borkh ( born 26 May 1917 or 1921 ) is a German soprano .
Jean - Émile Diogène Marcoux ( June 12 , 1877 -- October 22 , 1962 ) was a French operatic bass - baritone , known professionally as Vanni Marcoux ( sometimes hyphenated as Vanni - Marcoux ) .
Willy Clément was a French baritone ( born in Cairo on 19 July 1918 , died in Paris on 7 March 1965 ) , who was noted in light baritone roles and operetta .
Justino Díaz ( born January 29 , 1940 ) is a Puerto Rican operatic bass - baritone .
César Vezzani ( 8 August 1888 -- 11 November 1951 ) was a French / Corsican operatic tenor who became a leading exponent of French grand opera through several decades .
Khori Dastoor is an American operatic soprano and actress .
Martha Mödl ( 22 March 1912 , Nuremberg -- 17 December 2001 , Stuttgart ) was a German soprano , and later a mezzo - soprano .
Mýa possesses a mezzo - soprano vocal range which spans approximately three octaves and four notes ( B2-F6 ) & The Whistle Register ( as used in `` Go Hard or Go Home '' . )
Giovanni Guicciardi ( 12 January 1819 -- 4 October 1883 ) was an Italian opera singer who sang leading baritone roles in the opera houses of Italy and Portugal .
Angel Blue ( born May 3 , 1984 ) born Angel Joy Blue is an American operatic soprano and classical crossover artist .
Nedda Casei ( born September 9 , 1932 ) is an operatic mezzo - soprano .
Eileen Küpper is a South Africa - born soprano singer , known for her work with metal bands Therion and The Kovenant .
Wolfgang Brendel ( born 20 October 1947 , in Munich ) is a German opera singer ( baritone ) , and a professor of voice at the Munich Hochschule für Musik und Theater .
Inez Fabbri ( 26 January 1831 -- 30 August 1909 ) , née Agnes Schmidt , was an Austrian American soprano , voice teacher and impresaria .
Miroslav Dvorský ( born 16 May 1960 ) is a Slovak operatic tenor of international renown who has had an active career since the early 1980s .
Evelyn Herlitzius ( born 27 April 1963 ) is a German opera singer , a dramatic soprano .
Vasco Campagnano ( 1910 - -1976 ) was an Italian operatic tenor , particularly associated with the Italian repertory .
Simone Alaimo ( born 3 February 1950 ) is an Italian bass - baritone .
Cynthia Haymon - Coleman is an American soprano , born September 6 , 1958 in Jacksonville , Florida .
Selma Kurz ( October 15 , 1874 in Biala , Galicia -- May 10 , 1933 in Vienna ) was an Austrian operatic soprano known for her brilliant coloratura technique .
Zulma Madeleine Boufflar , known as Zulma Bouffar , ( 24 May 1841 - 20 January 1909 ) , was a French actress and soprano singer , associated with the opéra - bouffe of Paris in the second half of the 19th century who enjoyed a successful career around Europe .
Pietro Spagnoli ( born 22 January 1964 ) is an Italian operatic baritone , born in Rome .
Sarah Brightman ( born 14 August 1960 ) is an English classical crossover soprano , actress , songwriter and dancer .
Guan Guimin is an award - winning operatic tenor who rose to fame in China in the 1980s before eventually moving to the United States .
Rockwell Blake ( born January 10 , 1951 ) is an American operatic tenor , particularly known for his roles in Rossini operas .
Jeanette Scovotti ( born December 5 , 1936 in New York City ) is an American coloratura soprano .
Ruth Fernández ( 23 May 1919 -- 9 January 2012 ) was a Puerto Rican contralto and a member of the Puerto Rican Senate .
Maxim Mironov ( born in 1981 in Tula ) , is a Russian tenor , best known for his interpretation of the bel canto repertoire .
Amalia Riégo ( 26 March 1850 -- 27 December 1926 ) was a Swedish soprano opera singer .
Loren Driscoll ( April 14 , 1928 -- April 8 , 2008 ) was an American tenor who had an active international career from the 1950s through the mid-1980s .
Stella Zambalis is an American spinto soprano born in Cleveland , Ohio .
Georg Unger ( 1837 -- 1887 ) was a German tenor most famous for playing Siegfried in Der Ring des Nibelungen written by Richard Wagner .
Betsy Joslyn ( born April 19 , 1954 in Staten Island , New York ) is a Broadway musical and dramatic actress and soprano .
