author	Anna Christie is a play in four acts by Eugene O'Neill.	Anna Christie	Eugene O'Neill
author	A Dangerous Fortune was written by British author Ken Follett in 1993.	A Dangerous Fortune	Ken Follett
author	If Beale Street Could Talk, James Baldwin's fifth novel, is a love story set in Harlem in the early 1970s.	If Beale Street Could Talk	James Baldwin
author	The Happy Isles of Oceania is a travel book written by writer Paul Theroux and published in 1992.	The Happy Isles of Oceania	Paul Theroux
author	An article on Player/Missile Graphics by De Re Atari coauthor Chris Crawford appeared in Compute! in 1981:	De Re Atari	Chris Crawford
award received	Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Adolf von Baeyer (German: (ˈbaɪɐ); October 31, 1835 -- August 20, 1917) was a German chemist who synthesized indigo, and was the 1905 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.	Adolf von Baeyer	Nobel Prize in Chemistry
award received	Izaak Huru Doko (also Izaac; 20 November 1913 - 29 July 1985) is a National Hero of Indonesia.	Izaak Huru Doko	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Vasik Rajlich (born 1971 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an International Master in chess and the author of Rybka, previously one of the strongest chess playing programs in the world.	Vasik Rajlich	International Master
award received	Bryan Westwood (1930 - 13 April 2000) was an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize twice, once for a portrait of Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating.	Bryan Westwood	Archibald Prize
award received	Dave Hardman (born September 13, 1960) is a pornographic actor and member of the AVN Hall of Fame.	Dave Hardman	AVN Hall of Fame
cast member	Krodhi is a 1981 Indian Hindi film directed by Subhash Ghai and starring Dharmendra, Shashi Kapoor, Zeenat Aman, Pran, Premnath, Sachin, Ranjeeta and Hema Malini in an extended special appearance.	Krodhi	Dharmendra	Shashi Kapoor	Zeenat Aman	Pran	Sachin	Hema Malini
cast member	Cowgirls 'n Angels is a 2012 American family film starring Young Artist Award winner Bailee Madison, Oscar nominee James Cromwell, and Jackson Rathbone.	Cowgirls 'n Angels	Bailee Madison	James Cromwell	Jackson Rathbone
cast member	Beauty No. 1 is a 1965 film by Andy Warhol starring Edie Sedgwick, Kip Stagg aka Bima Stagg, and Chuck Wein.	Beauty No. 1	Edie Sedgwick	Bima Stagg	Chuck Wein
cast member	Sci-Fighters is a 1996 action film starring Roddy Piper.	Sci-Fighters	Roddy Piper
cast member	American Mary is a 2012 Canadian horror film starring Katharine Isabelle, Antonio Cupo, and Tristan Risk and written and directed by Jen and Sylvia Soska.	American Mary	Katharine Isabelle
cast member	Wild Wild Winter is a 1966 Universal Pictures comedy film in the beach party genre, starring Gary Clarke and Chris Noel.	Wild Wild Winter	Gary Clarke	Chris Noel
cast member	The Flaming Forties is a 1924 American Western silent film, the sixth of seven features which short-lived motion picture company Stellar Productions released in 1924--1925 as Producers Distributing Corporation vehicles for Harry Carey.	The Flaming Forties	Harry Carey
cast member	The Country Mouse is a 1914 American comedy silent film written and directed by Hobart Bosworth.	The Country Mouse	Hobart Bosworth
cast member	Laugh, Clown, Laugh is a 1928 silent film starring Lon Chaney and Loretta Young.	Laugh, Clown, Laugh	Lon Chaney	Loretta Young
cast member	You're Only Young Once (1937) is the second Andy Hardy movie, with Lewis Stone permanently replacing Lionel Barrymore as Judge Hardy, and Mickey Rooney appearing as his son Andy.	You're Only Young Once	Lewis Stone	Mickey Rooney
cast member	A Romance of the Western Hills is a 1910 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Mary Pickford and Blanche Sweet.	A Romance of the Western Hills	Mary Pickford	Blanche Sweet
cast member	Rama Rama Krishna Krishna is a 2010 Telugu action drama film that stars Ram, Priya Anand and Bindu Madhavi in the lead role, whilst prominent actors Arjun Sarja, Nassar, Brahmanandam and Gracy Singh play pivotal roles.	Rama Rama Krishna Krishna	Priya Anand	Bindu Madhavi	Arjun Sarja	Gracy Singh
cast member	The Youngest Profession is a 1943 film, directed by Edward Buzzell, and starring Virginia Weidler, Edward Arnold, John Carroll, Scotty Beckett, and Agnes Moorehead.	The Youngest Profession	Virginia Weidler	John Carroll
cast member	Anne Meara as Veronica Rooney (1979--1982), the cook at Archie Bunker's Place.	Archie Bunker's Place	Anne Meara
cast member	Hello, Mabel (also known as On a Busy Wire) is a 1914 American short silent comedy film produced and directed by Mack Sennett and starring Mabel Normand.	Hello, Mabel	Mabel Normand
cast member	Operation Counterspy (Italian: Asso di picche - Operazione controspionaggio, Spanish: As de pic, operación Contraespionaje, French: As de pic) is a 1965 Italian-Spanish-French Eurospy film written and directed by Nick Nostro and starring George Ardisson.	Operation Counterspy	George Ardisson
cast member	Keeper of the City is a 1991 crime-action film directed by Bobby Roth and starring Louis Gossett Jr., Anthony LaPaglia and Peter Coyote.	Keeper of the City	Louis Gossett
cast member	The Greeks Had a Word for Them (1932), also known as Three Broadway Girls, is a Pre-Code comedy film directed by Lowell Sherman, produced by Samuel Goldwyn, and released by United Artists.	The Greeks Had a Word for Them	Lowell Sherman
cast member	Let Not Man Put Asunder was a 1924 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick, produced and directed by J. Stuart Blackton, and distributed by Vitagraph, a company Blackton co-founded.	Let Not Man Put Asunder	Pauline Frederick
cast member	The Left Handed Gun is a 1958 American western film and the film directorial debut of Arthur Penn, starring Paul Newman as Billy the Kid and John Dehner as Pat Garrett.	The Left Handed Gun	Paul Newman	John Dehner
cast member	Sahebzaade is a Bollywood action film released in 1992 starring Sanjay Dutt and Neelam Kothari in title roles while some ensemble cast have supporting roles.The story is written by Ranbir Pushp.	Sahebzaade	Sanjay Dutt	Neelam Kothari
cast member	Up Periscope is a 1959 World War II drama starring James Garner as a U.S. Navy Frogman fighting the Japanese.	Up Periscope	James Garner
cast member	The Agronomist is a 2003 American documentary directed by Jonathan Demme, and starring Jean Dominique.	The Agronomist	Jean Dominique
cast member	Two-Minute Warning is a 1976 disaster film directed by Larry Peerce and starring Charlton Heston, John Cassavetes, Martin Balsam, Beau Bridges, Jack Klugman, Gena Rowlands, and David Janssen.	Two-Minute Warning	Charlton Heston	John Cassavetes	Martin Balsam	Beau Bridges	Jack Klugman	Gena Rowlands	David Janssen
cast member	Prem Nazirine Kanmanilla is a 1983 Malayalam crime film starring Vijay Menon, Maniyanpilla Raju and Sreenivasan who play as kidnappers of Prem Nazir.	Prem Nazirine Kanmanilla	Maniyanpilla Raju	Sreenivasan
cast member	The Vengeance of Fu Manchu is a 1967 British film directed by Jeremy Summers starring Christopher Lee, Horst Frank, Douglas Wilmer and Tsai Chin.	The Vengeance of Fu Manchu	Christopher Lee	Horst Frank	Douglas Wilmer	Tsai Chin
cast member	Robin's Nest is a British sitcom starring Richard O'Sullivan as Robin Tripp, one of the lead characters in the sitcom, Man About the House, which had ended on 7 April 1976.	Robin's Nest	Richard O'Sullivan
cast member	Women Who Flirt (Chinese: 撒娇女人最好命) is a 2014 Chinese-Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed by Pang Ho-cheung and starring Zhou Xun, Huang Xiaoming, Xie Yilin and Sonia Sui.	Women Who Flirt	Zhou Xun
cast member	The Tailor from Torzhok (Russian: Закройщик из Торжка) is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy film directed by Yakov Protazanov and starring Igor Ilyinsky.	The Tailor from Torzhok	Igor Ilyinsky
cast member	The Relation of Face, Mind and Love (Hangul: 내눈에 콩깍지; RR: Nae Nune Kkongkkakji) is a 2009 South Korean-Japanese film starring Kang Ji-hwan and Lee Ji-ah.	The Relation of Face, Mind and Love	Kang Ji-hwan
cast member	Red Margaret, Moonshiner is a 1913 American silent short romance film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Pauline Bush and Murdock MacQuarrie, along with Lon Chaney.	Red Margaret, Moonshiner	Pauline Bush	Murdock MacQuarrie	Lon Chaney
cast member	Her Sport (German: Ihr Sport) is a 1919 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten, Georg H. Schnell and Hermann Thimig.	Her Sport	Henny Porten
cast member	The Knight of the Dragon (Spanish: El caballero del dragón), aka Star Knight, is a 1985 Spanish adventure film directed by Fernando Colomo and starring Klaus Kinski.	The Knight of the Dragon	Klaus Kinski
cast member	The Cat from Outer Space is a 1978 American comic science fiction film, starring Ronnie Schell, Ken Berry, Sandy Duncan, Harry Morgan, Roddy McDowall and McLean Stevenson.	The Cat from Outer Space	Ronnie Schell	Ken Berry	Sandy Duncan	Harry Morgan	Roddy McDowall	McLean Stevenson
cast member	The Voice of Conscience is a 1912 American silent short drama film starring Florence La Badie and Jean Darnell.	The Voice of Conscience	Florence La Badie	Jean Darnell
cast member	Severe Clear is a 2009 documentary film directed by American documentary maker Kristian Fraga, starring and using footage shot by First Lieutenant Mike Scotti of United States Marine Corps Bravo Company, 1st Battalion 4th Marines.	Severe Clear	Mike Scotti
cast member	Masks and Faces is a 1917 British silent biographical film directed by Fred Paul and starring Johnston Forbes-Robertson, Irene Vanbrugh and Henry S. Irving.	Masks and Faces	Johnston Forbes-Robertson	Irene Vanbrugh
cast member	When the Heart Sings (Spanish:Cuando canta el corazón) is a 1941 Argentine musical drama film directed by Richard Harlan and starring Hugo del Carril, Aída Luz and José Olarra.	When the Heart Sings	Hugo del Carril
cast member	The Feral Generation is an award winning British feature film written and directed by Welsh filmmaker Andrew Jones and starring Ray Panthaki and Brooke Kinsella in the leading roles.	The Feral Generation	Ray Panthaki
cast member	Cry of the Werewolf, also known as Daughter of the Werewolf, is a 1944 film starring Nina Foch, based on a story by Griffin Jay and directed by Henry Levin.	Cry of the Werewolf	Nina Foch
cast member	In A Man's Gotta Do, Eddy (John Howard), lives with his wife, Yvonne (Rebecca Frith), and their daughter, Chantelle (Alyssa McClelland), in a new suburb in the Illawarra part, south of Sydney.	A Man's Gotta Do	Alyssa McClelland
cast member	Yauwan is an Indian film from 1973 which stars Anil Dhawan, Yogeeta Bali, Sujit Kumar, and Kabir Bedi.	Yauwan	Anil Dhawan	Yogeeta Bali	Sujit Kumar	Kabir Bedi
cast member	The Duty to Remain Silent (German:Die Pflicht zu schweigen) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Marcella Albani, Vivian Gibson, Angelo Ferrari.	The Duty to Remain Silent	Marcella Albani
cast member	Jewel of the Sahara is a 2001 film starring Gerard Butler, Clifford David as the old Francois Renard and Peter Franzén as the young Francois Renard.	Jewel of the Sahara	Gerard Butler
cast member	How to Find the Ideal (Ukrainian: Как найти идеал, Kak nayti ideal) is a 2007 Ukrainian comedy directed by Vera Yakovenko and starring Armen Grigoryan.	How to Find the Ideal	Armen Grigoryan
cast member	Dulcie's Adventure is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by James Kirkwood starring Mary Miles Minter and Bessie Banks.	Dulcie's Adventure	Mary Miles Minter
cast member	Television Talent is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Robert Edmunds and starring Richard Goolden, Hal Walters and Polly Ward.	Television Talent	Richard Goolden
cast member	Exorcismus (Spanish: La posesión de Emma Evans) is a 2010 Spanish-British horror film directed by Manuel Carballo and written by David Muñoz, it stars Sophie Vavasseur and Stephen Billington.	Exorcismus	Sophie Vavasseur	Stephen Billington
cast member	A Man's Way is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres, starring William Garwood, Charlotte Burton and Louise Lester.	A Man's Way	Charlotte Burton	Louise Lester
cast member	California Straight Ahead! is a 1937 American film about truck drivers starring John Wayne and directed by Arthur Lubin.	California Straight Ahead!	John Wayne
cast member	A Climate for Killing (also known as A Row of Crows) is a 1991 American thriller-drama film written and directed by J. S. Cardone and starring John Beck, Katharine Ross, Steven Bauer and Mia Sara.	A Climate for Killing	Mia Sara
cast member	Double Impact is a 1991 American action film written and directed by Sheldon Lettich, and written, produced by and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme in a dual role as Chad and Alex Wagner.	Double Impact	Jean-Claude Van Damme
cast member	Little Black Book is a 2004 satirical comedy film directed by Nick Hurran, and starring Brittany Murphy and Ron Livingston in the main roles.	Little Black Book	Brittany Murphy	Ron Livingston
cast member	No Maps for These Territories is an independent documentary film made by Mark Neale focusing on the speculative fiction author William Gibson.	No Maps for These Territories	William Gibson
cast member	Mannar Mathai Speaking is a 1995 Malayalam comedy film written by Siddique-Lal, produced and directed by Mani C. Kappan, and starring Mukesh, Saikumar, Innocent, Vani Viswanath, and Biju Menon in the main roles.	Mannar Mathai Speaking	Mukesh	Saikumar	Innocent	Vani Viswanath	Biju Menon
cast member	Our Blushing Brides is a 1930 American Pre-Code society comedy/romantic melodrama directed and produced by Harry Beaumont, and starring Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery, Anita Page, and Dorothy Sebastian.	Our Blushing Brides	Joan Crawford	Robert Montgomery	Anita Page	Dorothy Sebastian
cast member	A Night in Old Mexico is a 2013 Spanish-American co-production film directed by Emilio Aragón about a man (Robert Duvall) and his grandson (Jeremy Irvine).	A Night in Old Mexico	Robert Duvall
cast member	Krishnan Love Story (Kannada: ಕೃಷ್ಣನ್ ಲವ್ ಸ್ಟೋರಿ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language action drama film written and directed by Shashank, and starring Ajay Rao, Radhika Pandit, Umashri, Achuth Kumar, Sharan, Pradeep, Harsha, Chandra.	Krishnan Love Story	Ajay Rao
cast member	Her Market Value is a 1925 American silent melodrama film directed by Paul Powell and starring Agnes Ayres.	Her Market Value	Agnes Ayres
cast member	God's Angry Man is a 1981 documentary film about Gene Scott, directed by Werner Herzog.	God's Angry Man	Gene Scott
cast member	With help of a moneylender Bawaji (Sujit Kumar), Avtaar starts his own garage.	Avtaar	Sujit Kumar
cast member	The Missing Wife (German:Die verschwundene Frau) is a 1929 Austrian silent film comedy crime film directed by Karl Leiter and starring Harry Halm, Iris Arlan and Mary Kid.	The Missing Wife	Harry Halm
cast member	Art Heist is a 2004 film starring Ellen Pompeo, William Baldwin, and Spanish actor Abel Folk.	Art Heist	Ellen Pompeo	William Baldwin
cast member	Mein Lieber Katrina Catches a Convict is a 1914 American silent comedy short starring Charlotte Burton, Harry De Vere, Perry Banks, Edith Borella, Ida Lewis, and John Steppling.	Mein Lieber Katrina Catches a Convict	Charlotte Burton
cast member	The Broken Giant is a 1998 American drama film written and directed by Estep Nagy and starring John Glover, Brooke Smith, and Will Arnett.	The Broken Giant	John Glover
cast member	Fanthomas is a Norwegian 2D cartoon comedy series, written by the Norwegian comedian Anders Bye.	Fanthomas	Anders Bye
cast member	Mother Wore Tights is a 1947 Technicolor musical film starring Betty Grable and Dan Dailey as married vaudeville performers, directed by Walter Lang.	Mother Wore Tights	Betty Grable	Dan Dailey
cast member	Bhindi Baazaar Inc. is a Hindi thriller directed by Ankush Bhatt and produced by Karan Arora, starring Kay Kay Menon, Piyush Mishra, Prashant Narayanan, Deepti Naval, Gautham K Sharma, Shilpa Shukla, Pawan Malhotra.	Bhindi Baazaar Inc.	Kay Kay Menon	Piyush Mishra	Prashant Narayanan	Deepti Naval	Shilpa Shukla
cast member	Finding Graceland is a 1998 American film starring Harvey Keitel, Johnathon Schaech, Bridget Fonda, and Gretchen Mol. The film features a character who claims to be an alive-and-well Elvis, years after staging his death.	Finding Graceland	Harvey Keitel	Johnathon Schaech	Bridget Fonda
cast member	For Her Father's Sake is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by Alexander Butler and starring Owen Nares, Isobel Elsom and James Lindsay.	For Her Father's Sake	Owen Nares	Isobel Elsom	James Lindsay
cast member	Undercover Men is a 1938 American-Canadian action film directed by Sam Newfield and starring Charles Starrett, Adrienne Dore and Kenne Duncan.	Undercover Men	Charles Starrett
cast member	A Halfway House Christmas is a 2005 film written and directed by Eric Moyer and produced by Frank Carney which starred Robert Romanus, an American actor who has starred in film and television.	A Halfway House Christmas	Robert Romanus
cast member	Kachche Dhaage is a 1999 Hindi action thriller film directed by Milan Luthria and starring Ajay Devgan, Saif Ali Khan and Manisha Koirala.	Kachche Dhaage	Ajay Devgan	Saif Ali Khan	Manisha Koirala
cast member	Kelly the Second is a 1936 Hal Roach/MGM film starring Patsy Kelly, Guinn Williams, and Charley Chase.	Kelly the Second	Patsy Kelly
cast member	Reuben, Reuben is a 1983 comedy-drama film starring Tom Conti, Kelly McGillis (in her film debut), Roberts Blossom, Cynthia Harris, and Joel Fabiani.	Reuben, Reuben	Tom Conti	Kelly McGillis	Roberts Blossom	Joel Fabiani
cast member	Imprisoned Soul (German: Gefangene Seele) is a German silent drama film of 1917 directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten, Paul Bildt, and Curt Goetz.	Imprisoned Soul	Henny Porten	Paul Bildt	Curt Goetz
cast member	His Faith in Humanity is a 1914 American silent short film directed by Sydney Ayres, starring William Garwood, Louise Lester and Vivian Rich.	His Faith in Humanity	William Garwood	Louise Lester	Vivian Rich
cast member	Our Little Girl is a 1935 drama, in which Shirley Temple and Joel McCrea play the leading roles.	Our Little Girl	Shirley Temple	Joel McCrea
cast member	The Opportunists is a 2000 British-American crime drama film, written and directed by Myles Connell, and starring Christopher Walken, Cyndi Lauper, Donal Logue, and Vera Farmiga.	The Opportunists	Christopher Walken
cast member	Wild Texas Wind is an 1991 American made-for-television drama film distributed by Sandollar Productions, directed by Joan Tewkesbury and starring Dolly Parton, Gary Busey, and Ray Benson.	Wild Texas Wind	Dolly Parton	Gary Busey	Ray Benson
cast member	The Fighting Tailor is a 1926 short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director, Benjamin Stoloff starring George Harris and Barbara Luddy.	The Fighting Tailor	George Harris	Barbara Luddy
cast member	Rathnagiri Rahasya (Kannada: ರತ್ನಗಿರಿ ರಹಸ್ಯ) is a 1957 Kannada language mystery - adventure - fantasy film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu and starring Udaykumar and Jamuna in the lead roles.	Rathnagiri Rahasya	Udaykumar
cast member	Delightful Story (Czech:Rozkosný príbeh) is a 1936 Czech operetta film directed by Vladimír Slavínský and starring Vera Ferbasová, Zita Kabátová and Frantisek Kristof-Veselý.	Delightful Story	Vera Ferbasová
cast member	Sangraam is 1993 Hindi movie directed by Lawrence D'Souza and starring Ajay Devgn, Karishma Kapoor, Ayesha Jhulka, Amrish Puri.	Sangraam	Ayesha Jhulka	Amrish Puri
cast member	Cherry 2000 is a 1987 science fiction cult film starring Melanie Griffith and David Andrews.	Cherry 2000	Melanie Griffith	David Andrews
cast member	Face/Off is a 1997 American science-fiction action directed by John Woo and starring John Travolta and Nicolas Cage.	Face/Off	John Travolta	Nicolas Cage
cast member	Let's All Hate Toronto is a 2007 Canadian documentary film co-directed by independent documentarian Albert Nerenberg and Rob Spence.	Let's All Hate Toronto	Albert Nerenberg
cast member	A Few Days of Respite (French: Quelques jours de répit) is a 2011 French-Algerian drama film written and directed by Amor Hakkar.	A Few Days of Respite	Amor Hakkar
cast member	Samourais is a 2002 martial arts film starring Cyril Mourali, Jean-François Lénogue, Mai Anh Le and Yasuaki Kurata.	Samourais	Cyril Mourali
cast member	I by Day, You by Night (German: Ich bei Tag und du bei Nacht) is a 1932 German musical comedy film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Käthe von Nagy, Willy Fritsch and Amanda Lindner.	I by Day, You by Night	Käthe von Nagy	Willy Fritsch	Amanda Lindner
cast member	Despite the title, he is never addressed as ``Rover Dangerfield'' Susan Boyd as Daisy, Rover's love interest Ronnie Schell as Eddie, Rover's loyal best friend.	Rover Dangerfield	Ronnie Schell
cast member	Deewana Main Deewana is a 2013 Bollywood romantic comedy film starring Govinda, Priyanka Chopra, Kader Khan, Prem Chopra, Johnny Lever and Shakti Kapoor directed by K. C. Bokadia.	Deewana Main Deewana	Govinda	Priyanka Chopra
cast member	The Love Light is a 1921 silent drama film starring Mary Pickford.	The Love Light	Mary Pickford
cast member	Twenty Thousand Dollars for Seven (Italian: Kidnapping! Paga o uccidiamo tuo figlio, also known as 20.000 dollari sporchi di sangue) is an Italian Spaghetti Western film starring Brett Halsey.	Twenty Thousand Dollars for Seven	Brett Halsey
cast member	The Kingdom of the Fairies (French: Le Royaume des fées), initially released in the United States as Fairyland, or the Kingdom of the Fairies and in Great Britain as The Wonders of the Deep, or Kingdom of the Fairies, is a 1903 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Kingdom of the Fairies	Georges Méliès
cast member	Magnum Force is a 1973 American action film and the second to feature Clint Eastwood as maverick cop Harry Callahan after the 1971 film Dirty Harry.	Magnum Force	Clint Eastwood
cast member	Black Cloud (Eddie Spears), a young Navajo man, must take a journey of personal growth to prepare himself for a chance at boxing in the Olympics.	Black Cloud	Eddie Spears
cast member	99 and 44/100% Dead is a 1974 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Richard Harris.	99 and 44/100% Dead	Richard Harris
cast member	Naalaiya Theerpu (Tomorrow's Verdict) is a Tamil film directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced and written by his wife Shoba Chandrasekhar which marked the debut of the their son Vijay in the lead role alongside Keerthana and Easwari Rao.	Naalaiya Theerpu	Vijay
cast member	Wanted, a Boy is a 1924 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Sydney Fairbrother, Lionelle Howard and Pauline Johnson.	Wanted, a Boy	Sydney Fairbrother	Lionelle Howard	Pauline Johnson
cast member	Under the Domim Tree (Hebrew: עץ הדומים תפוס‎) is a 1994 Israeli film based on the 1992 book of the same name by Gila Almagor.	Under the Domim Tree	Gila Almagor
cast member	Parunthu (English:Eagle) is a 2008 Malayalam film by M. Padmakumar starring Mammootty and Jayasurya.	Parunthu	Mammootty	Jayasurya
cast member	Girls Nite Out (also known as The Scaremaker) is a 1982 American slasher film written and produced by Anthony N. Gurvis, directed by Robert Deubel and stars Julia Montgomery, Suzanne Barnes, Rutanya Alda, and Hal Holbrook.	Girls Nite Out	Julia Montgomery	Rutanya Alda	Hal Holbrook
cast member	Onsdagsväninnan is a 1946 Swedish film directed by Sture Lagerwall and Alice O'Fredericks.	Onsdagsväninnan	Sture Lagerwall
cast member	Winged Devils (Italian: Forza ``G'', literally ``G'' Force) is a 1972 Italian adventure-comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari.	Winged Devils	Duccio Tessari
cast member	Prem Poojari (Malayalam : പ്രേം പൂജാരി) is a 1999 Malayalam film directed by Hariharan, starring Kunchacko Boban, Shalini and Vineeth.	Prem Poojari	Kunchacko Boban	Vineeth
cast member	The Specialist is a 1994 American action film directed by Luis Llosa, starring Sylvester Stallone, Sharon Stone and James Woods.	The Specialist	Sylvester Stallone	Sharon Stone	James Woods
cast member	At War in the Diamond Fields (German: Im Kampf um Diamantenfelder) is a 1921 German silent adventure film directed by Hans Schomburgk and starring Oskar Marion, Meg Gehrts-Schomburgk and Willy Kaiser-Heyl.	At War in the Diamond Fields	Oskar Marion
cast member	Mindhunters is a 2004 American-British crime thriller film directed by Renny Harlin and starring Jonny Lee Miller, Kathryn Morris, LL Cool J, Patricia Velásquez, Clifton Collins, Jr., Christian Slater and Val Kilmer.	Mindhunters	Jonny Lee Miller	Kathryn Morris	LL Cool J	Patricia Velásquez	Clifton Collins	Christian Slater	Val Kilmer
cast member	Dadar Kirti (Bengali: দাদার কীর্তি) (Deeds of my elder brother) (1980) is a Bengali comic-romantic film starring Tapas Paul, Mahua Roychoudhury, Ayan Banerjee and Debasree Roy.	Dadar Kirti	Mahua Roychoudhury
cast member	Anant Nag as Parashuram R. Rao Vanisri as Ansuya P. Rao, Parashuram's Wife Smita Patil as Parvati Venu as Vasu Satyadev Dubey as Ramanayye Master Amrish Puri as Konduraswamy Shekhar Chatterjee as Bhairavamoorthy Sulabha Deshpande as Kanthamma	Kondura	Vanisri
cast member	Mythili Ennai Kaathali (Tamil: மைதிலி என்னை காதலி) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film, directed by Vijaya T. Rajendar and produced by Usha Rajendar.	Mythili Ennai Kaathali	T. Rajendar
cast member	Half Past Dead 2 is a 2007 American action film directed by Art Camacho, and starring Bill Goldberg and Kurupt.	Half Past Dead 2	Bill Goldberg
cast member	Luksang Tagumpay is a 1956 Filipino drama film by Gregorio Fernandez starring Jaime de la Rosa, Delia Razon and Rudy Fernandez.	Luksang Tagumpay	Jaime de la Rosa
cast member	Dr. Jack is a 1922 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.	Dr. Jack	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Mr. Gibb (released on DVD as The Good Student) is a 2006 American dark comedy drama film starring Tim Daly and Hayden Panettiere.	Mr. Gibb	Tim Daly	Hayden Panettiere
cast member	Sam (Concepcion) and Cheska (Ortega) are on their way to fulfilling their pop dreams as the most promising students in their Pop Class (a Pop Performance Workshop Class they have religiously attended every summer since they were kids).	Pop Class	Sam (Concepcion
cast member	Je suis né d'une cigogne (English: Children of the Stork) is a 1999 French road movie directed by Tony Gatlif, starring Romain Duris, Rona Hartner, Ouassini Embarek, Christine Pignet and Marc Nouyrigat.	Je suis né d'une cigogne	Romain Duris	Rona Hartner
cast member	Repati Pourulu is a 1986 Telugu language film directed by T. Krishna and starring Rajasekhar, Vijayashanti, and Anuradha.	Repati Pourulu	Vijayashanti
cast member	Hell Up in Harlem is a 1973 blaxploitation film, starring Fred Williamson and Gloria Hendry.	Hell Up in Harlem	Fred Williamson	Gloria Hendry
cast member	Shaapit is a 2010 Bollywood horror film directed by Vikram Bhatt, starring Aditya Narayan, Rahul Dev, Shweta Agarwal and Shubh Joshi in the lead roles.	Shaapit	Aditya Narayan
cast member	Um Null Uhr schnappt die Falle zu is a 1966 German thriller film directed by Harald Philipp and starring George Nader, Horst Frank and Heinz Weiss.	Um Null Uhr schnappt die Falle zu	George Nader	Horst Frank	Heinz Weiss
cast member	Dnestrovskiye melodii (Russian: Днестровские мелодии) is a 1973 Soviet Moldavian musical film starring Sofia Rotaru in the main role, as well as Ion Suruceanu, Nadezhda Chepraga and Maria Cudreanu.	Dnestrovskiye melodii	Sofia Rotaru
cast member	Something in the Wind is a 1947 American musical comedy film directed by Irving Pichel and starring Deanna Durbin, Donald O'Connor, and John Dall.	Something in the Wind	Deanna Durbin	Donald O'Connor	John Dall
cast member	When Nature Calls is a 1985 spoof comedy written and directed by Charles Kaufman and starring Academy Award nominee David Strathairn in an early performance.	When Nature Calls	David Strathairn
cast member	Profit and the Loss is a 1917 British silent drama film directed by A.V. Bramble and Eliot Stannard and starring James Carew, Randle Ayrton and Margaret Halstan.	Profit and the Loss	James Carew	Randle Ayrton
cast member	Fiebre, also known as Fever, is a 1971 Argentine sexploitation film directed, produced and written by Armando Bó and starring Isabel Sarli.	Fiebre	Armando Bó	Isabel Sarli
cast member	Hold That Co-ed is a 1938 comedy film directed by George Marshall, starring John Barrymore, George Murphy and Marjorie Weaver.	Hold That Co-ed	John Barrymore
cast member	Hooked Bear is a 1956 short film in the Humphrey the Bear series.	Hooked Bear	Humphrey the Bear
cast member	Perdóname Todo (English: Forgive Me Everything) is a 1995 Mexican drama film starring José José, Alejandra Ávalos and Sergio Jiménez.	Perdóname Todo	José José
cast member	Good Fences, starring Whoopi Goldberg, Danny Glover, Ryan Michelle Bathe Ashley Archer and Mo'Nique, is a made-for-TV movie that debuted in 2003.	Good Fences	Danny Glover
cast member	El Retorno del Hombre Lobo (Return of the Wolfman) is a 1981 Spanish horror film that is the ninth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky, played by Paul Naschy.	El Retorno del Hombre Lobo	Paul Naschy
cast member	Five Minutes to Love (originally known as The Rotten Apple and It Only Takes Five Minutes) is a 1963 American drama film directed by John Hayes and starring Rue McClanahan as Poochie, a woman who lives in a junkyard.	Five Minutes to Love	Rue McClanahan
cast member	Aazmayish is a 1995 Bollywood film starring Dharmendra, Anjali Jathar and producer Mohan Kumar's son Rohit Kumar in his debut.	Aazmayish	Dharmendra
cast member	Nervous Night is a 1986 film starring American rock band The Hooters and directed by John Charles Jopson.	Nervous Night	The Hooters
cast member	Let's Get Skase is a 2001 Australian comedy starring Lachy Hulme, Alex Dimitriades, Craig McLachlan and Bill Kerr.	Let's Get Skase	Lachy Hulme	Alex Dimitriades	Craig McLachlan	Bill Kerr
cast member	The Gay Desperado (1936) is a comedy film starring Ida Lupino, Leo Carrillo, and Nino Martini and directed by Rouben Mamoulian, produced by Mary Pickford, and originally released by United Artists.	The Gay Desperado	Ida Lupino	Leo Carrillo	Nino Martini
cast member	Sette note in nero stars Jennifer O'Neill, Gianni Garko and Marc Porel.	Sette note in nero	Jennifer O'Neill	Gianni Garko	Marc Porel
cast member	A Global Affair is a 1964 film directed by Jack Arnold, and starring Bob Hope, Michele Mercier, and Yvonne De Carlo.	A Global Affair	Bob Hope	Yvonne De Carlo
cast member	Ready, Steady, Charlie! (Ge. Achtung, fertig, Charlie!) is a 2003 Swiss movie production directed by Mike Eschmann, starring newcomer Michael Koch, beauty queen Melanie Winiger and comedian Marco Rima.	Ready, Steady, Charlie!	Michael Koch	Melanie Winiger
cast member	It Happened Thus is a 1912 American silent short romantic drama starring Charlotte Burton and Owen Moore.	It Happened Thus	Charlotte Burton	Owen Moore
cast member	The Revenge of Roger (French:La revanche de Roger la Honte) is a 1946 French historical crime film directed by André Cayatte and starring Lucien Coëdel, María Casares and Paul Bernard.	The Revenge of Roger	Lucien Coëdel	María Casares	Paul Bernard
cast member	Turn of the Tide (1935) is a British drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring John Garrick, Geraldine Fitzgerald, and Wilfrid Lawson, and was the first feature film made by J. Arthur Rank.	Turn of the Tide	John Garrick	Geraldine Fitzgerald	Wilfrid Lawson
cast member	Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a 2011 American science fiction film directed by Rupert Wyatt and starring James Franco, Freida Pinto, John Lithgow, Brian Cox, Tom Felton, David Oyelowo, and Andy Serkis.	Rise of the Planet of the Apes	James Franco	Freida Pinto	John Lithgow	Brian Cox	Tom Felton	David Oyelowo	Andy Serkis
cast member	The Jewel of the Nile is a 1985 action-adventure romantic comedy and a sequel to the 1984 film Romancing the Stone, with Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner, and Danny DeVito reprising their roles.	The Jewel of the Nile	Michael Douglas	Kathleen Turner	Danny DeVito
cast member	Crossworlds is a 1997 science fiction film starring Rutger Hauer, Josh Charles, Andrea Roth, Stuart Wilson and Jack Black, and directed by Krishna Rao.	Crossworlds	Rutger Hauer	Josh Charles	Andrea Roth	Stuart Wilson	Jack Black
cast member	Mabel's Strange Predicament is a 1914 American film starring Mabel Normand and Charles Chaplin, notable for being the first film for which Chaplin donned The Tramp costume.	Mabel's Strange Predicament	Mabel Normand
cast member	Following her mother's death, Ponette's father (Xavier Beauvois) leaves the young girl with her Aunt Claire (Claire Nebout), and her cousins Matiaz (Matiaz Bureau Caton) and Delphine (Delphine Schiltz).	Ponette	Xavier Beauvois	Claire Nebout
cast member	The Damned Don't Cry! is a 1950 American Film Noir drama film directed by Vincent Sherman and featuring Joan Crawford, David Brian, and Steve Cochran tells of a woman's involvement with an organized crime boss and his subordinates.	The Damned Don't Cry!	Joan Crawford	David Brian	Steve Cochran
cast member	Sooli (voiced by Cree Summer) - Sooli is another Cro-Magnon who got separated from her tribe and Cro and Pakka help her find her favorite horse.	Cro	Cree Summer
cast member	Billy Jack Goes to Washington is a 1977 film starring Tom Laughlin, the fourth film in the Billy Jack series, and although the earlier films saw enormous success, this film did not.	Billy Jack Goes to Washington	Tom Laughlin
cast member	Sensitività (internationally released as The House by the Edge of the Lake, also known as Diabla) is a 1979 Italian horror film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.	The House by the Edge of the Lake	Enzo G. Castellari
cast member	The Ghost and Mrs. Muir (1947) is a romantic fantasy film starring Gene Tierney and Rex Harrison.	The Ghost and Mrs. Muir	Gene Tierney	Rex Harrison
cast member	The Pittsburgh Kid is a 1941 American sports film directed by Jack Townley and starring Billy Conn, Jean Parker and Dick Purcell.	The Pittsburgh Kid	Billy Conn
cast member	Mazloom is a 1986 Bollywood film directed by C.P. Dixit, starring Suresh Oberoi, Anita Raj and Mandakini in lead roles.	Mazloom	Suresh Oberoi	Anita Raj	Mandakini
cast member	Krishnanunni (Dileep) is the Kaaryasthan (Manager) of Puthezhathu Tharavadu and Kalidas (Salim Kumar) is the Kaaryasthan of Kizhakkedathu Tharavadu.	Kaaryasthan	Salim Kumar
cast member	The Widow's Investment is a 1914 American silent short drama film starring Charlotte Burton, Sydney Ayres, Jack Richardson, Perry Banks, Edith Borella, Caroline Cooke, Vivian Rich, and Harry Van Meter.	The Widow's Investment	Charlotte Burton	Sydney Ayres
cast member	First Day High is a 2006 Philippine comedy film starring Geoff Eigenmann, Jason Abalos and Maja Salvador with Gerald Anderson and Kim Chiu in their film debut.	First Day High	Geoff Eigenmann	Jason Abalos	Gerald Anderson	Kim Chiu
cast member	Drishya (Kannada: ದೃಶ್ಯ, English: Visual) is a 2014 Indian Kannada language drama thriller film directed by P. Vasu and starring V. Ravichandran and Navya Nair in the lead roles.	Drishya	V. Ravichandran
cast member	The Little Teacher is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Mabel Normand and Fatty Arbuckle, and directed by Mack Sennett.	The Little Teacher	Mabel Normand	Mack Sennett
cast member	Unsolved Mysteries is an American television program, hosted by Robert Stack from 1987 to 2002 and later by Dennis Farina starting in 2008.	Unsolved Mysteries	Robert Stack
cast member	An Elephant Called Slowly is a 1969 Morning Star Productions Ltd. feature film starring Bill Travers and Virginia McKenna as themselves in a story about the couple's real-life adventures with three young African elephants while house-sitting in Kenya.	An Elephant Called Slowly	Bill Travers	Virginia McKenna
cast member	The Devil's Messenger is a 1961 anthology horror film starring Lon Chaney Jr. In this feature version of the 1959 Swedish TV series 13 Demon Street, a 50,000-year-old woman is found frozen in an ice field, and a man's death is foretold in dreams.	The Devil's Messenger	Lon Chaney Jr.
cast member	Saptapadii (Gujarati: સપ્તપદી) is 2013 Gujarati film produced by Amitabh Bachchan Corporation starring Manav Gohil and Swaroop Sampat in leading roles.	Saptapadii	Manav Gohil	Swaroop Sampat
cast member	Major Dundee is a 1965 Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Charlton Heston, Richard Harris, Jim Hutton, and James Coburn.	Major Dundee	Charlton Heston	Richard Harris	Jim Hutton	James Coburn
cast member	Shah Rukh Khan as Ram Jaane Juhi Chawla as Bela Vivek Mushran as Murli Pankaj Kapoor as Bannu Technicolor Puneet Issar as Inspector Chewte Tinnu Anand as Sameer Sanavla Deven Verma as Daddu Uncle Gulshan Grover as Bhau	Ram Jaane	Deven Verma
cast member	The Black Waters of Echo's Pond is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Italo-American filmmaker Gabriel Bologna and stars Robert Patrick, Danielle Harris and James Duval.	The Black Waters of Echo's Pond	Robert Patrick	Danielle Harris	James Duval
cast member	Mr. Jealousy is a 1997 romantic comedy film written and directed by Noah Baumbach and starring Eric Stoltz and Annabella Sciorra.	Mr. Jealousy	Eric Stoltz	Annabella Sciorra
cast member	The Carol Burnett Show (also Carol Burnett and Friends in syndication) is an American variety/sketch comedy television show starring Carol Burnett, Harvey Korman, Vicki Lawrence and Lyle Waggoner.	The Carol Burnett Show	Harvey Korman	Vicki Lawrence	Lyle Waggoner
cast member	War Arrow is a 1953 western film directed by George Sherman based on the Seminole Scouts and starring Jeff Chandler and Maureen O'Hara.	War Arrow	Jeff Chandler	Maureen O'Hara
cast member	The Soloist is a 2009 British-American drama film directed by Joe Wright, and starring Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey, Jr..	The Soloist	Jamie Foxx	Robert Downey, Jr.
cast member	Passions, He Had Three is a 1913 short comedy film featuring Roscoe Arbuckle and Mabel Normand.	Passions, He Had Three	Roscoe Arbuckle	Mabel Normand
cast member	Between Us Girls is a 1942 American drama film directed by Henry Koster and starring Diana Barrymore, Kay Francis, Robert Cummings, John Boles, Andy Devine, and Scotty Beckett.	Between Us Girls	Diana Barrymore	Kay Francis	Robert Cummings	Andy Devine
child	Then-reigning Emperor Xuānzong allowed his son Wang Shaoding to inherit the circuit, and bestowed the posthumous honor of Taishi (太師) on Wang Yuankui.	Wang Yuankui	Wang Shaoding
child	Márcio Valadão, husband of Renata Valadão and father of Ana Paula, André and Mariana Valadão, is the senior pastor and leader of the Lagoinha Baptist Church which has more than 60,000 members.	Márcio Valadão	Mariana Valadão
child	Iotapa bore Alexander three children: two sons Gaius Julius Agrippa, Gaius Julius Alexander Berenicianus and a daughter Julia Iotapa.	Gaius Julius Alexander	Gaius Julius Agrippa
child	Ser Petracco (Pietro di Parenzo di Garzo; 1267--1326) was the father to the Italian poet Francesco Petrarch.	Ser Petracco	Petrarch
child	Toussaud was the dam of five graded stakes winners, including champion sires and Grade 1 winners Chester House and Empire Maker.	Toussaud	Empire Maker
conflict	Waldemar Semelka flew over 240 missions and scored 65 victories (some sources say 75 victories), all over the Eastern Front.	Waldemar Semelka	Eastern Front
conflict	Sergeant James McKinley Hargreaves DCM was a Scottish World War I flying ace.	James McKinley Hargreaves	World War I
conflict	The Northumberland County Division was a formation of the British Army formed in World War II on 24 February 1941.	Northumberland County Division	World War II
conflict	William Farrar Smith (February 17, 1824 -- February 28, 1903), known as ``Baldy'' Smith, was a Union general in the American Civil War, notable for attracting the extremes of glory and blame.	William Farrar Smith	American Civil War
conflict	Colonel Sir Archibald David Stirling, DSO, OBE (15 November 1915 -- 4 November 1990) was a British mountaineer, World War II British Army officer, and the founder of the Special Air Service.	David Stirling	World War II
continent	Spark Point, also Canto Point, is a rocky point forming the northwest side of the entrance to both Discovery Bay and Galápagos Cove, and the east side of the entrance to Jambelí Cove in the northeast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Spark Point	Antarctica
continent	The Krall Crags (77°27′S 166°49′E) are two rock summits rising to over 1,400 metres (4,600 ft) on the northwestern slope of Mount Erebus, Ross Island, Antarctica.	Krall Crags	Antarctica
continent	The Commonwealth Range is a north-south trending range of rugged mountains, 144 kilometres (89 mi) long, located within the Queen Maud Mountains on the Dufek Coast of the continent of Antarctica.	Commonwealth Range	Antarctica
continent	Vietnam (UK /ˌvjɛtˈnæm, -ˈnɑːm/, US i/ˌviːətˈnɑːm, -ˈnæm/; Vietnamese: Việt Nam (viət˨ næm˧)), officially the Socialist Republic of Vietnam (SRV; Vietnamese: Cộng Hòa Xã Hội Chủ Nghĩa Việt Nam ( listen)), is the easternmost country on the Indochina Peninsula in Southeast Asia.	Vietnam	Asia
continent	McSaveney Spur (77°17′S 160°37′E) is a prominent rock spur 2 nautical miles (4 km) northeast of Mount Bastion in the Willett Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	McSaveney Spur	Antarctica
continent	Kelley Nunatak (85°39′S 146°44′W) is a nunatak on the north side of Leverett Glacier in Antarctica, 12 nautical miles (22 km) northeast of Mount Gould.	Kelley Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Goreme Col (Bulgarian: Горемска седловина, ``Goremska Sedlovina'' \go-'rem-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is the col of elevation 2700 m linking Doyran Heights to the east to Mount Mohl on the northeast side of Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Goreme Col	Antarctica
continent	Lizards Foot (77°13′S 162°52′E) is a rocky spur forming the east end of the Saint Johns Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lizards Foot	Antarctica
continent	The Frazier Islands are a group of three rocky islands - Nelly, Dewart and Charlton - in the eastern part of Vincennes Bay, East Antarctica, 15 km (9 mi) west-north-west of Clark Peninsula, and 16 km offshore from Australia's Casey Station.	Frazier Islands	Antarctica
continent	McManus Glacier (69°28′S 71°27′W) is a glacier flowing north into Palestrina Glacier, in northwestern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	McManus Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Cape Monakov (67°9′S 48°41′E) is a cape on the west coast of Sakellari Peninsula, Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Cape Monakov	Antarctica
continent	Gossard Channel (66°5′S 101°13′E) is a narrow channel extending in an east--west direction between the Mariner Islands and Booth Peninsula in the central portion of the Highjump Archipelago, Antarctica.	Gossard Channel	Antarctica
continent	Guile Island (65°44′S 65°11′W) is an island lying 1 nautical mile (2 km) southwest of Duchaylard Island, in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Guile Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount Fidjeland (71°42′S 25°36′E) is a mountain, 1,630 metres (5,350 ft) high, standing close northeast of Mehaugen Hill on the west side of the mouth of Byrdbreen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Fidjeland	Antarctica
continent	Lettau Bluff (76°57′S 167°0′E) is a rock and ice bluff that forms the central part of the western edge of Beaufort Island, and rises 200 metres (660 ft) above the Ross Sea off Antarctica.	Lettau Bluff	Antarctica
continent	The Bermel Peninsula is a rugged, mountainous peninsula, approximately 15 mi (24 km) long and 7 mi (11 km) wide, located at 68°27′S 65°22′W between Solberg Inlet and Mobiloil Inlet on the Bowman Coast, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Bermel Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Anckorn Nunataks (70°14′S 63°12′W) are a group of nunataks and snow-covered hills, 15 nautical miles (28 km) long, between Mount Bailey and Mount Samsel in the eastern part of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Anckorn Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station (Polish:Polska Stacja Antarktyczna im. Henryka Arctowskiego) is a research station on King George Island, off the coast of Antarctica.	Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station	Antarctica
continent	Johnson Bluff (84°49′S 170°31′E) is a conspicuous rock bluff 5 nautical miles (9 km) east-northeast of Ranfurly Point, overlooking the east side of Keltie Glacier at its confluence with Beardmore Glacier, Antarctica.	Johnson Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Mount Leckie (70°26′S 66°0′E) is a roughly circular outcrop about 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Martin Massif in the Porthos Range, Prince Charles Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Leckie	Antarctica
continent	Vergilov Ridge (Bulgarian: Вергилов хребет, 'Vergilov Hrebet' \ver-'gi-lov 'hre-bet\) is a submarine ridge in South Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Vergilov Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Freeman (72°43′S 168°21′E) is a prominent mountain, 2,880 metres (9,450 ft) high, surmounting the base of Walker Ridge, 2 nautical miles (4 km) northwest of Mount Lepanto, in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Freeman	Antarctica
continent	Grinder Island is one of the ice-covered islands in the Marshall Archipelago, located within the Sulzberger Ice Shelf off the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Grinder Island	Antarctica
continent	Hervéou Point (65°4′S 64°3′W) is a point forming the western extremity of the rocky peninsula between Port Charcot and Salpetriere Bay, on the west side of Booth Island in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Hervéou Point	Antarctica
continent	Kistler Valley (82°30′S 51°30′W) is a mostly ice-filled valley in the east-central part of Dufek Massif, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Kistler Valley	Antarctica
continent	The Byrd Glacier is a major glacier in Antarctica, about 136 km long and 24 km wide, draining an extensive area of the polar plateau and flowing eastward between the Britannia Range and Churchill Mountains to discharge into the Ross Ice Shelf at Barne Inlet.	Byrd Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The FitzGerald Bluffs (74°3′S 77°20′W) are prominent north-facing bluffs, 9 nautical miles (17 km) long, located 30 nautical miles (56 km) south of the Snow Nunataks in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	FitzGerald Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	The core quality from the Dome Fuji station, East Antarctica, is excellent even in the brittle zone from 500 to 860 m deep, where the ice is fragile during the 'in situ' core-cutting procedure.	Dome F	Antarctica
continent	Lower Jaw Glacier (78°22′S 162°57′E) is the south branch of the glacier on the eastern side of the ridge running north from Shark Fin, a peak in Antarctica.	Lower Jaw Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ravda Peak (Vrah Ravda \'vr&h 'rav-da\) is a rocky peak of elevation 664 m in Levski Ridge, Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ravda Peak	Antarctica
continent	Godech Nunatak (Godechki Nunatak \go-'dech-ki 'nu-na-tak\) is a rocky 410m peak in lower Huron Glacier, in the north foothills of Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island, South Shetland Islands in Antarctica.	Godech Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Knuckle Reef (67°50′S 67°22′W) is a reef lying off Beacon Head, Horseshoe Island, Antarctica.	Knuckle Reef	Antarctica
continent	Dobrich Knoll (Dobrichka Mogila \'do-brich-ka mo-'gi-la\) rises to over 400 m in the middle of Veleka Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in Antarctica.	Dobrich Knoll	Antarctica
continent	The Longhorn Spurs (84°36′S 174°45′W) form a high ridge, 12 nautical miles (22 km) long, extending north from the Prince Olav Mountains of Antarctica between Massam Glacier and Barrett Glacier to the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf.	Longhorn Spurs	Antarctica
continent	The Katanga Supergroup is a Neoproterozoic sequence of geological formations found in central Africa.	Katanga Supergroup	Africa
continent	Kotrag Nunatak (Nunatak Kotrag \'nu-na-tak ko-'trag\) is a conspicuous rocky peak of elevation 290 m projecting from Murgash Glacier, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Kotrag Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	East Stack (67°5′S 58°12′E) is a coastal rock outcrop which rises to 60 metres (200 ft) on the east side of Hoseason Glacier, 16 nautical miles (30 km) southeast of Edward VIII Bay in Antarctica.	East Stack	Antarctica
continent	Paramun Buttress (Bulgarian: Парамунски рид, ``Paramunski Rid'' \pa-ra-'mun-ski 'rid\) is the ice-covered buttress rising to 1500 m on the southeast side of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, and situated between tributaries to Edgeworth Glacier.	Paramun Buttress	Antarctica
continent	Great Britain, also known as Britain i/ˈbrɪ.tən/, is an island in the North Atlantic off the north-west coast of continental Europe.	Great Britain	Europe
continent	Kubitza Glacier (70°24′S 63°11′W) is a northern tributary glacier to the Clifford Glacier, joining it just east of Mount Samsel in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Kubitza Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Midgley Island (66°20′S 110°24′E) is a rocky island, 0.8 nautical miles (1.5 km) long, lying immediately south of Hollin Island in the Windmill Islands of Antarctica.	Midgley Island	Antarctica
continent	English Strait is the 10.5-mile (17-km) long and 1.2-mile (2-km) wide strait lying between Greenwich Island and Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	English Strait	Antarctica
continent	Alepu Rocks (Bulgarian: скали Алепу, ``Skali Alepu'' \ska-'li a-le-'pu\) is the group of rocks off the east coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, situated in an area with a diameter of 380 m (416 yd).	Alepu Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The McCuddin Mountains is a small cluster of mountains in Antarctica consisting mainly of two large mountains, Mount Flint and Mount Petras, along with several scattered peaks and nunataks.	McCuddin Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Palestrina Glacier (69°21′S 71°35′W) is a glacier lying in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica, 11 nautical miles (20 km) long and 8 nautical miles (15 km) wide, flowing west from Nichols Snowfield into Lazarev Bay.	Palestrina Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Reina Sofía (Spanish: Monte Reina Sofía) is the mostly ice-free peak rising to 275 m on Hurd Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and surmounting Johnsons Glacier to the east and northeast, and the Spanish Antarctic base Juan Carlos Primero to the north-northwest.	Mount Reina Sofía	Antarctica
continent	Bishop Glacier (69°42′S 71°27′W) is a glacier flowing southwest into the Mozart Ice Piedmont, situated in the northwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Bishop Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Loftus Glacier (77°33′S 162°47′E) is a valley glacier between Mount Weyant and Mount McLennan, which flows north to join Newall Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Loftus Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Samuel Peak is the 540 m peak in central Vidin Heights, Livingston Island, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Samuel Peak	Antarctica
continent	Random Hills (74°7′S 164°25′E) are a group of rugged hills in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Random Hills	Antarctica
continent	Kiletangen Ice Tongue (69°57′S 26°25′E) is a narrow projection of the ice shelf on the east side of Tangekilen Bay, along the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kiletangen Ice Tongue	Antarctica
continent	Ilarion Ridge is a partly ice-free ridge of elevation 240 m situated in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island, Antarctica.	Ilarion Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Telefon Bay is a small bay on the north-west coast of Port Foster, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Telefon Bay	Antarctica
continent	Marr Bay (60°42′S 44°31′W) is a bay lying between Cape Valavielle and Fraser Point along the north coast of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica.	Marr Bay	Antarctica
continent	Viking Valley (71°53′S 68°21′W) is a valley lying on the east side of Mars Glacier containing a braided stream which feeds into Secret Lake, situated in the southeast corner of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Viking Valley	Antarctica
continent	Byrd Subglacial Basin (80°S 115°W) is a major subglacial basin of West Antarctica, extending east-west between the Crary Mountains and the Ellsworth Mountains.	Byrd Subglacial Basin	Antarctica
continent	Witches Cauldron (69°56′S 69°49′W) is an ice-filled basin on the west side of the Douglas Range, immediately west of Mount Egbert in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Witches Cauldron	Antarctica
continent	Siebert Rock (64°49′S 63°2′W) is a rock off the southwest point of Lemaire Island in the entrance to Lientur Channel, Danco Coast, Graham Land, Antarctica.	Siebert Rock	Antarctica
continent	Mount Marsden (67°52′S 66°3′E) is a bare rock mountain, 600 metres (2,000 ft) high, lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) southwest of Mount Rivett in the Gustav Bull Mountains of Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Mount Marsden	Antarctica
continent	Depending on how it is measured, the Rio Grande is the fourth- or fifth-longest river system in North America.	Rio Grande	North America
continent	Mount Rhamnus (68°11′S 66°50′W) is a mountain in Antarctica.	Mount Rhamnus	Antarctica
continent	Emerald Nunatak (69°39′S 69°59′W) is a nunatak 1,250 metres (4,100 ft) high on the west side of the Douglas Range near the head of Hampton Glacier in northeast Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Emerald Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Petroff Point (Bulgarian: Петров нос, ``Petrov Nos'' \pe-'trov 'nos\) is a rocky point on the east coast of Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica projecting northeastwards 1.2 km into Hill Bay.	Petroff Point	Antarctica
continent	Gargoyle Ridge (82°24′S 159°30′E) is a high rock ridge forming the south end of the Cobham Range in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Gargoyle Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hallgren (73°23′S 3°22′W) is a mountain, largely ice-covered, with a steep, rocky northern face, situated 27 nautical miles (50 km) southwest of the Neumayer Cliffs in the Kirwan Escarpment, Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hallgren	Antarctica
continent	Mount Monteagle (73°43′S 165°28′E) is a high, sharp peak, 2,780 metres (9,120 ft) high, standing 10 nautical miles (19 km) north of Cape Sibbald in the Mountaineer Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Monteagle	Antarctica
continent	Flanagan Glacier (79°29′S 82°42′W) is a glacier in the Pioneer Heights of the Heritage Range, Antarctica, draining east from Thompson Escarpment between the Gross Hills and the Nimbus Hills to the confluent ice at the lower end of Union Glacier.	Flanagan Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Bifrost Ledge (77°35′S 162°11′E) is a flat benchlike feature in Antarctica that rises to 1,750 metres (5,740 ft) on the north side of Mount Holm-Hansen in the Asgard Range, McMurdo Dry Valleys.	Bifrost Ledge	Antarctica
continent	Mascías Cove (64°54′S 63°1′W) is a cove indenting the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica, immediately east of Mount Banck.	Mascías Cove	Antarctica
continent	Lambert Nunatak (75°25′S 137°54′W) is a rock nunatak that protrudes through the snow mantle of the southeastern Coulter Heights, near the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Lambert Nunatak	Antarctica
country	Valična Vas (pronounced (ʋaˈliːtʃna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Valična vas) is a village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Valična Vas	Slovenia
country	Tuuri is a village in Alavus, a city of Finland.	Tuuri	Finland
country	Okrog pri Motniku (pronounced (ɔˈkɾoːk pɾi mɔˈtniːku)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Okrog pri Motniku	Slovenia
country	Nir Yitzhak (Hebrew: נִיר יִצְחָק, Yitzhak's Meadow) is a kibbutz in the northwestern Negev desert of Israel.	Nir Yitzhak	Israel
country	The Grande Parel (2,725 m) is a mountain in the Beaufortain massif in Savoie, France.	Grande Parel	France
country	Romagnano Sesia railway station (Italian: Stazione di Romagnano Sesia) is the train station serving the comune of Romagnano Sesia, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Romagnano Sesia railway station	Italy
country	Bonar-e Soleymani (Persian: بنارسليماني‎, also Romanized as Bonār-e Soleymānī; also known as Bonār, Bonār-e Zīārat, and Bunār) is a village in Dashti-ye Esmail Khani Rural District, Ab Pakhsh District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bonar-e Soleymani	Iran
country	The Barricades (Latvian: Barikādes) were a series of confrontations between Latvia and forces loyal to the Soviet Union in January 1991 which took place mainly in Riga.	The Barricades	Soviet Union
country	Chol Kiri District (Khmer: ស្រុកជលគីរី) is a district (srok) in the east of Kampong Chhnang Province, in central Cambodia.	Chol Kiri District	Cambodia
country	Santissima Trinità delle Monache is a large former monastery and church in central Naples, Italy; it now serves as a military hospital.	Santissima Trinità delle Monache	Italy
country	Grivče (pronounced (ˈɡɾiːu̯tʃɛ)) is a settlement on the northern outskirts of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Grivče	Slovenia
country	Parož (pronounced (ˈpaːɾɔʃ)) is a dispersed settlement in the upper valley of Dobrnica Creek, a minor right tributary of the Hudinja River, in Slovenia.	Parož	Slovenia
country	The Canton of Les Riceys is one of the 17 cantons of the Aube department, in northern France.	Canton of Les Riceys	France
country	Tall-e Siasat (Persian: تل سياست‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Sīāsat and Tol Sīāsat) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tall-e Siasat	Iran
country	Snaefell Mountain Course or Mountain Course is a road-racing street circuit used for the Isle of Man TT since 1911 and Manx Grand Prix races from 1923 in the Isle of Man.	Snaefell Mountain Course	Isle of Man
country	The Kalutara Balika National School is a Buddhist girl's school in Kalutara, Sri Lanka.	Kalutara Balika National School	Sri Lanka
country	Hadiach (Ukrainian: Гáдяч, Russian: Гáдяч, Polish: Hadziacz), sometimes spelled Hadyach, Gadyach, Gadiach, or Hadziacz, is a city of regional significance in Poltava Oblast (province) in the central-east part of Ukraine.	Hadiach	Ukraine
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammadabad (Persian: مزرعه محمداباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammadābād) is a village in Khorrami Rural District, in the Central District of Khorrambid County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammadabad	Iran
country	Sløsse is a small town in southern Denmark, on the island Lolland.	Sløsse	Denmark
country	The river Łutownia (Polish pronunciation: (wuˈtɔvɲa); Belarusian: Лутоўня), in north-eastern Poland, is a left-bank tributary of the Narewka river.	Łutownia	Poland
country	Mbini is a town in Rio Muni, Equatorial Guinea, lying at the mouth of the Benito River.	Mbini	Equatorial Guinea
country	Gabrovo (Bulgarian: Габрово) is a city in central northern Bulgaria, the administrative centre of Gabrovo Province.	Gabrovo	Bulgaria
country	Spodnje Jablane (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈjaːblanɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnje Jablane	Slovenia
country	Kikwete Bridge is a bridge currently under construction in Tanzania across the Malagarasi River.	Kikwete Bridge	Tanzania
country	Beit Jinn (Arabic: بيت جن‎) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located southwest of Damascus on the foothills of Mount Hermon.	Beit Jinn	Syria
country	The Rocca Abbaziale (also called the Rocca dei Borgia) is an abbey, designed as a castle, in Subiaco, Lazio, Italy.	Rocca Abbaziale	Italy
country	Wolseley Road is the most expensive residential road/street in Australia and its status stands as Australia's ultimate address, with 16 of the top 100 most expensive houses in Sydney being located on this road.	Wolseley Road	Australia
country	The Australasian Post, commonly called the Aussie Post, was Australia's longest-running weekly picture magazine.	Australasian Post	Australia
country	Robati Shahzadeh (Persian: رباطي شاهزاده‎, also Romanized as Robāţī Shāhzādeh) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District, Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Robati Shahzadeh	Iran
country	Pecaut Square is a large concrete-and granite-clad plaza located in front of Metro Hall in Toronto, Canada.	Pecaut Square	Canada
country	Saint George Hospital University Medical Center is the oldest Lebanese hospital founded in 1878 and one of the three leading Lebanese medical centers, located in Achrafieh, Beirut, Lebanon.	Saint George Hospital University Medical Center	Lebanon
country	Morgonbris, full title Morgonbris: arbeterskornas tidning (meaning ``Morning Breeze: Journal for working women''), is the magazine of the Social Democratic Women in Sweden.	Morgonbris	Sweden
country	Qaleh Qafeh (Persian: قلعه قافه‎, also Romanized as Qal’eh Qafeh) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qaleh Qafeh	Iran
country	Leylan (Persian: ليلان‎; also Romanized as Leylān, Lailān, and Laylān) is a city in and the capital of Leylan District, in Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Leylan	Iran
country	Gorzanowice (ɡɔʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Ober Hohendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolków, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gorzanowice	Poland
country	South Wairarapa District is at the south-east tip of the North Island of New Zealand.	South Wairarapa District	New Zealand
country	The Goldfields Railway is a heritage railway that operates between Waihi and Waikino in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island.	Goldfields Railway	New Zealand
country	Shizhu County Railway Station is a railway station currently being built in Chongqing City, People's Republic of China, on the Yuli Railway operated by the Ministry of Railways of the PRC.	Shizhu County Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Hoora (Arabic: الحورة‎) a district of Manama, the capital of Bahrain.	Hoora	Bahrain
country	The Rio Bavispe or Bavispe River is a river in Mexico which flows briefly north then mainly south by southwest until it joins with the Aros River to become the Yaqui River, eventually joining the Gulf of California.	Bavispe River	Mexico
country	Littenseradiel ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the northern Netherlands.	Littenseradiel	Netherlands
country	Jakunówko (jakuˈnufkɔ) (German: Jakunen, until 1938 Jakunowken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jakunówko	Poland
country	Risalewala railway station (Urdu: رسالے والا ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located on Risalewala village, Faisalabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Risalewala railway station	Pakistan
country	Berbérati Airport (IATA: BBT, ICAO: FEFT) is an airport serving Berbérati, the capital city of the Mambéré-Kadéï prefecture in the Central African Republic.	Berbérati Airport	Central African Republic
country	Ano Achaia (Greek: Άνω Αχαΐα meaning Upper Achaea) is a village in the municipality of West Achaea, Greece.	Ano Achaia	Greece
country	Kord Neshin (Persian: كردنشين‎, also Romanized as Kord Neshīn; also known as Kord Eshin, Kord Īshīn, Kūrdashī, and Kyurdashin) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kord Neshin	Iran
country	El Ràfol d'Almúnia (Valencian pronunciation: (eɫ ˈrafoɫ daɫˈmunia), Spanish: Ráfol de Almunia) is a municipality in the comarca of Marina Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.	El Ràfol d'Almúnia	Spain
country	Makalu (in Nepal officially मकालु, in China officially Makaru; Chinese: 马卡鲁山, Pinyin: Mǎkǎlǔ Shān; Makalungma in Limbu) is the fifth highest mountain in the world at 8,485 metres (27,838 ft).	Makalu	Nepal
country	Türkbükü is a coastal town in Muğla Province in southwestern Turkey, located on the Turkish Riviera on the opposite side of the Bodrum peninsula from the town of Bodrum.	Türkbükü	Turkey
country	Thai Rath is the oldest newspaper in the native language (Bangkok Post, the English-language daily, is the oldest published newspaper in the country with a history of more than 60 years) and is the best-selling newspaper in Thailand, claiming a circulation in excess of 1 million copies daily.	Thai Rath	Thailand
country	The University of Asia and the Pacific (UA&P) is a private research university in the Philippines.	University of Asia and the Pacific	Philippines
country	Heyran Rural District (Persian: دهستان حيران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Heyran Rural District	Iran
country	Chankillo is an ancient monumental complex in the Peruvian coastal desert, found in the Casma-Sechin basin in the Ancash Department of Peru.	Chankillo	Peru
country	The Victoria Clock Tower, also known as the Diamond Jubilee Clock Tower, is a heritage-registered clock tower located in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Victoria Clock Tower	New Zealand
country	Blekinge (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈbleːˈkɪŋə)) is one of the traditional provinces of Sweden (landskap), situated in the south of the country.	Blekinge	Sweden
country	Jurcz (jurt͡ʂ) (German: Jürtsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ścinawa, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jurcz	Poland
country	Store Måsvann or Store Måsvannet (Northern Sami: Stuorra Sopmir) is a lake in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Store Måsvann	Norway
country	The Port of Santo Domingo is located at the mouth of the marine entrance to the City of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Port of Santo Domingo	Dominican Republic
country	Tërbaç is a community in the Vlorë County, southwestern Albania.	Tërbaç	Albania
country	Tirau is a small town in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand, 50 kilometres southeast of Hamilton.	Tirau	New Zealand
country	Yongdu-dong is a dong, legal neighbourhood of Dongdaemun-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Yongdu-dong	South Korea
country	Vələçola (also, Vela-Chela and Velechola) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Vələçola	Azerbaijan
country	Spodnje Pirniče (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈpiːɾnitʃɛ)) is a village on the left bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Pirniče	Slovenia
country	Ask Church (Norwegian: Ask kirke) is a parish church in Askøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ask Church	Norway
country	Hyderabad Taluka (rural) (Sindhi: حيدرآباد ٻهراڙي‎) is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Hyderabad Taluka (rural)	Pakistan
country	Stolberg Castle (German: Schloss Stolberg) is a palace in the town of Stolberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany.	Stolberg Castle	Germany
country	Saint-Georges-d'Oléron is a commune on Oléron Island in the Charente-Maritime department in western France.	Saint-Georges-d'Oléron	France
country	Sanglas motorcycles were of relatively large engine for its time, especially for Spain.	Sanglas	Spain
country	Stützengrün is a community in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, Saxony, Germany.	Stützengrün	Germany
country	St. Gangolf's church is a Roman Catholic church in Trier, Germany.	St. Gangolf's church	Germany
country	Qaleh Sareban (Persian: قلعه ساربان‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Sārebān, Qal``eh Sārbān, and Qal``eh-ye Sārebān) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District, Jolgeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 189, in 39 families.	Qaleh Sareban	Iran
country	Yeeda Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Yeeda Station	Australia
country	Åmål (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈoːmoːl)) is a locality and the seat of Åmål Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 9,065 inhabitants in 2010.	Åmål	Sweden
country	Hairanwala Kalan is a village in Wazirabad Tehsil, in the Gujranwala District of Punjab, Pakistan.	Hairanwala Kalan	Pakistan
country	The Philadelphia Church (Swedish: Filadelfiakyrkan) is a church building at Rörstrandsgatan 7 in Stockholm, Sweden.	Philadelphia Church	Sweden
country	Halle-Neustadt (popularly known as HaNeu, pronounced Ha-Noi) was a city in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) .	Halle-Neustadt	Germany
country	Rudolec (until 1946 Německý Rudolec, German: Deutsch Rudoletz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Žďár nad Sázavou District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Rudolec	Czech Republic
country	Mrtvica (Serbian: Мртвица) is a village in the municipality of Vladičin Han, Serbia.	Mrtvica	Serbia
country	The Frankfurt Institute for Advanced Studies (FIAS) is a private-public institution for basic theoretical research in various areas of science focusing on interdisciplinary research located in Frankfurt, Hessen, Germany.	Frankfurt Institute for Advanced Studies	Germany
country	Vileyka Voblast (Belarusian: Вілейская вобласць, Russian: Вилейская область) was a territorial unit in the Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic created out of the eastern powiats of the Wilno Voivodeship after the annexation of West Belarus (then part of Poland) into the BSSR in November 1939.	Vileyka Voblast	Belarus
country	Band-e Amir National Park (Persian: بند امیر‎‎) is Afghanistan's first national park, located in the Bamyan Province.	Band-e Amir National Park	Afghanistan
country	Goniądz (ˈɡɔɲɔnt͡s) is a town in Poland, located at the Biebrza river, (pop. 1,915) in Mońki county (Powiat of Mońki) in Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland.	Goniądz	Poland
country	Beitang District (simplified Chinese: 北塘区; traditional Chinese: 北塘區; pinyin: Běitáng Qū) is one of six urban districts of Wuxi, Jiangsu Province, People's Republic of China.	Beitang District	People's Republic of China
country	Hugo Treffner Gymnasium (Estonian: Hugo Treffneri Gümnaasium; abbreviated as HTG) is a secondary school in Tartu, Estonia with special emphasis on science education.	Hugo Treffner Gymnasium	Estonia
country	Pacobo (also spelled Pakobo) is a town in southeastern Ivory Coast.	Pacobo	Ivory Coast
country	Bishapur (Middle Persian: Bay-Šāpūr; Persian: بیشاپور‎‎, Bishâpûr) was an ancient city in Iran on the ancient road between Persis and Elam.	Bishapur	Iran
country	Jérica (in Valencian Xèrica) is a town in the Castellón province of Valencian Community, Spain.	Jérica	Spain
country	Atnarko is a locality on the Atnarko River, at the south end of Tweedsmuir Provincial Park in the Bella Coola Valley region of British Columbia, Canada.	Atnarko	Canada
country	Saint Anna German High School (Russian: Главное немецкое училище Святой Анны), usually known as Annenschule (Russian: Анненшуле), was a school in Saint Petersburg, Russia founded in 1736 for children of the German population of the city.	Annenschule	Russia
country	Bowj (Persian: بوج‎, also Romanized as Būj; also known as Borj, Bowi, and Būzh) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bowj	Iran
country	Krnče (pronounced (ˈkəɾntʃɛ)) is a small settlement north of the village of Sveti Gregor in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Krnče	Slovenia
country	Ubombo, is a small town in northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa about 17km north-east of Mkuze.	Ubombo	South Africa
country	Neptune Islands Conservation Park is a protected area occupying most of the Neptune Islands in South Australia about 55 km (34 mi) south-south east of Port Lincoln.	Neptune Islands Conservation Park	Australia
country	Ashton Vale is a suburb located in the Bedminster ward of Bristol, United Kingdom.	Ashton Vale	United Kingdom
country	Styrum (German pronunciation: (ˈʃtiːʁʊm); sometimes spelled ``Stirum'') was an immediate lordship in the Holy Roman Empire, located in Mülheim an der Ruhr, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Styrum	Germany
country	Solnitsata (Bulgarian: Солницата, ``The Saltworks'') was an ancient town located in present-day Bulgaria, near the modern city of Provadia.	Solnitsata	Bulgaria
country	Sarıçoban (also, Sarychoban) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sarıçoban	Azerbaijan
country	Shizishan District (Chinese: 獅子山區; pinyin: Shīzishān Qū) is a district under the administration of Tongling City, Anhui Province, People's Republic of China.	Shizishan District	People's Republic of China
country	Tang-e Lateh (Persian: تنگلته‎, also Romanized as Tang Lateh; also known as Tang-i-Laleh) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tang-e Lateh	Iran
country	Sébédoufla (also spelled Sobédoufla) is a village in central Ivory Coast.	Sébédoufla	Ivory Coast
country	La Candelaria is a historic neighborhood in downtown Bogotá, Colombia.	La Candelaria	Colombia
country	Rubirizi, sometimes spelled Rubiriizi, is a town in Rubirizi District, Ankole sub-region, Western Uganda.	Rubirizi	Uganda
country	Porta Settimiana is one of the gates of the Aurelian walls in Rome (Italy).	Porta Settimiana	Italy
country	Bukan County (Persian: شهرستان بوکان‎) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Bukan County	Iran
country	Yatzitz (Hebrew: יָצִיץ, lit. (He) will Bud) is a moshav in central Israel.	Yatzitz	Israel
country	Karnut (Armenian: Կառնուտ, also Romanized as Karrnut; formerly, Diraklar and Dirak) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Karnut	Armenia
country	Arquà Petrarca (arˈkwa ppeˈtrarka) is a town and municipality (comune) in northeastern Italy, in the Veneto region, in the province of Padua.	Arquà Petrarca	Italy
country	Cyzicus (/ˈsɪzɨkəs/; Ancient Greek: Κύζικος Kyzikos; Ottoman Turkish: آیدینجق‎, Aydıncıḳ) was an ancient town of Mysia in Anatolia in the current Balıkesir Province of Turkey.	Cyzicus	Turkey
country	Grzechynia (ɡʐɛˈxɨɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Grzechynia	Poland
country	Sungai Padi Road (Thai: ถนนสุไหงปาดี, Thanon Sungai Padi) or National highway 4056 (Thai: ทางหลวงแผ่นดินหมายเลข 4056) is a major road in Narathiwat Province of Thailand.	Sungai Padi Road	Thailand
country	Andaranfulbari is a big place of Tufanganj Block-1 of Tufanganj subdivision in the District of Coochbehar of West bengal, India .	Andaranfulbari	India
country	Sankt Marein im Mürztal is a municipality in the district of Bruck-Mürzzuschlag in Styria, Austria.	Sankt Marein im Mürztal	Austria
country	The Valea Lungă Mică River is a small river in Cluj County, Romania.	Valea Lungă Mică River	Romania
country	Cacela Island, in the Algarve region of mainland Portugal, was a peninsula up to the winter of 2010, when the sea cut the peninsula and turned its westernmost part into an island.	Cacela Island	Portugal
country	The Waitomo Glowworm Caves attraction is a cave at Waitomo on the North Island of New Zealand, known for its population of glowworms, Arachnocampa luminosa.	Waitomo Glowworm Caves	New Zealand
country	Slieau Freoaghane (from the Manx for mountain of the bilberry; pronounced (sluːfəˈraːn)) is a hill on the Isle of Man, and the second highest of the Island's five Marilyns.	Slieau Freoaghane	Isle of Man
country	Kuranui College is a state coeducational secondary school located in Greytown, New Zealand.	Kuranui College	New Zealand
country	El Agheila (Arabic: العقيلة al-'Uqaylah‎) is a coastal city at the bottom of the Gulf of Sidra in far western Cyrenaica, Libya.	El Agheila	Libya
country	Diu district (Portuguese: Distrito de Diu) is one of the two districts of Daman and Diu, a union territory of India.	Diu district	India
country	The 1991 South American Women's Football Championship (Campeonato Sudamericano de Fútbol Femenino 1991) was held in Maringá, Brazil.	1991 South American Women's Football Championship	Brazil
country	The Melbourne Metro Rail Project, formally known as the Metro Rail Capacity Project, is a planned metropolitan rail infrastructure project in Melbourne, Australia.	Melbourne Metro Rail Project	Australia
country	Sanjay Van is a sprawling city forest area near Vasant Kunj and Mehrauli in Delhi, India.	Sanjay Van	India
country	Jalan Temenggong Ahmad or Jalan Parit Jawa (Johor state route ) (Jawi: جالن تماڠڬوڠ احمد) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.	Jalan Temenggong Ahmad	Malaysia
country	Beretta manufactured rifles and pistols for the Italian military until the 1943 Armistice between Italy and the Allied forces during World War II. With the Wehrmacht's control of northern Italy, the Germans seized Beretta and continued producing arms until the 1945 German surrender in Italy.	Beretta	Italy
country	The Baur au Lac or Bauer au Lac is a luxury hotel in Talstrasse, Zürich, Switzerland.	Baur au Lac	Switzerland
country	Punta Huete Airport (ICAO: MNFC) is an airport located in the municipality of San Francisco Libre in Managua, Nicaragua.	Punta Huete Airport	Nicaragua
country	In September 2006, 612 ABC Brisbane was ``host radio broadcaster'' for naturalist Steve Irwin's memorial service at Australia Zoo, Beerwah.	612 ABC Brisbane	Australia
country	Arboucave (Arbocava in Gascon) is a commune of the Landes department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Arboucave	France
country	Comilla (Bengali: কুমিল্লা) is a city in eastern Bangladesh, located along the Dhaka-Chittagong Highway.	Comilla	Bangladesh
country	The Prince Arthur Herald (PAH) is a bilingual online student newspaper based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	The Prince Arthur Herald	Canada
country	Canencia (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈnenθja)) is a municipality of the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	Canencia	Spain
country	Yovon District or Nohiya-i Yovon (Tajik: Ноҳияи Ёвон, Persian: ناحیۀ یاوان‎) is a district in Khatlon province, Tajikistan.	Yovon District	Tajikistan
country	Allosso is a town in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Allosso	Ivory Coast
country	Moedwil is a small town near Swartruggens, North West Province, South Africa.	Moedwil	South Africa
country	The 1999 Belgian Grand Prix (formally the LVII Foster's Belgian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 29 August 1999 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Spa, Belgium.	1999 Belgian Grand Prix	Belgium
country	Tit Mellil is a town and municipality in Médiouna Province of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Tit Mellil	Morocco
country	Dolno Sonje is a small village south of Skopje, the capital of the country of Macedonia.	Dolno Sonje	Macedonia
country	Delhi Public School Ghaziabad (DPSG) is a private educational institution in Ghaziabad, India, established in 1980.	Delhi Public School Ghaziabad	India
country	Khanewal Junction railway station (Urdu: خانیوال جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in the city of Khanewal, Punjab province of Pakistan.	Khanewal Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	Chrámec (Hungarian: Harmac) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Chrámec	Slovakia
country	Lulin Observatory (Chinese: 鹿林天文台; pinyin: Lùlín Tiānwéntái; literally: ``Deer Forest Astronomical Observatory'') is an astronomical observatory operated by the Institute of Astronomy, National Central University in Taiwan.	Lulin Observatory	Taiwan
country	Pęcice (pɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pęcice	Poland
country	Mohammadqoli Qeshlaq (Persian: محمدقلي قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadqolī Qeshlāq; also known as Moḩammad ``Alī Qeshlāqī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 444, in 77 families.	Mohammadqoli Qeshlaq	Iran
country	Nordefjorden (Northern Sami: Nuorttat Dáččavuotna) is a fjord on the west side of the island of Seiland in Hammerfest Municipality, Finnmark county, Norway.	Nordefjorden	Norway
country	The Special Panels of the Dili District Court (also called the East Timor Tribunal) was the hybrid international--	Special Panels of the Dili District Court	East Timor
country	Ogardzki Młyn (ɔˈɡart͡ski ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Krajeńskie, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Ogardzki Młyn	Poland
country	The Canton of Montlieu-la-Garde is a former canton of the Charente-Maritime department, in France.	Canton of Montlieu-la-Garde	France
country	Ebdentown is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand situated about a kilometre from the Upper Hutt city centre.	Ebdentown	New Zealand
country	Sa Kaeo (Thai: สระแก้ว) is a town (thesaban mueang) in Thailand, about 48 kilometers from the Thai-Cambodian border.	Sa Kaeo	Thailand
country	Lemonsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Vågå in Oppland county, Norway.	Lemonsjøen	Norway
country	Mottama (Burmese: မုတ္တမမြို့, pronounced: (moʊʔtəma̰ mjo̰); Mon: မိုဟ် တၟံ, (mùh mɔʔ); formerly Martaban) is a small town in the Thaton district of Mon State, Myanmar.	Mottama	Myanmar
country	The Punakha Dzong, also known as Pungtang Dechen Photrang Dzong (meaning ``the palace of great happiness or bliss''), is the administrative centre of Punakha District in Punakha, Bhutan.	Punakha Dzong	Bhutan
country	Darvish Rash (Persian: درويش رش‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Rash; also known as Darvīsheh Rash) is a village in Karaftu Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darvish Rash	Iran
country	Villeneuve-d'Aval is a commune in the Jura department in the Franche-Comté region located in the eastern portion of France, the world's largest country.	Villeneuve-d'Aval	France
country	The Board of Trade, originally the Lords of Trade or Lords of Trade and Plantations, is a committee of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom, first established as a temporary committee of inquiry in the 17th century that evolved gradually into a government department with a diverse range of functions.	Board of Trade	United Kingdom
country	Licantén is a town within the Licantén commune, administered by the Municipality of Licantén within the Curicó Province in the Maule Region of Chile.	Licantén	Chile
country	Limoges Concert Hall (also known as Concert Hall in Limoges) is a concert hall designed by famous architect Bernard Tschumi.This building is located in a wooded area on the outskirts of a small city in central France called Limoges.The concert hall in Limoges can accommodate up to 8,000 spectators.	Limoges Concert Hall	France
country	Badileyan (Persian: بديليان‎, also Romanized as Badīleyān and Badīlīān; also known as Badīlī and Shahrak-e Badīlīān) is a village in Kheybar Rural District, Choghamish District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Badileyan	Iran
country	Sounds FM was a radio station in the Marlborough region of New Zealand.	Sounds FM	New Zealand
country	Prusiek (ˈpruɕek) (Ukrainian: Прусік, Prusik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Prusiek	Poland
country	Dniprorudne (Ukrainian: Дніпрорудне) is a city in Vasylivka Raion of Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine.	Dniprorudne	Ukraine
country	Sikandar Pura is a village located on the Chunian-Khudian road, 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) from Khudian and 17 kilometres (11 mi) from Chunian, in Kasur District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Sikandar Pura	Pakistan
country	Protected area Pliva, Janj with Janjske Otoke reserve are protected nature areas in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Protected area Pliva, Janj with Janjske Otoke reserve	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tadeda Peak, also known unofficially as Tadeda Centre, is a volcanic peak in northern British Columbia, Canada, located just southeast of Coffee Crater in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.	Tadeda Peak	Canada
country	Genavi (Persian: گنوي‎, also Romanized as Genāvī; also known as Ganaveh and Gināvi) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Genavi	Iran
country	Qazian (Urdu: قاضياں‎) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Punjab, Pakistan.	Qazian	Pakistan
country	Mlomp is a rural community and village in the Ziguinchor Region of Senegal in the Casamance, situated approximately 40 km (25 mi) south-west of Ziguinchor.	Mlomp	Senegal
country	Xewkija Heliport (ICAO: LMMG), also known as Gozo Heliport, is a small heliport on the island of Gozo in Malta, near the town of Xewkija.	Xewkija Heliport	Malta
country	Velika Ilova Gora (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika ˈiːlɔʋa ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Velika Ilova Gora	Slovenia
country	Buur Heybe (``the mountain of the clay sand'') is a small village in the southern Bay province of Somalia.	Buur Heybe	Somalia
country	Jamrag-e Shomali (Persian: جمرگ شمالي‎, also Romanized as Jamrag-e Shomālī; also known as Jamrak-e Shomālī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Jamrag-e Shomali	Iran
country	The Las Hermosas National Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Natural Las Hermosas) is a national park located in the Valle del Cauca and Tolima departments, at the highest elevation of Cordillera Central range in the Andean Region of Colombia.	Las Hermosas National Natural Park	Colombia
country	School District 62 Sooke is a school district in British Columbia, Canada.	School District 62 Sooke	Canada
country	Mārsnēni parish (Latvian: Mārsnēnu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Priekuļi Municipality, Latvia.	Mārsnēni parish	Latvia
country	Exchange Tower is a 36 storey 146 m (479 ft) tower in the First Canadian Place complex of Toronto, Ontario, Canada completed in 1981.	Exchange Tower	Canada
country	Manaraga is a peak in the northern Ural Mountains, within the Komi Republic of Siberia, in Russia.	Manaraga	Russia
country	Rawan Ella is a waterfall in the village of Uduhawara, in Badulla district, Sri Lanka.	Rawan Ella	Sri Lanka
country	After the Estates of Lower Austria built their assembly house at the Palais Niederösterreich in 1513, the street was renamed Herrengasse.	Herrengasse	Austria
country	Rodež (pronounced (ˈɾoːdɛʃ); formerly Sveti Lenart, German: Sankt Leonardi) is a village in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Rodež	Slovenia
country	Saint-Priest-des-Champs is a French commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in the Auvergne of central France.	Saint-Priest-des-Champs	France
country	Guadalcanal (indigenous name: Isatabu) is the principal island in Guadalcanal Province of the nation of Solomon Islands in the south-western Pacific, northeast of Australia.	Guadalcanal	Solomon Islands
country	Tritaia (Greek: Τριταία) is a former municipality in Achaea, West Greece, Greece.	Tritaia	Greece
country	Hoseynabad-e Tang-e Khomar (Persian: حسين ابادتنگ خمار‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Tang-e Khomār; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District, Now Bandegan District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Tang-e Khomar	Iran
country	Sabour (Urdu صبور) is a Union Council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Sabour	Pakistan
country	Lake Nyuk (Russian: Нюк, Finnish: Nuokkijärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, northwestern part of Russia.	Lake Nyuk	Russia
country	Kjøkkelvik is a mostly residential neighborhood of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Kjøkkelvik	Norway
country	Vāne parish (Latvian: Vānes pagasts) was an administrative unit of the Tukums District, Latvia.	Vāne parish	Latvia
country	Cirta (from Berber: KRTN or Kirthan, Phoenician: Tzirta) was the capital city of the Berber Kingdom of Numidia in northern Africa (modern Algeria).	Cirta	Algeria
country	Mulkirigala Raja Maha Vihara (also known as Mulgirigala Raja Maha Vihara) is an ancient and an archaeological Buddhist temple in Mulkirigala Sri Lanka.	Mulkirigala Raja Maha Vihara	Sri Lanka
country	Rott Abbey (Kloster Rott) was a Benedictine monastery in Rott am Inn in Bavaria, Germany.	Rott Abbey	Germany
country	Prestesteinsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway, with a small part of the lake crossing over into the neighboring municipality of Lom (in Oppland county).	Prestesteinsvatnet	Norway
country	The Limpopo National Park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional do Limpopo) was born when the status of Coutada 16 Wildlife Utilisation Area in Gaza Province, Mozambique, was changed from a hunting concession to a protected area.	Limpopo National Park	Mozambique
country	The Bellairs Research Institute, located on the Caribbean island of Barbados, was founded in 1954 as a field-station for McGill University.	Bellairs Research Institute	Barbados
country	The Bigadiç mine is a large boron ore mine located at Balıkesir Province in western Turkey.	Bigadiç mine	Turkey
country	The modern practice of building and maintaining Prayer Mountain facilities was birthed in South Korea, where an intense prayer culture sprang by necessity among South Korean Christians of the late 1800s.	Prayer Mountain	South Korea
country	Magoksa is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism in Gongju, South Korea.	Magoksa	South Korea
country	Apenheul Primate Park is a zoo in Apeldoorn, Netherlands.	Apenheul Primate Park	Netherlands
country	Hout Bay (Afrikaans: Houtbaai, meaning ``Wood Bay'') is a town near Cape Town, South Africa situated in a valley on the Atlantic seaboard of the Cape Peninsula, twenty kilometres south of the Central Business District of Cape Town.	Hout Bay	South Africa
country	Mowtowr-e Musa Bamri (Persian: موتور موسي بامري‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Mūsá Bāmrī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Musa Bamri	Iran
country	Jaldian Garrison (Persian: پادگان جلديان‎ -- Pādegān-e Jaldīān) is a village and military installation in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jaldian Garrison	Iran
country	Ramada Jarvis was a chain of 4 star and 5 star hotels mostly located throughout the mainland of the United Kingdom, with a few managed internationally.	Ramada Jarvis	United Kingdom
country	Półrzeczki (puu̯ˈʐɛt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Półrzeczki	Poland
country	Passo d'Areia is a neighborhood (bairro) in the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil.	Passo d'Areia	Brazil
country	The Diep River Fynbos Corridor is a nature reserve located in Cape Town, South Africa.	Diep River Fynbos Corridor	South Africa
country	Khutauna is a small town in the Madhubani district in northern Bihar state, India.	Khutauna	India
country	Kundudo or Kondudo (rarely spelt as Qundudo) is a flat top mountain (or amba) in the Misraq (Eastern) Hararghe Zone of the Oromia region of Ethiopia.	Kundudo	Ethiopia
country	The Cinema Museum of Melgaço is a museum dedicated to Cinema in Melgaço, Portugal.	Cinema Museum of Melgaço	Portugal
country	The Port of Longkou is an artificial deep-water international seaport on the coast of Longkou, Yantai Prefecture, Shandong, People's Republic of China.	Port of Longkou	People's Republic of China
country	Zagrepčanka is a high-rise office building located in Zagreb, Croatia.	Zagrepčanka	Croatia
country	Vilangan Hills (Malayalam: വിലങന്‍ കുന്നു) is a hillock located in Adat Panchayat, near Thrissur city of Kerala state in India.	Vilangan Hills	India
country	Recajo is a village within Agoncillo municipality in La Rioja province in northern Spain.	Recajo	Spain
country	Kumba is a city in Southwest Region, Western Cameroon also known as K town.	Kumba	Cameroon
country	Gare de Toulon is a railway station serving the city Toulon, Var department, southeastern France.	Gare de Toulon	France
country	Doonaha (Irish: Dún Átha) is a small village on the Loop Head peninsula in County Clare, Ireland.	Doonaha	Ireland
country	Hereworth School is one of only seven independent boys' schools in New Zealand which caters for boarding and day pupils.	Hereworth School	New Zealand
country	Pachni (Greek: Πάχνη, Bulgarian: Пашевик) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece, part of the municipal unit Kotyli.	Pachni	Greece
country	The Vimanmek Mansion (Thai: วิมานเมฆ, rtgs: Wiman Mek) is a former royal palace in Bangkok, Thailand.	Vimanmek Mansion	Thailand
country	The Jardin des Paradis (3000 m²) is a private garden located on the Place du Théron, Cordes-sur-Ciel, Tarn, Midi-Pyrénées, France.	Jardin des Paradis	France
country	Sarapul (Russian: Сара́пул) is a city and a river port in the Udmurt Republic, Russia, located on the right bank of the Kama River, 66 kilometers (41 mi) southeast of Izhevsk, the capital of the republic.	Sarapul	Russia
country	Alexander Street Baptist Church was a Baptist church in Toronto, Canada located on the south side of Alexander Street between Yonge and Church streets.	Alexander Street Baptist Church	Canada
country	Tartu Town Hall (Estonian: Tartu raekoda) is the seat of the city government of Tartu, Estonia.	Tartu Town Hall	Estonia
country	Scarlino Scalo is a town in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Scarlino, province of Grosseto.	Scarlino Scalo	Italy
country	Urzecze (uˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Urzecze	Poland
country	Hwadae County is a county in southern North Hamgyong province, North Korea, with an area of about 460 km² and a population of approximately 70,000.	Hwadae County	North Korea
country	Hacıağabəyli (also, Hacağabəyli, Gadzhiagabeyli, and Gadzhyagabeyli) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıağabəyli	Azerbaijan
country	Major Cineplex Group Public Co. Ltd. is the largest operator of movie theaters in Thailand.	Major Cineplex	Thailand
country	Bellwoods was a provincial riding in Ontario, Canada in the old City of Toronto's west-end.	Bellwoods	Canada
country	The Gold Coast Broadwater, also known as Southport Broadwater, Gold Coast Harbour and The Broadwater, is a large shallow estuary of water located in the Gold Coast district of South East Queensland, Australia.	Gold Coast Broadwater	Australia
country	Charbatia Air Base is located approximately 10 km north of Cuttack, Odisha in eastern India.	Charbatia Air Base	India
country	Kruszwica (kruʂˈfʲit͡sa) (German: Kruschwitz) is a town in central Poland and is situated in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Bydgoszcz Voivodeship (1975--1998).	Kruszwica	Poland
country	From its foundation in 1864 until 2001 the Victoria Racing Club was the responsible authority for the conduct of thoroughbred racing in the State of Victoria, Australia.	Victoria Racing Club	Australia
country	The Lombard Committee for Resolution 44 (Comitato Lombardo per la Risoluzione 44, CoLoR44) is a trans-party movement active in Lombardy, a region of Italy.	Lombard Committee for Resolution 44	Italy
country	Derbent (Russian: Дербе́нт; Azerbaijani: Dərbənd; Lezgian: Кьвевар; Avar: Дербенд), formerly romanized as Derbend, is a city in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located on the Caspian Sea, north of the Azerbaijani border.	Derbent	Russia
country	Primrose Aerodrome, (TC LID: CFN6), is located near Primrose, Alberta, Canada.	Primrose Aerodrome	Canada
country	Golegã (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɡɔlɨˈɣ̞ɐ̃)) is a small municipality in Santarém District in Portugal.	Golegã	Portugal
country	Bagdarin (Russian: Багдарин) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Bauntovsky Evenkiysky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located on the Vitim Plateau.	Bagdarin	Russia
country	Nevado Juncal is a mountain in located at the head of Aconcagua Valley on the border between Chile and Argentina.	Nevado Juncal	Chile
country	Bughda Kandi Rural District (Persian: دهستان بوغداكندئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bughda Kandi Rural District	Iran
country	Lavelanet (L'Avelhanet in the Languedocian dialect of Occitan) is a commune in the Ariège department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwestern France.	Lavelanet	France
country	The Messe Erfurt is a convention center including an indoor arena, in Erfurt, Germany.	Messe Erfurt	Germany
country	The Narrow gauge railway of KSM-2 factory is located in Tver, Russia.	Narrow gauge railway of KSM-2 factory	Russia
country	Bani Havan (Persian: باني هوان‎, also Romanized as Bānī Havān) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bani Havan	Iran
country	The Canadian Union of Skilled Workers (CUSW) is a skilled trades union based in Canada.	Canadian Union of Skilled Workers	Canada
country	Monte Cara is a mountain in the island of São Vicente, Cape Verde.	Monte Cara	Cape Verde
country	The Senator Sid Buckwold Bridge is a bridge that spans the South Saskatchewan River between west and east shore in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Senator Sid Buckwold Bridge	Canada
country	Kiro was a colonial post in what is now the Central Equatoria province of South Sudan on the west side of the Bahr al Jebel or White Nile river.	Kiro	South Sudan
country	Moscow State Institute of International Relations (Russian: Московский государственный институт международных отношений (Университет) МИД России, often abbreviated МГИМО, MGIMO) is a university that belongs to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia.	Moscow State Institute of International Relations	Russia
country	Čušperk (pronounced (ˈtʃuːʃpɛɾk)) is a village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Čušperk	Slovenia
country	Bishan Road is a major road in Bishan, Singapore from Ang Mo Kio Avenue 1 to Braddell Road; following the MRT track (Bishan MRT Station and Bishan Depot) are nearby.	Bishan Road	Singapore
country	Mount Labo, is a potentially active stratovolcano in the province of Camarines Norte, in Region V, on Luzon Island, in the Philippines.	Mount Labo	Philippines
country	St. Maria ad Gradus (``Our Lady of the Steps'', also colloquially called Mariengraden in German language) is the name of a former church located East of the Cathedral of Cologne, Germany, situated between the cathedral and the Rhine.	St. Maria ad Gradus	Germany
country	Currently office space at Aupark Tower is occupied by Telefónica O2 Slovakia, Eset, Procter & Gamble and AT&T.	Aupark Tower	Slovakia
country	Bornova is a metropolitan district of İzmir in İzmir Province in Turkey.	Bornova	Turkey
country	Sierra Tonante, (Italian for ``Thundering Mountain Range''), was a wooden roller coaster at Mirabilandia, Savio in Emilia-Romagna, Italy that operated between 1992 and 2007.	Sierra Tonante	Italy
country	Zombie Creek is a stream in East Berbice-Corentyne, Guyana.	Zombie Creek	Guyana
country	Jaczków (ˈjat͡ʂkuf) (German: Hartmannsdorf) a village in Poland located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in wałbrzyskim say, in the village commune Czarny Bor.	Jaczków	Poland
country	Taher Deh (Persian: طاهرده‎, also Romanized as Ţāher Deh) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Taher Deh	Iran
country	The West of il-Ħaġra s-Sewda to ix-Xaqqa Cliffs Important Bird Area comprises a 4 ha linear strip of cliffed coastline at Siġġiewi, on the southern coast of the main island of Malta, in the Maltese archipelago of the Mediterranean Sea.	West of il-Ħaġra s-Sewda to ix-Xaqqa Cliffs Important Bird Area	Malta
country	The Carthage Paleo-Christian Museum is an archaeological museum of Christian artifacts, located in Carthage, Tunisia.	Carthage Paleo-Christian Museum	Tunisia
country	Górzyska (ɡuˈʐɨska) (German: Bergdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drezdenko, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Górzyska	Poland
country	Kiab (Persian: كياب‎, also Romanized as Kīāb and Kīyāb; also known as Kīeh Āb) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Kiab	Iran
country	Quartetto Gelato - La Danza (Music Video) (1998) CBC's Canada Day 2004:	Quartetto Gelato	Canada
country	Andfiskvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Andfiskvatnet	Norway
country	Qinar-e Olya (Persian: قينرعليا‎, also Romanized as Qīnar-e ``Olyā; also known as Qīz-e Bālā) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 30 families.	Qinar-e Olya	Iran
country	Seriana (Arabic سريانة) is a town in Batna Province, Algeria, at 35°41′30``N 06°11′11''E. In the colonial period, it was called Pasteur.	Seriana	Algeria
country	Arapuša (Cyrillic: Арапуша) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Arapuša	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Franconian Rezat (German: Fränkische Rezat) is a 63,5 km long river in southern Germany.	Franconian Rezat	Germany
country	Radostów Pierwszy (raˈdɔstuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Radostów Pierwszy	Poland
country	The DR-7, also known as the Santo Domingo-Samana Highway or simply Samana Highway, is the newest addition to the Dominican Republic national highway system.	DR-7	Dominican Republic
country	In 2006 Newry topped the league of house prices increases across the whole United Kingdom over the last decade, as prices in the city had increased by 371% since 1996.	Newry	United Kingdom
country	The 1928 Summer Olympics (Dutch: Olympische Zomerspelen 1928), officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1928 in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	1928 Summer Olympics	Netherlands
country	Atapattu Walawwa is a large colonial era manor house situated in Walawwatta, Galle, Sri Lanka.	Atapattu Walawwa	Sri Lanka
country	Yeni Suraxanı (also, Imeni Kirova, Kirov Adına, Kirova, Posëlok Imeni Kirova, Rəsulzadə, and Yeni-Surakhany) is a municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Yeni Suraxanı	Azerbaijan
country	Voćin is a village and municipality in western Slavonia, Croatia, located southwest of Slatina and east of Daruvar.	Voćin	Croatia
country	Nish Kish (Persian: نيش كش‎, also Romanized as Nīsh Kīsh) is a village in Rezqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nish Kish	Iran
country	Many ferries moving between Finland and Sweden cross the Sea of Åland.	Sea of Åland	Finland
country	Kızılcasöğüt (literally ``Red willow'') is a belde (town) in Banaz district of Uşak Province, Turkey.	Kızılcasöğüt	Turkey
country	Tourbillon Castle (French: Château de Tourbillon) is a castle in Sion in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Tourbillon Castle	Switzerland
country	Lesenice (Hungarian: Leszenye) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Lesenice	Slovakia
country	Dioumara Koussata is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali.	Dioumara Koussata	Mali
country	In pre-Hispanic times the region of present-day Tarímbaro was inhabited by the semi-nomadic Chichimeca (who knew the area ``place of the willows'') and the Purépecha people of Central Mexico.	Tarímbaro	Mexico
country	Vietalva Parish (Latvian: Vietalvas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District, Latvia.	Vietalva Parish	Latvia
country	Backen Church (Swedish: Backenkyrkan) is a church in Backen, Umeå, Sweden	Backen Church	Sweden
country	Katouna is a settlement in the prefecture of Aitoloakarnania, Greece.	Katouna	Greece
country	Alt Maestrat (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈaɫt maesˈtɾat), Spanish: Alto Maestrazgo) is a comarca in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain.	Alt Maestrat	Spain
country	Upper Cross Street (Chinese: 克罗士街上段) is a street located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore.	Upper Cross Street	Singapore
country	Yanahuara District is a suburb within the city of Arequipa, Peru.	Yanahuara District	Peru
country	Bergen Heliport, Grønneviksøren (ICAO: ENBG; Norwegian: Bergen helikopterplass, Grønneviksøren) is a heliport situated at Grønneviksøren on the shore of Store Lungegårdsvannet in Bergen, Norway.	Bergen Heliport, Grønneviksøren	Norway
country	Uitikon is a village and municipality in the district of Dietikon in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Uitikon	Switzerland
country	Zouping County (simplified Chinese: 邹平县; traditional Chinese: 鄒平縣; pinyin: Zōupíng Xiàn) is a county of Shandong province, People's Republic of China, located on the northern edge of the mountainous central portion of the province.	Zouping County	People's Republic of China
country	Muhajir Camp (Urdu: مہاجر کیمپ ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Muhajir Camp	Pakistan
country	Kang Sar (Persian: كانگ سر‎, also Romanized as Kāng Sar) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kang Sar	Iran
country	Asproula (previously Velisti) is a village in the Kozani regional unit, Greece.	Asproula	Greece
country	Tehuacán Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Tehuacán) (IATA: TCN, ICAO: MMHC) is an airport serving Tehuacán, a city in the state of Puebla in Mexico.	Tehuacán Airport	Mexico
country	Vinac (Cyrillic: Винац) is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vinac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Dasht-e Naomid (Persian: دشت ناامید), also Dasht-e Namid, Dasht-e Namadī, or Dasht-e Nāomīd, is a desert in Central Asia, on the Afghanistan-Iran border.	Dasht-e Naomid	Iran
country	Kaba Aye Pagoda (Burmese: ကမ္ဘာအေးစေတီ; pronounced: (ɡəbà ʔé pʰəjá); also spelt Gaba Aye Pagoda; lit. World Peace Pagoda), formally Thiri Mingala Gaba Aye Zedidaw, သီရိမင်္ဂလာကမ္ဘာအေးစေတီတော်), is a pagoda located on Kaba Aye Road, Mayangon Township, Yangon, Myanmar.	Kaba Aye Pagoda	Myanmar
country	Rama Krishna raju Pettai, also known as RK Pet, is a panchayat in Pallipattu taluk, Tiruvallur district, India.	RK Pet	India
country	Bugeat (Occitan: Bujac) is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.	Bugeat	France
country	Vleesbaai is a seaside vacation town, situated between Mossel Bay and Gouritsmond in Western Cape, South Africa.	Vleesbaai	South Africa
country	The County of Rochedale is a county (a cadastral division) in Queensland, Australia.	County of Rochedale	Australia
country	The Lower Glomma Region (``Nedre Glomma-regionen'') is a statistical metropolitan region in Østfold in southeastern Norway.	Lower Glomma Region	Norway
country	Johor Bahru East Coast Parkway or the stretch of roads that includes Jalan Bakar Batu, Jalan Pasir Pelangi and Jalan Stulang Baru (Johor state route ) are the major roads located in Johor Bahru city, Johor, Malaysia.	Johor Bahru East Coast Parkway	Malaysia
country	Epfenbach is a municipality in south western Germany.	Epfenbach	Germany
country	Victoriaville Airport, (TC LID: CSR3), is located near the town of Victoriaville, Quebec, Canada.	Victoriaville Airport	Canada
country	Debarca (Macedonian: Дебарца) is a historical region in western Republic of Macedonia, north of Ohrid and south-west of Kičevo.	Debarca	Macedonia
country	Canefield is a town located on the west coast of Dominica, north of Roseau and south of Massacre, overlooking Pringle's Bay.	Canefield	Dominica
country	Hit 104.7 (call sign: 2ROC) is a radio station in Canberra, Australia, jointly owned by Southern Cross Austereo and the Australian Radio Network (ARN).	Hit 104.7	Australia
country	Nohkalikai Falls is the tallest plunge waterfall in India.	Nohkalikai Falls	India
country	Saint-Joachim de Pointe-Claire Church (French: Église Saint-Joachim de Pointe-Claire) or simply Saint-Joachim Church is a Roman Catholic church in Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada on Montreal's West Island.	Saint-Joachim de Pointe-Claire Church	Canada
country	The Rab-do and Muki-do Islands Important Bird Area comprises a group of two small islands, with a collective area of 40 ha, in the north-eastern Yellow Sea, lying close to the western coast of North Korea.	Rab-do and Muki-do Islands Important Bird Area	North Korea
country	Gorenja Vas pri Leskovcu (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi lɛˈskoːu̯tsu); Slovene: Gorenja vas pri Leskovcu, German: Oberdorf) is a village southwest of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenja Vas pri Leskovcu	Slovenia
country	Mława (ˈmwava) is a town in north-central Poland with 30,957 inhabitants in 2012.	Mława	Poland
country	Banica River is a river on the island of Negros in the Philippines.	Banica River	Philippines
country	Cần Thơ Stadium (Vietnamese: Sân vận động Cần Thơ) is a multi-use stadium located in Ninh Kiều District, Cần Thơ, Vietnam.	Cần Thơ Stadium	Vietnam
country	Fagne-Famenne is a natural region in southern Belgium and northern France.	Fagne-Famenne	Belgium	France
country	Kakan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كاكان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kakan Rural District	Iran
country	Huta Głodowska (ˈxuta ɡwɔˈdɔfska) (German: Lodenhütte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Huta Głodowska	Poland
country	Majiyohan (also known as Majayahan, Mijayahan, Manja-Yihan or Majiyahan), is a town in the northeastern Bari region of Somalia.	Majiyohan	Somalia
country	Velika Štanga (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika ˈʃtaːŋɡa); in older sources also Sveti Anton, German: St. Anton; also German: Stangenwald, Stangen) is a settlement in the hills west of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Velika Štanga	Slovenia
country	Karditsa (Greek: Καρδίτσα) is a city in western Thessaly in mainland Greece.	Karditsa	Greece
country	Stanislavchyk (Ukrainian: Станіславчик) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Stanislavchyk	Ukraine
country	Khartoum Place is a pedestrianised city square in the Auckland CBD, New Zealand.	Khartoum Place	New Zealand
country	Wechterswinkel Abbey (Kloster Wechterswinkel) was a Cistercian nunnery in the small village of Wechterswinkel, a part of Bastheim in the mountainous region of the Rhön in Bavaria, Germany, in the Bishopric of Würzburg.	Wechterswinkel Abbey	Germany
country	Krtići (Cyrillic: Кртићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Krtići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Minister for Justice and Equality (Irish: An tAire Dlí agus Cirt agus Comhionannais) is the senior minister at the Department of Justice and Equality in the Government of Ireland.	Minister for Justice and Equality	Ireland
country	Vemuru mandal is one of the 57 mandals in Guntur district of the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Vemuru mandal	India
country	Soledad Miria (in the Kuna language Miria Ubigantupu or more recently Mirya Ubgigandub) is a small Caribbean island of Panama with 1,014 inhabitants.	Soledad Miria	Panama
country	Amrollah (Persian: امرالله‎, also Romanized as Amrollāh) is a village in Ujan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Amrollah	Iran
country	Laitakari beacon tower is a daymark (navigational aid) located on the island of Laitakari in the Gulf of Bothnia in Finland.	Laitakari beacon tower	Finland
country	Pingzhena Station (Chinese: 屏遮那車站; pinyin: Píngzhēnà Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Alishan Township, Chiayi County, Taiwan.	Pingzhena Station	Taiwan
country	The Patagonian Desert, also known as the Patagonia Desert, Patagonian Steppe, or Magellanic Steppe, is the largest desert in Argentina and is the 7th largest desert in the world by area, occupying 673,000 square kilometers (260,000 mi2).	Patagonian Desert	Argentina
country	The Southland Plains is a general name given to several areas of low-lying land in the South Island of New Zealand, separated by the rise of the Hokonui Hills in the north.	Southland Plains	New Zealand
country	Ein Naqquba (Arabic: عين نقوبا‎, Hebrew: עֵין נַקוּבָּא) is an Arab village in central Israel.	Ein Naqquba	Israel
country	Puntallana is a town and a municipality on the island of La Palma, Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain.	Puntallana	Spain
country	Głazica (ɡwaˈʑit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Głazica	Poland
country	The Port of Tubarão is a port in Brazil, near the city of Vitória in Espírito Santo.	Port of Tubarão	Brazil
country	Qez Qabri-ye Ebrahim (Persian: قزقبري ابراهيم‎, also Romanized as Qez Qabrī-ye Ebrāhīm and Qez Qebrī-ye Ebrāhīm; also known as Qez Qebrī-ye Yek) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qez Qabri-ye Ebrahim	Iran
country	Southampton Aerodrome, (TC LID: CPF7), is located 1.4 nautical miles (2.6 km; 1.6 mi) east of Southampton, Ontario, Canada.	Southampton Aerodrome	Canada
country	Njeliyanparambu is a place on the outskirts of the city of Kozhikode in Kerala, India.	Njeliyanparambu	India
country	Sheykhian Mari (Persian: شيخيان ماري‎, also Romanized as Sheykhīān Mārī; also known as Sheykheyān, Sheykhīān, and Sheykhīyan) is a village in Kabgan Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Sheykhian Mari	Iran
country	The New Castle of Ansembourg (French: Grand Château d'Ansembourg), in central Luxembourg is one of the castles belonging to the Valley of the Seven Castles.	New Castle of Ansembourg	Luxembourg
country	Bezujno (Serbian Cyrillic: Безујно) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bezujno	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tuszyn (ˈtuʂɨn) is a small town in Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland, with 7,201 inhabitants (2004).	Tuszyn	Poland
country	Khurdikabad (Persian: خورديك اباد‎, also Romanized as Khūrdīkābād and Khvordīkābād) is a village in Palangabad Rural District, Palangabad District, Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Khurdikabad	Iran
country	Guincourt is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France, in the former county of Vermandois.	Guincourt	France
country	Khalkhaleh (Persian: خلخله‎) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khalkhaleh	Iran
country	Krzyszkowo (kʂɨʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Krzyszkowo	Poland
country	Faskari is a town and Local Government Area (LGA) in Katsina State, northern Nigeria.	Faskari	Nigeria
country	Saint-Étienne-du-Mont is a church in Paris, France, located on the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève in the 5th arrondissement, near the Panthéon.	Saint-Étienne-du-Mont	France
country	Bu Quwah (Arabic: بو قوة , sometimes transliterated as Buquwa or Abu Quwah) is a small village situated in north-central Bahrain.	Bu Quwah	Bahrain
country	Padew Narodowa (ˈpadɛf narɔˈdɔva) is a village in Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Padew Narodowa	Poland
country	The Castle of Castilnovo is located near the little village of Villafranca (Condado de Castilnovo) in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, in Spain.	Castle of Castilnovo	Spain
country	Radiotelevisió Valenciana (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈraðioteleviziˈo valensiˈana)) was in charge of the broadcasting of television and radio in the Valencian Community in Spain.	Radiotelevisió Valenciana	Spain
country	Kilchreest (Irish: Cill Chríost) is a civil parish of County Clare, Ireland.	Kilchreest	Ireland
country	Korgalzhyn (Kazakh: Қорғалжын) is a selo in the Akmola Region, Kazakhstan.	Korgalzhyn	Kazakhstan
country	Torre Banc de Sabadell also BancSabadell is a skyscraper in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Torre Banc de Sabadell	Spain
country	Lorta is small village or Gram panchayat village in Balesar Tehsil, Jodhpur district, Rajasthan, India.	Lorta	India
country	Číž (Hungarian: Csiz) is a spa village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Číž	Slovakia
country	The Mersin Province (Turkish: Mersin ili) is a province in southern Turkey, on the Mediterranean coast between Antalya and Adana.	Mersin Province	Turkey
country	Pikru is a village in Tarvastu Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia located 24 km (15 miles) southeast of the village of Viljandi, 3.9 km (2.4 miles) south of the small borough of Mustla, near the western shore of Lake Võrtsjärv.	Pikru	Estonia
country	Wólka Ołudzka (ˈvulka ɔˈwut͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wólka Ołudzka	Poland
country	The Rangitoto Channel is one of several passes between the islands of the inner Hauraki Gulf, close to the mouth of the Waitemata Harbour to the east of Auckland in New Zealand.	Rangitoto Channel	New Zealand
country	The Circuito del Jarama (Circuit of Jarama), formerly known as Circuito Permanente del Jarama (Permanent circuit of Jarama) is a 3.850 km (2.392 mi) located north of Madrid, Spain which was home to the Spanish Grand Prix nine times between 1968 and 1981.	Circuito del Jarama	Spain
country	The Papenoo Hydroelectric Power Station is located near the commune of Papenoo on the island Tahiti in the overseas country of France, French Polynesia.	Papenoo Hydroelectric Power Station	France
country	The 1888 Barcelona Universal Exposition (in Catalan: Exposició Universal de Barcelona and Exposición Universal de Barcelona in Spanish) was Spain's first International World's Fair and ran from May 20 to December 9, 1888.	1888 Barcelona Universal Exposition	Spain
country	The Convent of Santa Isabel is a royal monastery in central Madrid, Spain.	Convent of Santa Isabel	Spain
country	Isep (ˈisɛp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Isep	Poland
country	Empire Theatres Limited was a movie theatre chain in Canada, a subsidiary of Empire Company Ltd., the holding company of the Sobey family conglomerate.	Empire Theatres	Canada
country	Arıqıran (also, Anygyran and Arygyran) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Arıqıran	Azerbaijan
country	Tolombeh-ye Sherkat Keshavarzi (Persian: تلمبه شركت كشاورزي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Sherkat Keshavarzī; also known as Tolombeh-ye Sherkatābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Sherkat Keshavarzi	Iran
country	Torre Annunziata (Italian pronunciation: (ˈtorre annunˈtsjaːta)) is a city and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, region of Campania in Italy.	Torre Annunziata	Italy
country	Adamstown Oval is a suburban association football venue located in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.	Adamstown Oval	Australia
country	The Lai Châu Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Black River under-construction in Nậm Hàng commune, Mường Tè District, Vietnam.	Lai Châu Dam	Vietnam
country	Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle (Entertainment Software Self-Regulation Body, abbreviated USK) is the organisation responsible for video game ratings in Germany.	Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle	Germany
country	The Namacpacan Church also known as the Santa Catalina de Alejandria Church is a Roman Catholic church located in Luna (formerly Namacpacan), La Union, Philippines under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union.	Namacpacan Church	Philippines
country	Trondheim Kunstmuseum (previously Trøndelag Kunstgalleri) is an art museum located in Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Trondheim Kunstmuseum	Norway
country	Kujundžijevići (Serbian: Кујунџијевићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kujundžijevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Conway Reef, known since 1976 by its Fijian name Ceva-I-Ra Reef, (pronounced (ˈðeβaiˈra)), is a coral reef of atoll type 450 km southwest of the Fiji Islands, but part of the Republic of Fiji.	Conway Reef	Fiji
country	Al-Thawrah (Arabic: الثورة‎ aṯ ṯawrah), also known as al-Tabqah (Arabic: الطبقة‎ aṭ ṭabqah), is a city located in Ar-Raqqah Governorate (Syria), approximately 55 kilometres (34 mi) west of ar-Raqqah.	Al-Thawrah	Syria
country	Sayaboury Airport (IATA: ZBY, ICAO: VLSB) is an airport in Sainyabuli, the capital of Sainyabuli Province of Laos.	Sayaboury Airport	Laos
country	The Théâtre de verdure de Nice is an outdoor theater located in Nice, France, which was built in 1946 by architect François Aragon.	Théâtre de verdure de Nice	France
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2011, Lathom South parish had a population of 657 people living in 281 households, with a roughly even distribution between males and females.	Lathom South	United Kingdom
country	The Canal de la Haute-Seine, also known as Upper Seine Canal is a canal in central France.	Canal de la Haute-Seine	France
country	The Château de Cordès is a castle situated at an altitude of 900m in the commune of Orcival, in the Puy-de-Dôme département of France.	Château de Cordès	France
country	The Aschentalshalbe is a ridge in the Harz Mountains of Germany that is up to 685 m above sea level (NN).	Aschentalshalbe	Germany
country	Montejurra in Spanish and Jurramendi in Basque are the names of a mountain in Navarre region (Spain).	Montejurra	Spain
country	Vrai changement pour Montréal (Full name: Vrai changement pour Montréal - Groupe Mélanie Joly, English: Real change for Montreal - Mélanie Joly Group) is a municipal political party in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Vrai changement pour Montréal	Canada
country	Mesorrougi (Greek: Μεσορρούγι) is a small village and a community in the municipal unit of Akrata, Achaea, Greece.	Mesorrougi	Greece
country	According to the Geological Survey of India, Kamptee Coalfield has total reserves of 2,296.84 million tonnes of non-coking coal, up to a depth of 1,200 m, out of which 1,233.74 million tonnes are proved reserves and the rest being indicated or inferred.	Kamptee Coalfield	India
country	Bad Goisern am Hallstättersee is a market town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria in the district of Gmunden.	Bad Goisern am Hallstättersee	Austria
country	Petrovany (Hungarian: Tarcaszentpéter) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Petrovany	Slovakia
country	The Central Drug Research Institute (CDRI) is a multidisciplinary research laboratory in Lucknow, India, employing scientific personnel from various areas of biomedical sciences.	Central Drug Research Institute	India
country	Ngapudaw (Burmese: ငပုတော်မြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Burma (Myanmar).	Ngapudaw	Myanmar
country	The Cobori Creek ( in Hungarian: Kóbor-patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Cobori Creek	Romania
country	Liston College is a college in Auckland, New Zealand, for year 7 to 13 boys and offers a Catholic education to its students.	Liston College	New Zealand
country	Oxbridge is a portmanteau (blend word) of the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.	Oxbridge	United Kingdom
country	Sarouyeh (سارویه) was a large library in ancient pre-Islamic Iran.	Sarouyeh	Iran
country	Arrecife (/ˌærəˈsiːfeɪ/; Spanish pronunciation: (areˈsife)) is a city and municipality in the Canary Islands (Spain) situated in the centre-east of the island of Lanzarote, of which it has been the capital since 1852.	Arrecife	Spain
country	Spa-La Sauvenière Airport (ICAO: EBSP) is a general aviation airfield located in Spa, a municipality of Belgium.	Spa-La Sauvenière Airport	Belgium
country	Irpinia (Latin Hirpinia) is a region of the Apennine Mountains around Avellino, a town in Campania, South Italy about 40 km east of Naples.	Irpinia	Italy
country	Žejno (pronounced (ˈʒeːi̯nɔ)) is a settlement in the hills south of Čatež ob Savi in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Žejno	Slovenia
country	Gadani Beach is a beach on the Arabian Sea located near the Hub River and Cape Monze in Gadani, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Gadani Beach	Pakistan
country	Dutch railway services is an index page of all the rail services operated in the Netherlands.	Dutch railway services	Netherlands
country	Ahmadabad-e Abdal (Persian: احمدابادعبدال‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e ``Abdāl) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 153, in 31 families.	Ahmadabad-e Abdal	Iran
country	Grønland is a neighbourhood in central Oslo, Norway.	Grønland	Norway
country	Żywiec Lake (Polish: Jezioro Żywieckie) is a reservoir on the Soła river in southern Poland, near the town of Żywiec.	Żywiec Lake	Poland
country	Mount Buke Levu is the highest mountain on Kadavu Island in Fiji.	Mount Buke Levu	Fiji
country	Pazari i Ri (English: New Pazar) is a neighbourhood of Tirana, Albania.	Pazari i Ri	Albania
country	University of New York Tirana (UNYT) is an accredited private higher education institution in Tirana, Albania.	University of New York Tirana	Albania
country	The University of Buraimi (UOB) (Arabic: جامعة البريمي‎) is a private university in the Al Buraimi Governorate in the Northern part of Oman.	University of Buraimi	Oman
country	Economic development agencies within the United Kingdom are now based at the campus of The University of Nottingham Ningbo China.	University of Nottingham Ningbo China	United Kingdom
country	Hitra Wind Farm is a 24 turbine wind farm located in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway and operated by Statkraft.	Hitra Wind Farm	Norway
country	Ciudad Perdida (Spanish for ``Lost City'') is the archaeological site of an ancient city in Colombia's Sierra Nevada.	Ciudad Perdida	Colombia
country	Svetli Potok (pronounced (ˈsʋɛːtli ˈpɔːtɔk); in older sources also Svetlji Potok, German: Lichtenbach, Gottscheerish: Liəmpoch) is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Svetli Potok	Slovenia
country	Bagnères-de-Luchon (pronounced: (baɲɛːʁ də lyʃɔ̃)) (Occitan: Banhèras de Luishon), also referred to as Luchon, is a French commune and spa town in the Haute-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region of south-western France.	Bagnères-de-Luchon	France
country	Chaleh Tak (Persian: چاله تاك‎, also Romanized as Chāleh Tāḵ) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chaleh Tak	Iran
country	Harnham Slope, its upper slope, is now managed as a public amenity space which, from its highest point, gives fine views across Harnham to the city including Salisbury Cathedral's highest current spire in the United Kingdom.	Harnham	United Kingdom
country	The Gurans Himal is a small subrange of the Himalaya in far western Nepal.	Gurans Himal	Nepal
country	Kagnout (also called Cagnout or Cagnut) is a village in Casamance, Senegal.	Kagnout	Senegal
country	Dr. Martin LeBoldus High School is a Catholic secondary school located in the Hillsdale neighbourhood of south Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Dr. Martin LeBoldus High School	Canada
country	Intiö is a neighbourhood of the city centre area of Oulu, Finland.	Intiö	Finland
country	Machu Pitumarka (hispanicized spelling Machu Pitumarca, Machupitumarca) is an archaeological site with ruins of walls in Peru.	Machu Pitumarka	Peru
country	The city of Solothurn (German: Solothurn pronounced (ˈzoːlotʊrn); French: Soleure; Italian: Soletta; Romansh: Soloturn) is the capital of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.	Solothurn	Switzerland
country	Ambalamedu High School (AHS) was a school in Kerala, India.	Ambalamedu High School	India
country	Riga Secondary School No. 13 (Rīgas 13. vidusskola in Latvian) is one of the best-known educational establishments in Riga, Latvia.	Riga Secondary School No. 13	Latvia
country	Rutak (Persian: روتك‎, also Romanized as Rūtak; also known as Rūdtak) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rutak	Iran
country	Badarkhali (বদরখালী) is a village in southeastern Bangladesh and a Union Parishad.	Badarkhali	Bangladesh
country	The Lutheran Church of the Holy Catherine (Russia, Omsk) is a unique religious building of the 18th century, preserved in Omsk to this day, it was built for the needs of foreign Protestants, who worked in the governance of Siberian corps and Omsk fortress.	The Lutheran Church of the Holy Catherine	Russia
country	Recklinghausen Hauptbahnhof is a railway station for the city of Recklinghausen in Germany.	Recklinghausen Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Vaymand (Persian: وايمند‎, also Romanized as Vāymand; also known as Wemānd) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Vaymand	Iran
country	Žunovi (Serbian: Жунови) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žunovi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mislata (Valencian pronunciation: (mizˈlata)) is a municipality in the Valencian Community, in Spain.	Mislata	Spain
country	Palamu division (Hindi: पलामू प्रमण्डल) is one of the five divisions of Jharkhand state in eastern India.	Palamu division	India
country	Tariat (Mongolian: Тариат, crop) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.	Tariat	Mongolia
country	Mowtowr-e Amini (Persian: موتوراميني‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Āmīnī) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Amini	Iran
country	Moinhos de Vento (literally Windmills in English) is a neighbourhood of the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil.	Moinhos de Vento	Brazil
country	Rathnure (Irish: Ráth an Iúir, meaning ``ringfort of the yew trees'') is a small village on the R731 regional road about 12 km (7.5 mi) from the town of Enniscorthy, County Wexford, Ireland.	Rathnure	Ireland
country	The Crusc de Rit (Italian: Monte Croce (ˈmonte ˈkroːtʃe); German: Kreuzspitze) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Crusc de Rit	Italy
country	Roquefort-la-Bédoule is a commune in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.	Roquefort-la-Bédoule	France
country	Salim Kandi (Persian: سليم كندي‎, also Romanized as Salīm Kandī; also known as Tappeh Lar) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Salim Kandi	Iran
country	The Villnößer Bach (Italian: Rio Funes) is a stream located in South Tyrol, Italy.	Villnößer Bach	Italy
country	Khameslu (Persian: خامسلو‎, also Romanized as Khāmeslū) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khameslu	Iran
country	McKenney Avenue and Bellerose Drive are arterial roads in St. Albert, Alberta, Canada.	McKenney Avenue	Canada
country	Salamiou (Greek: Σαλαμιού) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 6 km northeast of Kelokedara.	Salamiou	Cyprus
country	Uniszowice (uniʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Uniszowice	Poland
country	Termoli Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Termoli; Cattedrale di Santa Maria della Purificazione) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Termoli, in the province of Campobasso, central Italy.	Termoli Cathedral	Italy
country	Mehrabad-e Mandegari (Persian: مهرابادماندگاري‎, also Romanized as Mehrābād-e Māndegārī; also known as Mehrābād) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mehrabad-e Mandegari	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Isa Ahmadi (Persian: مزرعه عيسي احمدي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye ``Īsá Aḩamdī) is a village in Kamin Rural District, in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Isa Ahmadi	Iran
country	Latsga (Georgian: ლაცგა) is a peak of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti region of Georgia.	Latsga	Georgia
country	Yagyabhumi is a town in Dhanusadham Municipality in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Yagyabhumi	Nepal
country	Mowtowr-e Ahmad Afshar (Persian: موتوراحمدافشار‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Aḩmad Āfshār) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ahmad Afshar	Iran
country	In British government, the Minister for the Civil Service is responsible for making regulations regarding Her Majesty's Civil Service, the role of which is to assist the governments of the United Kingdom in formulating and implementing policies.	Minister for the Civil Service	United Kingdom
country	Azm-e-Nau School & College is a school and college for boys and girls in the City of Ellah Abad (Kasur) in Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Azm-e-Nau School & College	Pakistan
country	Sillé-le-Guillaume is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France, named after Guillaume de Sillé.	Sillé-le-Guillaume	France
country	The Court of Disputed Returns in Australia is a jurisdiction established by Part XXII of the Commonwealth Electoral Act.	Court of Disputed Returns	Australia
country	Pain Mahalleh-ye Qasemabad (Persian: پايين محله قاسم اباد‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Qāsemābād) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Mahalleh-ye Qasemabad	Iran
country	Jedlová railway station is located in the mountainous region of Jedlová, Czech Republic.	Jedlová railway station	Czech Republic
country	Mazraeh-ye Karimi (Persian: مزرعه كريمي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Karīmī) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Karimi	Iran
country	Vlacherna (Greek: Βλαχέρνα) is a village and a former municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Vlacherna	Greece
country	Lolei (Khmer: ប្រាសាទលលៃ) is the northernmost temple of the Roluos group of three late 9th century Hindu temples at Angkor, Cambodia, the others members of which are Preah Ko and the Bakong.	Lolei	Cambodia
country	Rymanów-Zdrój (rɨˈmanuf ˈzdrui̯) is a village and a spa in southern Poland, in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in Krosno County.	Rymanów-Zdrój	Poland
country	Konaty (kɔˈnatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Galewice, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Konaty	Poland
country	Nyamninia is a village in the Yala division of Siaya County, Kenya.	Nyamninia	Kenya
country	Aleksiejówka (alɛkɕɛˈjufka), (Lithuanian: Aleksiejuvka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Aleksiejówka	Poland
country	The ``Marcia Reale d'Ordinanza'' or ``Fanfara Reale'' (Royal March of Ordinance / Royal Fanfare) was the official national anthem of the Kingdom of Italy between 1861 and 1946.	Marcia Reale	Kingdom of Italy
country	Cheshmeh Sefid-e Shobankareh (Persian: چشمه سفيدشبانكاره‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd-e Shobānkāreh; also known as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Sefid-e Shobankareh	Iran
country	Sänna (Võro: Sännä, German: Sennen) is a village in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.	Sänna	Estonia
country	Sønder Bjert is a Danish town in the Region of Southern Denmark with a population of 1,953 (1 January 2014).	Sønder Bjert	Denmark
country	Kujan (ˈkujan) (German Kujan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kujan	Poland
country	Flemlingen is a municipality in Südliche Weinstraße district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	Flemlingen	Germany
country	Yadabad-e Sofla (Persian: يادابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Yādābād-e Soflá; also known as Yādābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yadabad-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bački Breg (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачки Брег, Croatian: Bereg) is a village located in the Sombor municipality, in the West Bačka District of Serbia.	Bački Breg	Serbia
country	Prvačina (pronounced (pəɾˈʋaːtʃina); Italian: Prevacina) is a village in the Vipava Valley in western Slovenia.	Prvačina	Slovenia
country	Khouzh (pronounced as khoxh in the local language) is a village in Pakistan, situated 130 km from Chitral town.	Khouzh	Pakistan
country	Liubar (Ukrainian: Любар) is an urban-type settlement in Liubar Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Liubar	Ukraine
country	The Kanazawa College of Art (金沢美術工芸大学, Kanazawa Bijutsu Kōgei Daigaku, literally Kanazawa Art and Industrial Design University) (colloquially known as Bidai) is a university in Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan.	Kanazawa College of Art	Japan
country	Beit Arif (Hebrew: בֵּית עָרִיף, lit. House of Cloud) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit Arif	Israel
country	Western Autistic School, Laverton, Australia, is an educational organisation for students who have an autism spectrum disorder (ASD), which was established in 1979 in a church hall with six pupils.	Western Autistic School	Australia
country	Sallingsund Bridge (Sallingsundbroen) is a bridge that crosses Salling Sund between the island of Mors and the Salling peninsula on the mainland (Jylland (Jutland)) in Denmark.	Sallingsund Bridge	Denmark
country	Yazdan Panah (Persian: يزدان پناه‎, also Romanized as Yazdān Panāh) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Yazdan Panah	Iran
country	Avato (Greek: Άβατο, Turkish: Beyköy, previously known as Bey Kioy) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Avato	Greece
country	The Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Coimbra (ISEC) is an higher education polytechnic institution of engineering, based in Coimbra, Portugal.	Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Coimbra	Portugal
country	Pallokenttä or Töölön Pallokenttä (Finnish: Töölön pallokenttä, Swedish: Tölö bollplan), also known by its nickname Bollis, is a football stadium in Helsinki, Finland.	Töölön Pallokenttä	Finland
country	Tunnel Records is a record label founded by DJ Dean, and based in Hamburg, Germany.	Tunnel Records	Germany
country	The Erechtheion or Erechtheum (/ɪˈrɛkθiəm, ˌɛrɪkˈθiːəm/; Ancient Greek: Ἐρέχθειον, Modern Greek: Ερέχθειο) is an ancient Greek temple on the north side of the Acropolis of Athens in Greece which was dedicated to both Athena and Poseidon.	Erechtheion	Greece
country	Jaworzno Bankowe (jaˈvɔʐnɔ banˈkɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jaworzno Bankowe	Poland
country	The town's two football teams, SC Austria Lustenau and FC Lustenau, play in major Austrian football leagues.	Lustenau	Austria
country	Barawal is a Tehsil in Upper Dir District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Barawal	Pakistan
country	Dubingiai is a town in Molėtai district in Lithuania.	Dubingiai	Lithuania
country	Qannad (Persian: قناد‎, also Romanized as Qannād) is a village in Rud Ab-e Sharqi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qannad	Iran
country	María Elena Solar Power Plant (Spanish: Planta Termosolar María Elena) is a concentrated solar power plant with a molten salt heat storage#Molten salt technology system that is currently under construction in the commune of María Elena in the Antofagasta Region of Chile.	María Elena Solar Power Plant	Chile
country	Budy Głogowskie (ˈbudɨ ɡwɔˈɡɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogów Małopolski, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Budy Głogowskie	Poland
country	Zalog pri Cerkljah (pronounced (ˈzaːlɔk pɾi tsɛɾˈkljax); German: Salog) is a village in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zalog pri Cerkljah	Slovenia
country	Kocahamzalı is a small village in Yenişehir district, which is an intracity district within Greater Mersin, Turkey.	Kocahamzalı	Turkey
country	Dáil Éireann (/dɔɪl ˈɛərən/; lit. Assembly of Ireland) is the lower house, and principal chamber, of the Oireachtas (Irish legislature), which also includes the President of Ireland and Seanad Éireann (the upper house).	Dáil Éireann	Ireland
country	Wat Xieng Thong (or Temple of the Golden City) is a Buddhist temple (wat), located on the northern tip of the peninsula of Luang Phrabang, Laos.	Wat Xieng Thong	Laos
country	Ginegar (Hebrew: גִּנֵּיגָר), is a kibbutz in northern Israel not far from Nazareth.	Ginegar	Israel
country	The Arboretum de Gratteloup (1 hectare) is an arboretum located in the Forêt du Dom near Bormes-les-Mimosas, Var, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Arboretum de Gratteloup	France
country	Triamudomsuksapattanakarn Ratchada School (Thai: โรงเรียนเตรียมอุดมศึกษาพัฒนาการ รัชดา (trīːəm ùʔdōm sɯ̀k.săː rat tʃʰa daː)) is a school in Bangkok, Thailand, established in 1961.	Triamudomsuksapattanakarn Ratchada School	Thailand
country	Waikowhai Intermediate School is a coeducational intermediate (Years 7 to 8) school located at 650 Richardson Road, Mount Roskill, Auckland City, New Zealand.	Waikowhai Intermediate School	New Zealand
country	Kyzyl-Kiya (Kyrgyz: Кызылкыя, Russian: Кызыл-Кия) is a city in Batken Region, in southwestern Kyrgyzstan.	Kyzyl-Kiya	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Ulldecona Dam, known locally as Embassament d'Ulldecona or Pantà d'Ulldecona (Spanish: Embalse de Ulldecona) is a gravity dam located in the Tinença de Benifassà and the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit mountains, within the La Pobla de Benifassà municipal limits, Valencian Community, Spain.	Ulldecona Dam	Spain
country	The Narcotic Control Act, passed in 1961, was one of Canada's national drug control statutes prior to its repeal by the 1996 Controlled Drugs and Substances Act.	Narcotic Control Act	Canada
country	Étang de Bois Rouge is a lake in the city of St.André, Réunion, France.	Étang de Bois Rouge	France
country	Mykyty (Ukrainian: Микити) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Mykyty	Ukraine
country	Batu Gajah Bypass or Jalan Bemban (Perak state route ) is a highway bypass in Batu Gajah, Perak, Malaysia.	Batu Gajah Bypass	Malaysia
country	SLAF Colombo is the Sri Lanka Air Force headquarters in Colombo.	SLAF Colombo	Sri Lanka
country	Killokennedy (Irish: Cill Ó gCinnéide) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Killokennedy	Ireland
country	Qazan-e Beyk (Persian: قازان بيك‎, also Romanized as Qāzān-e Beyk and Qāzān-e Beyg) is a village in Zangelanlu Rural District, Lotfabad District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qazan-e Beyk	Iran
country	Torchiarolo is a comune in the province of Brindisi in Apulia, on the south-east coast of Italy.	Torchiarolo	Italy
country	Pivorai − village in the southeast part of Ignalina district in Lithuania.	Pivorai	Lithuania
country	Ohr HaTorah Day School was an Orthodox Jewish day school, located in the River Heights neighbourhood of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Ohr HaTorah Day School	Canada
country	Vladimirsky Lager (Russian: Влади́мирский Ла́герь) is a rural locality (mestechko) in Strugo-Krasnensky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Vladimirsky Lager	Russia
country	The Oker Dam (German: Okertalsperre) is a dam in the Harz mountains in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Oker Dam	Germany
country	Mażucie (maˈʐut͡ɕe) (German: Oberhofen, until 1938: Masutschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Mażucie	Poland
country	The Château de la Croë is a large detached villa situated in eight hectares of grounds on the Cap d'Antibes peninsula on the Côte d'Azur, in the Alpes-Maritimes department of southern France.	Château de la Croë	France
country	Ferreira do Zêzere (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ ðu ˈzezɨɾ(ɨ))) is a municipality in Santarém District in Portugal.	Ferreira do Zêzere	Portugal
country	Campo de Mayo is a military base located in Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina, 30 km (19 mi) northwest of Buenos Aires.	Campo de Mayo	Argentina
country	Ano Pogoni (Greek: Άνω Πωγώνι) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Ano Pogoni	Greece
country	Metinvest is a Ukraine-based holding company of mining and steel assets.	Metinvest	Ukraine
country	The Sphinx Observatory is an astronomical observatory located above the Jungfraujoch in Switzerland.	Sphinx Observatory	Switzerland
country	St. Basil-the-Great College School (also known locally as St. Basil-The-Great, SBGCS, SBC, St. Basil's, or just Basil's) is a Roman Catholic secondary school of the Toronto Catholic District School Board located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	St. Basil-the-Great College School	Canada
country	The Kama Bridge (Russian: Мост через Каму), is a bridge on the highway R239 between Soroch'i Gory and Alekseevskoye settlements in Tatarstan, Russia.	Kama Bridge	Russia
country	Vyšný Medzev (German: Obermetzenseifen, Hungarian: Felsőmecenzéf) is a village and municipality of Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Vyšný Medzev	Slovakia
country	Saray Mohammad Hoseyn (Persian: سراي محمدحسين‎, also Romanized as Sarāy Moḩammad Ḩoseyn and Sarā Moḩammad Ḩoseyn) is a village in Khormarud-e Jonubi Rural District, Cheshmeh Saran District, Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Saray Mohammad Hoseyn	Iran
country	Diangokro (also spelled Diangobo) is a town in south-central Ivory Coast.	Diangokro	Ivory Coast
country	Nehvizdy (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnɛɦvɪzdɪ)) (German: Newest) is a market town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Nehvizdy	Czech Republic
country	Rezina is a city in Moldova and the capital of Rezina District.	Rezina	Moldova
country	The Museum of the City of Brussels (French: Musée de la ville de Bruxelles, Dutch: Museum van de Stad Brussel) is a museum on the Grand Place square in Brussels, Belgium.	Museum of the City of Brussels	Belgium
country	Bockenem is a town in the district of Hildesheim, Lower Saxony, Germany that was founded in 1154.	Bockenem	Germany
country	Nowe Ludzicko (ˈnɔvɛ luˈd͡ʑit͡skɔ) (German: Neu Lutzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowe Ludzicko	Poland
country	Buddhist Ladies' College (BLC) is a private girls' school in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Buddhist Ladies' College	Sri Lanka
country	Arorae (previously known as Arorai, Arurai, Hope Island or Hurd) is an atoll in Kiribati located near the equator.	Arorae	Kiribati
country	Perai River (also Prai and Trai; Malay: Sungai Perai) is a major river in Penang, Malaysia.	Perai River	Malaysia
country	The Arboreto di Arco (1 hectare) is an arboretum and botanical garden located at Viale delle Palme, 1, Arco, Trentino, Italy.	Arboreto di Arco	Italy
country	San Antonio de Padua, or plainly Padua, is a city in the Greater Buenos Aires, in Argentina.	San Antonio de Padua	Argentina
country	Ağusəm (also, Agusam) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağusəm	Azerbaijan
country	Mios Num (aka Num, Indonesian Pulau Mios Num) is an island of western New Guinea, Indonesia, just west of Yapen.	Mios Num	Indonesia
country	Iklaina (Greek: Ίκλαινα) is a historic village in the municipal unit of Pylos, Messenia, Greece.	Iklaina	Greece
country	Karkhaneh-ye Yikh Kuhdasht (Persian: کارخانه يخ کوهدشت‎‎, also Romanized as Kārkhānh Yīkh Kūhdasht) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Karkhaneh-ye Yikh Kuhdasht	Iran
country	The Defensible Barracks is a fortified barracks located at Europa Flats in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Defensible Barracks	Gibraltar
country	Heffingen (Luxembourgish: Hiefenech) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg, in the canton of Mersch.	Heffingen	Luxembourg
country	Veliki Borak (Serbian Cyrillic: Велики Борак) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Veliki Borak	Serbia
country	Montreuil Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield, which is located near the commune of La Bazoge in the Pays-de-la-Loire region of northern France.	Montreuil Airfield	France
country	The Khawak Pass (elevation 3,848 m (12,625 ft)) sits across the route heading to the northwest from near the head of the Panjshir Valley through the formidable Hindu Kush range to northern Afghanistan via Andarab and Baghlan.	Khawak Pass	Afghanistan
country	Zugne is a village in Bumthang District in central Bhutan, located south of Jakar and east of Gyetsa on the Chume River in the Chume Valley.	Zugne	Bhutan
country	Yifat (Hebrew: יִפְעַת, more accurated romanized as ``Yif'at'') is a kibbutz in Galilee, northern Israel.	Yifat	Israel
country	Tangerang is a city in the Province of Banten, Indonesia.	Tangerang	Indonesia
country	Nahrin is a town in Baghlan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Nahrin	Afghanistan
country	Wargaon is a village in the Kankavli taluka in Maharashtra, India.	Wargaon	India
country	``La Marseillaise'' (French pronunciation: ​(la maʁsɛjɛz)) is the national anthem of France.	La Marseillaise	France
country	The Ruashi Mine is an open-pit copper and cobalt mine operated by Metorex that is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from Lubumbashi in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Ruashi Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Gendebelo (also called Gende Belo) was an ancient Muslim trading city in Ethiopia.	Gendebelo	Ethiopia
country	In 2005, Clive Peeters bought the Rick Hart chain of retail stores in Western Australia, however the stores continue to trade under the Rick Hart name.	Clive Peeters	Australia
country	Kilimany (kiliˈmanɨ) (German: Lipniak, 1938-45:Friedrichshagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kilimany	Poland
country	Karamakhi (Russian: Карамахи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Buynaksky District of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia.	Karamakhi	Russia
country	The Chapel of the Most Blessed Sacrament (Building code: MBS; also known as MBS Chapel) is the main and largest chapel of De La Salle University in Manila, Philippines.	Chapel of the Most Blessed Sacrament	Philippines
country	Hornslet is a village located in East Jutland, on the westernmost Djursland, Denmark.	Hornslet	Denmark
country	The Six Mile Creek Dam is a rock and earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway across the Six Mile Creek that is located in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Six Mile Creek Dam	Australia
country	Shahrud Rural District (Persian: دهستان شاهرود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Shahrud Rural District	Iran
country	National Institute Of Technology Sikkim (NIT Sikkim or NITSKM) is an Institute of National Importance in Sikkim state of India.	National Institute Of Technology Sikkim	India	India
country	The Energy East pipeline is a proposed oil pipeline in Canada.	Energy East	Canada
country	Dhule Airport (ICAO: VA53) is located at Gondur village near Dhule, Maharashtra, India.	Dhule Airport	India
country	The Grand Mosque of Évry (French: Grande Mosquée d'Évry) is a mosque in Évry, Paris, France.	Grand Mosque of Évry	France
country	The Stubaital is an alpine valley in Tyrol, Austria.	Stubaital	Austria
country	The Point Addis Marine National Park is a protected marine national park located near Anglesea on the Surf Coast region of Victoria, Australia.	Point Addis Marine National Park	Australia
country	The Château de Courcy is a ruined castle in the commune of Courcy in the south of the Calvados département of France.	Château de Courcy	France
country	Tungenes Lighthouse (Norwegian: Tungenes fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located at Randaberg, in Rogaland, Norway.	Tungenes Lighthouse	Norway
country	Qorçulu (also, Qortçulu, Korchulu, and Kyurtchulu) is a village and municipality in the Sharur Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Qorçulu	Azerbaijan
country	Zgornja Ščavnica (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈʃtʃaːu̯nitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornja Ščavnica	Slovenia
country	Omloop Het Nieuwsblad, previously Omloop Het Volk, is a single day cycling race in Belgium.	Omloop Het Nieuwsblad	Belgium
country	OBC (sometimes called BCS for Beckmann Cars Sweden AB) or Ottmar Beckman Cars AB was a car manufacturer in Mantorp, Sweden.	Ottmar Beckman Cars AB	Sweden
country	Kobanî Canton (Kurdish: Kantona Kobaniyê‎) is the central of three cantons of de facto autonomous Rojava in northern Syria.	Kobanî Canton	Syria
country	Anglesea Road is a road joining Donnybrook with Ballsbridge, in Dublin, Ireland.	Anglesea Road	Ireland
country	Longwen District (simplified Chinese: 龙文区; traditional Chinese: 龍文區; pinyin: Lóngwén Qū; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Liông-bûn-khu) is a district of Zhangzhou, Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Longwen District	People's Republic of China
country	Roy Emerson Arena is a tennis stadium located in Gstaad, Switzerland.	Roy Emerson Arena	Switzerland
country	Kiğı (Kurdish: Gêxî, Armenian: Քղի Kʿġi) is a town and district of Bingöl Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Kiğı	Turkey
country	Cornell Terminal is a bus terminus, that has been part of long term planning by York Region Transit, and is expected to open in 2017 on a site immediately south of Markham Stouffville Hospital in Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Cornell Terminal	Canada
country	Pielenhofen Abbey (German: Kloster Pielenhofen) is a former Cistercian nunnery (founded in 1240), in Pielenhofen in the valley of the Naab, Bavaria, Germany.	Pielenhofen Abbey	Germany
country	Kolta is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Kolta	Slovakia
country	Choqa Kabud-e Sofla (Persian: چقاكبودسفلي‎, also Romanized as Choqā Kabūd-e Soflá; also known as Choqā Kabūd) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choqa Kabud-e Sofla	Iran
country	Singburi Province Stadium (Thai: สนามกีฬาจังหวัดสิงห์บุรี) is a multi-purpose stadium in Singburi province , Thailand.	Singburi Province Stadium	Thailand
country	Corrs Chambers Westgarth (also Corrs) is a premium independent commercial law firm in Australia.	Corrs Chambers Westgarth	Australia
country	Casa Cautiño is a house museum located in the town of Guayama, Puerto Rico.	Casa Cautiño	Puerto Rico
country	The United World College Maastricht (UWCM) is a United World College located in Maastricht, the Netherlands.	United World College Maastricht	Netherlands
country	Ventoso is a village (curazia) in central San Marino.	Ventoso	San Marino
country	St Laurence's College (known colloquially as Lauries) is a private Catholic school for boys and is located in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	St Laurence's College	Australia
country	Srbobran (Serbian Cyrillic: Србобран, IPA: (sr̩̂bɔbraːn), Hungarian: Szenttamás) is a town and municipality in South Bačka District of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Srbobran	Serbia
country	University of Baguio Science High School is a private, non-sectarian science school located in the City of Baguio, Philippines.	University of Baguio Science High School	Philippines
country	Nørre Broby, or simply Broby, is a small town in southwest-central Funen, Denmark, to the northeast of Haarby.	Nørre Broby	Denmark
country	The Réseau d'informations scientifiques du Québec (English: Quebec Scientific Information Network; RISQ) is the optical research and education network in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Réseau d'informations scientifiques du Québec	Canada
country	The Museum of Tyrolean Farms (German: Museum Tiroler Bauernhöfe) is an open-air museum in Kramsach, Austria.	Museum of Tyrolean Farms	Austria
country	Tourat is a town on the island of Saint Lucia; it is located towards the western coast of the island near Barre Denis.	Tourat	Saint Lucia
country	Gledić mountains (Serbian Cyrillic: Гледићке планине) is a mountain range in central Serbia, between cities of Kragujevac, Jagodina and Trstenik.	Gledić mountains	Serbia
country	The Alheimer is a hill in Hesse, Germany.	Alheimer	Germany
country	Penang International Airport (IATA: PEN, ICAO: WMKP), previously known as the Bayan Lepas International Airport, is situated outside the Bayan Lepas suburb at the southeastern end of Penang Island, Malaysia.	Penang International Airport	Malaysia
country	Zaloke (pronounced (ˈzaːlɔkɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Zaloke	Slovenia
country	Gwangju Station is on South Korea's high-speed KTX railway network, 353 km south of Yongsan Station.	Gwangju Station	South Korea
country	The House of Yi, also called the Korean Imperial Household or Jeonju Yi clan, was the household of Joseon and the Korean Empire, consisting of the descendants of Yi Seonggye, the founder of Joseon, known by his posthumous name, Taejo (``highest ancestor'').	House of Yi	Korean Empire
country	Pomorzany-Kolonia (pɔmɔˈʐanɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pomorzany-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Paute Dam, also known as the Daniel Palacios Dam and the Amaluza Dam, is the largest hydroelectric dam in Ecuador.	Paute Dam	Ecuador
country	Nuštar is a village and municipality in eastern Croatia, located northeast of Vinkovci and west of Vukovar, on the route D55.	Nuštar	Croatia
country	Estadio Regional de Antofagasta, officially Estadio Regional Calvo y Bascuñán, is a multi-use stadium in Antofagasta, Antofagasta Region, Chile.	Estadio Regional de Antofagasta	Chile
country	Stare Polesie (ˈstarɛ pɔˈlɛɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Polesie	Poland
country	Vaghemi (Persian: وغمي‎, also Romanized as Vaghemī) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Vaghemi	Iran
country	Espetk-e Hajji Gholam (Persian: اسپتك حاجي غلام‎, also Romanized as Espetk-e Ḩājjī Gholām; also known as Espetk-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Espetk-e Hajji Gholam	Iran
country	Chah Khashtu (Persian: چاه خشتو‎, also Romanized as Chāh Khashtū; also known as Chāh Khashdū) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Khashtu	Iran
country	Borów Polski (ˈbɔruf ˈpɔlski) (German: Windischborau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Borów Polski	Poland
country	Sinivuori Strict Nature Reserve (Sinivuoren luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in the Pirkanmaa region of Finland.	Sinivuori Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	Maeroa is a suburb in western Hamilton in New Zealand.	Maeroa	New Zealand
country	Zabukovje nad Sevnico (pronounced (zaˈbuːkɔu̯jɛ nat ˈseːu̯nitsɔ)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Zabukovje nad Sevnico	Slovenia
country	Khanpur railway station (Urdu: خان پور ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Khanpur city, Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Khanpur railway station	Pakistan
country	Hasselvika Church (Norwegian: Hasselvika kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Hasselvika Church	Norway
country	Cerro de las Mitras (literally 'Hill of the Mitres'), named for its distinctive mitre-shaped structures at the very top viewed from the northern side, is a symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León, Mexico.	Cerro de las Mitras	Mexico
country	Prapreče pri Straži (pronounced (ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ pɾi ˈstɾaːʒi)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Straža in southeastern Slovenia.	Prapreče pri Straži	Slovenia
country	Gonjače (pronounced (ɡɔˈnjaːtʃɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gonjače	Slovenia
country	Boumba Bek National Park is a national park in extreme southeastern Cameroon, located in its East Province.	Boumba Bek National Park	Cameroon
country	El Cronista (Spanish: The Reporter) is a daily business newspaper published in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	El Cronista	Argentina
country	The Amati Quartet in Residence is a string quartet, associated with the University of Saskatchewan (U of S) in Saskatoon, Canada.	Amati Quartet	Canada
country	Kojsko (pronounced (ˈkoːi̯skɔ)) is a village in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Kojsko	Slovenia
country	St. John's Medical College is one of India's premier medical institutions.	St. John's Medical College	India
country	Byalgrad (Bulgarian: Бялград, ``white fortress'') is a medieval fortress located eight kilometres from the village Gugutka in Haskovo Province, southeastern Bulgaria.	Byalgrad	Bulgaria
country	Gandorhun is a major diamond-producing town in Sierra Leone and major town in the Pujehun District of the Southern Province.	Gandorhun	Sierra Leone
country	Essen (German pronunciation: (ˈʔɛsn̩); Latin: Assindia) is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Essen	Germany
country	Chenar Khoshkeh (Persian: چنارخشكه‎, also Romanized as Chenār Khoshkeh) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar Khoshkeh	Iran
country	Naro Moru is a small market town in Nyeri County in central Kenya, lying on the Naro Moru River, between Nyeri and Nanyuki.	Naro Moru	Kenya
country	Hidrodoe is a science museum dedicated to water and located in the Netepark Herentals, Belgium.	Hidrodoe	Belgium
country	The Sriracha Tiger Zoo is a zoo in Sri Racha, a city on the outskirts of Pattaya, a seaside city in Chonburi Province, Thailand.	Sriracha Tiger Zoo	Thailand
country	Tha Ngon is a village in Vientiane Prefecture, Laos, It lies just north of the city of Vientiane and just to the south of the Nam Ngum River.	Tha Ngon	Laos
country	Milešovka is with its 837 m the highest mountain of České Středohoří, Czech Republic.	Milešovka	Czech Republic
country	Minjuhwa or Minjoohwa (Hangul: 민주화; hanja: 民主化, sometimes 民主和) is a political satire on the word democratization in South Korea.	Minjuhwa	South Korea
country	Teghut Mine is a major copper and molybdenum open-pit mine in Armenia's northern province of Lori in the village of Teghut with deposits valued at $15.5 billion USD (in 2010).	Teghut Mine	Armenia
country	Košúty (Hungarian: Nemeskosút) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Košúty	Slovakia
country	Picharagardha is a farming village in the eastern state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Picharagardha	India
country	Petra tou Digeni (Greek: Πέτρα του Διγενή, Turkish: Yeniceköy) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 7 km east of Kythrea.	Petra tou Digeni	Cyprus
country	Buka Passage is a narrow strait that separates Buka Island from the northern part of Bougainville Island in Papua New Guinea.	Buka Passage	Papua New Guinea
country	Sumpafallen is a nature reserve in Sweden, located along Högvadsån, a tributary to river Ätran.	Sumpafallen	Sweden
country	Zali Log (pronounced (ˈzaːli ˈloːk); German: Salilog) is a village in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zali Log	Slovenia
country	Duz Aychi (Persian: دوزايچي‎, also Romanized as Dūz Āychī and Dūzāychī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Duz Aychi	Iran
country	Emamzadeh Taher (Persian: امامزاده طاهر ‎) is located in Iran in the town of Karaj, is one of the most famous cemeteries in Iran.	Emamzadeh Taher	Iran
country	Lake Lumao is a lake located in the Agusan Valley in the province of Agusan del Sur, Philippines.	Lake Lumao	Philippines
country	Childara (Persian: چهل‌دره ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Childara	Tajikistan
country	Giby (ˈɡibɨ), is a village in Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Giby	Poland
country	Estadio Las Higueras was a football stadium in Talcahuano, Chile.	Estadio Las Higueras	Chile
country	The Sanzhi UFO houses (Chinese: 三芝飛碟屋; pinyin: Sānzhī Fēidiéwū), also known as the Sanzhi pod houses or Sanzhi Pod City, were a set of abandoned pod-shaped buildings in Sanzhi District, New Taipei City, Taiwan.	Sanzhi UFO houses	Taiwan
country	Ivrea railway station (Italian: Stazione di Ivrea) is the train station serving the town and comune of Ivrea, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Ivrea railway station	Italy
country	Gyueshevo (Bulgarian: Гюешево, pronounced (ˈɡju.ɛʃɛvu); also transliterated Gjueshevo, Guieshevo, Gjueševo) is a village in Kyustendil Municipality, Kyustendil Province, in western Bulgaria.	Gyueshevo	Bulgaria
country	Nordøyan Lighthouse (Norwegian: Nordøyan fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Vikna in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.	Nordøyan Lighthouse	Norway
country	Solwezi is the capital of the North-Western Province of Zambia.	Solwezi	Zambia
country	Khopala is a village and a grampanchayat in Botad district in the state of Gujarat, India.	Khopala	India
country	Sandbore Caye Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at the north end of the Lighthouse Reef at 74 kilometres (46 mi) from Belize City, Belize.	Sandbore Caye Light	Belize
country	The Yedigöller National Park (Turkish: Yedigöller, ``seven lakes'') also known as Seven Lakes National Park is located in the northern part of Bolu Province in Turkey.	Yedigöller National Park	Turkey
country	Cordillera de Sama Biological Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Biológica Cordillera de Sama) is a protected area in Bolivia located in the Tarija Department, in the Cercado Province, Eustaquio Méndez Province, and José María Avilés Province.	Cordillera de Sama Biological Reserve	Bolivia
country	Gatun Lake (Sp. Lago Gatún) is a large artificial lake to the south of Colón, Panama.	Gatun Lake	Panama
country	Senthaneerpuram (Tamil: செந்தண்ணீர்புரம்) is an industrial suburb of the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Senthaneerpuram	India
country	Umarga Tahsil is a tahsil/taluka (subdistrict) in Osmanabad district, Maharashtra on the Deccan Plateau of India.	Umarga Tahsil	India
country	Goose Neck Tower is an 87-metre concrete radio tower, near Bell and Mendig in West Germany.	Goose Neck Tower	Germany
country	The Stockholm University Student Union (SUS) is one of Sweden's largest student organisations with more than 22,000 members (as of November 2011).	Stockholm University Student Union	Sweden
country	Lifuka Island Airport (IATA: HPA, ICAO: NFTL), also known as Salote Pilolevu Airport or Haʻapai Airport, is an airport on Lifuka in Tonga.	Lifuka Island Airport	Tonga
country	The Pearl Continental Bhurban, usually shortened to PC Bhurban, is a member of Pearl Continental Hotel chain in Pakistan.	Pearl Continental Bhurban	Pakistan
country	The Wijnegem Shopping Center is a shopping mall in Wijnegem, near Antwerp, Belgium.	Wijnegem Shopping Center	Belgium
country	The Isthmus of Ofqui lies close to the Chile Triple Junction where the Nazca Plate, the South American Plate, and the Antarctic Plate meets.	Isthmus of Ofqui	Chile
country	Piszkawa (piʂˈkava) (German: Schreiben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Piszkawa	Poland
country	Tang Lejari (Persian: تنگ لجاري‎, also Romanized as Tang Lejārī) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tang Lejari	Iran
country	Sint-Amands (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌsɪnt ɑˈmɑnts)) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Antwerp, Belgium.	Sint-Amands	Belgium
country	The Mulanje Massif, also known as Mount Mulanje, is a large monadnock in southern Malawi only 65 km east of Blantyre, rising sharply from the surrounding plains of Chiradzulu, and the tea-growing Mulanje district.	Mulanje Massif	Malawi
country	La Centinela is an archaeological site in Peru which was an active administrative center during both the Inca and pre-Inca periods.	La Centinela	Peru
country	Buangkok MRT Station (NE15) is an underground station located on the North East Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Singapore.	Buangkok MRT Station	Singapore
country	Qaba Sorkh (Persian: قباسرخ‎, also Romanized as Qabā Sorkh; also known as Qaba-i-Surkh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qaba Sorkh	Iran
country	Rasas (Arabic: رساس‎, also spelled Rsas) is a village in southern Syria, administratively part of the al-Suwayda Governorate, located south of al-Suwayda.	Rasas	Syria
country	The Ansgar's Church (Swedish: Ansgariikyrkan) is a church building in Jönköping, Sweden.	Ansgar's Church	Sweden
country	Anicad Sree Bhagavathi Temple is a well-known hindu temple of Bhadrakali goddess located at Anicad, Kottayam district, Kerala, India.	Anicad Sree Bhagavathi Temple	India
country	Nikunau is a low coral island in the Gilbert Islands and forms a council district of the Republic of Kiribati.	Nikunau	Kiribati
country	Vileišis Palace is a Neo-baroque style architectural ensemble in Vilnius, Lithuania, built for Petras Vileišis.	Vileišis Palace	Lithuania
country	Latifabad Taluka was an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Latifabad Taluka	Pakistan
country	Skoger is a village located on the border between Buskerud and Vestfold counties, Norway.	Skoger	Norway
country	Stade Cheikha Ould Boïdiya is a football stadium located in Nouakchott, Mauritania which has a capacity of 1,000 spectators.	Stade Cheikha Ould Boïdiya	Mauritania
country	Mali Badić (Cyrillic: Мали Бадић) is a village in the municipality of Bosanska Krupa, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mali Badić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Brisbane Institute was an independent think tank based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded in 1999.	The Brisbane Institute	Australia
country	Kuh Yakhab Rural District (Persian: دهستان كوه يخاب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kuh Yakhab Rural District	Iran
country	Goodnight, Sunrise is a Canadian indie rock band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Goodnight, Sunrise	Canada
country	Chavanga (Russian: Чаваньга) is the rural locality (a Selo) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Chavanga	Russia
country	Boudenib (Arabic: بوذنيب‎) is a town in eastern Morocco, close to the border with Algeria, in the Atlas Mountains.	Boudenib	Morocco
country	The Sierra Madre Occidental is a mountain range in western Mexico.	Sierra Madre Occidental	Mexico
country	Sefid Khani-ye Olya (Persian: سفيدخاني عليا‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Sefīd Khānī) is a village in Zangvan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 9 families.	Sefid Khani-ye Olya	Iran
country	The Route nationale 22 (RN22) is a highway in southern France, connecting l'Hospitalet-près-l'Andorre to Pas de la Casa in the Principality of Andorra.	Route nationale 22	France
country	Bavarians (Bavarian: Boarn, Standard German: Bayern) are an ethnographic group of Germans of the Bavaria region, a state within Germany.	Bavarians	Germany
country	Museo Castillo Serrallés (English: Serrallés Castle Museum) is a museum in the city of Ponce, Puerto Rico, that showcases the history of sugar cane and rum industries and its impact in the economy of Puerto Rico.	Museo Castillo Serrallés	Puerto Rico
country	Chin State (Burmese: ချင်းပြည်နယ်; MLCTS: hkyang: pranynai, pronounced: (tɕʰɪ́ɴ pjìnɛ̀)) is a state in western Myanmar.	Chin State	Myanmar
country	Upper Hutt central business district is the commercial and geographic focal point of Upper Hutt city, located in the lower North Island of New Zealand.	Upper Hutt central business district	New Zealand
country	Aliman (Romanian pronunciation: (aliˈman)) is a commune in Constanţa County, Romania.	Aliman	Romania
country	Kahel Qeshlaq (Persian: كهل قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Kahel Qeshlāq) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kahel Qeshlaq	Iran
country	Ovanåker is a locality situated in Ovanåker Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 212 inhabitants in 2010.	Ovanåker	Sweden
country	Skidegate Inlet is an inlet on the east coast of the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Skidegate Inlet	Canada
country	Golkapargeh (Persian: گل کپرگه‎) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Golkapargeh	Iran
country	Donja Vrbava ((Serbian: Доња Врбава)) is a village in central Serbia.	Donja Vrbava	Serbia
country	Sint-Kruis is suburb of Bruges in the province of West Flanders in Belgium.	Sint-Kruis	Belgium
country	Hanus (ˈxanus) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Hanus	Poland
country	Bankouale is a town in Tadjoura region of Djibouti.	Bankouale	Djibouti
country	The Daedong Bay Important Bird Area lies on the north-eastern coast of the Yellow Sea on the west coast of North Korea near the mouth of the Taedong River.	Daedong Bay Important Bird Area	North Korea
country	The High School I.E.S. Mariano Quintanilla, Segovia is a state High School in Segovia, Spain, Europe.	I.E.S. Mariano Quintanilla	Spain
country	Alonakia (Greek: Αλωνάκια) is a municipal department of the city of Kozani in northern Greece.	Alonakia	Greece
country	Mäntyharju (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈmæntyˌɦɑrju), ``Pine Ridge'') is a municipality of Finland.	Mäntyharju	Finland
country	Newswest is a community publication serving a number of communities within Canada's National Capital Region.	Newswest	Canada
country	Isfahan University of Technology (IUT) (Persian: دانشگاه صنعتی اصفهان Dāneshgāh-e San'ati-ye Esfahān) is one of the most prestigious engineering universities in Iran.	Isfahan University of Technology	Iran
country	Ernesto Tornquist Provincial Park (Spanish: Parque Provincial Ernesto Tornquist) is a provincial protected area in the south of Buenos Aires Province, mid-eastern Argentina.	Ernesto Tornquist Provincial Park	Argentina
country	Al Fashir, Al-Fashir or El Fasher (Arabic: الفاشر‎) is the capital city of North Darfur, Sudan.	Al-Fashir	Sudan
country	Sunhwa Arts School is a private coeducational college preparatory arts academy located in Seoul, South Korea.	Sunhwa Arts School	South Korea
country	Obadan is a small town located in Nigeria, about 38.5 kilometres (23.9 mi) east of Benin City, Edo State, Nigeria.	Obadan	Nigeria
country	Sarban minaret (Persian: مناره ساربان‎) is a historical minaret in Isfahan, Iran.	Sarban minaret	Iran
country	Oido (Hangul: 오이도; hanja: 烏耳島) is an island on the West Coast region of South Korea's Gyeonggi Province (also known as Gyeonggi-do).	Oido	South Korea
country	Fumay (French pronunciation: ​(fy.mɛ)) is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France, very close to the Belgian border.	Fumay	France
country	The Jaú River (São Paulo) is a river in the São Paulo state of southeastern Brazil.	Jaú River (São Paulo)	Brazil
country	Founded in 1872, the Rutgers University Glee Club (RUGC) is the eighth oldest Glee Club in the United States of America, a nationally recognized men's chorus based at Rutgers University, in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Rutgers University Glee Club	United States of America
country	Deivaseyalpuram is located in the Tirunelveli-Thoothukudi on National Highway 7A in India.	Deivaseyalpuram	India
country	Khiytola (Russian: Хийтола; Finnish: Hiitola) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Lakhdenpokhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia.	Khiytola	Russia
country	The church known as Goslar Cathedral (German: Goslarer Dom) was the collegiate church of St. Simon and St. Jude in the town of Goslar in central Germany.	Goslar Cathedral	Germany
country	The Parc des Princes (French pronunciation: ​(paʁk de pʁɛ̃s), literally ``Park of the Princes'' or ``Princes' Park'' in English) is an all-seater football stadium located in the southwest of Paris, France.	Parc des Princes	France
country	Nyuya River (Russian: Нюя) is a river in Sakha, Russia.	Nyuya River	Russia
country	Wąbrzeźno (vɔmˈbʐɛʑnɔ) (German: Briesen) is a town in Poland, in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, about 35 kilometres (22 miles) northeast of Toruń.	Wąbrzeźno	Poland
country	Plumancy Square (in French: place Plumancy) is a town square, situated in Périgueux (France).	Plumancy Square	France
country	Surbiton Park is an area in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in Greater London, United Kingdom.	Surbiton Park	United Kingdom
country	Harun va Sakez (Persian: هارون وسكز‎, also Romanized as Hārūn va Sakez; also known as Hārūn Sagez, Hārūn Sakez, and Hārūn Sakkez) is a village in Fedashkuyeh Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Harun va Sakez	Iran
country	Sapuny (saˈpunɨ) (German: Sapuhnen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sapuny	Poland
country	Ithaka Science Center, a hands-on science education center in Tegelen in the Netherlands was founded in 2008 as a non-profit organization by Vaggelis E. Fragiadakis and Margriet van Tulder and funded as a public-private partnership.	Ithaka Science Center	Netherlands
country	Ubari Airport is an airport in Ubari, Libya (IATA: QUB, ICAO: HLUB).	Ubari Airport	Libya
country	Humberstone and Santa Laura Saltpeter Works are two former saltpeter refineries located in northern Chile.	Humberstone and Santa Laura Saltpeter Works	Chile
country	Greylingstad (Afrikaans for Greyling City) is a small farming town west of Standerton in Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Greylingstad	South Africa
country	Lahouda (also spelled Laouda) is a village in southern Ivory Coast.	Lahouda	Ivory Coast
country	Kołdów (ˈkɔu̯duf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kołdów	Poland
country	Nazeriyeh (Persian: ناظريه‎, also Romanized as Nāz̧erīyeh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nazeriyeh	Iran
country	Webster's Falls, noted for its panoramas, is a 22 metre high classical curtain/ plunge waterfall found in the Spencer Gorge/Webster's Falls Conservation Area in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Webster's Falls	Canada
country	Traunkirchen is a municipality on the Traunsee in the Austrian state of Upper Austria, Austria.	Traunkirchen	Austria
country	Agenais, or Agenois, was an ancient region that became a county (Old French: conté or cunté) of France, south of Périgord.	Agenais	France
country	The Rangkul Valley Important Bird Area is a 1612 km2 tract of land in eastern Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in eastern Tajikistan, not far from the border with China.	Rangkul Valley Important Bird Area	Tajikistan
country	Farkhan-e Kohneh (Persian: فرخان كهنه‎, also Romanized as Farkhān-e Kohneh) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Farkhan-e Kohneh	Iran
country	Gwadar Bay is located in the Gulf of Oman on the maritime border of Pakistan and Iran.	Gwadar Bay	Pakistan
country	Sandøyna or Sandøya is the largest island in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Sandøyna	Norway
country	The BD Somani International School is an International Baccalaureate- and IGCSE-certified school in Mumbai, India.	BD Somani International School	India
country	Chwaszczyno (xfaʂˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) (German: Quaschin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chwaszczyno	Poland
country	Khirkiqucha (Quechua khirki armadillo / very rough, qucha lake, ``armadillo lake'' or ``rough lake'', hispanicized spelling Querquecocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region, Chumbivilcas Province, Velille District.	Khirkiqucha	Peru
country	Anglity (anˈɡlitɨ) (German: Angnitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Anglity	Poland
country	Skamby is a village in Denmark, with a population of 446 (1 January 2014), in Nordfyn municipality on the island of Funen.	Skamby	Denmark
country	Kuusankosken Kumu was a football club established in 1964 from Kuusankoski, Finland.	Kuusankosken Kumu	Finland
country	Mohammad Rakhshani (Persian: محمد رخشاني‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Rakhshānī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Rakhshani	Iran
country	Shaft County (Persian: شهرستان شفت‎) is a county in Gilan Province in Iran.	Shaft County	Iran
country	Shibar Pass is situated at a height of 3,000 m above sea-level and is one of the two main routes from Kabul to Bamiyan in central Afghanistan.	Shibar Pass	Afghanistan
country	Kolding (Danish pronunciation: (ˈkʰʌleŋ)) is a Danish seaport located at the head of Kolding Fjord in the Region of Southern Denmark.	Kolding	Denmark
country	Pasni Tehsil (Urdu: تحصِيل پسنى‎), is a subdivision (tehsil) of Gwadar District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Pasni Tehsil	Pakistan
country	The Research Institute of Industrial Economics (IFN) is a research institute in economics based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Research Institute of Industrial Economics	Sweden
country	Knysna Local Municipality is a municipality part of Eden District Municipality located in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.	Knysna Local Municipality	South Africa
country	San Paolo Albanese (Arbëresh: Shën Pali Arbëresh) is a village and comune of 328 people in the province of Potenza, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy.	San Paolo Albanese	Italy
country	Norwegian County Road 420 is a county road in Vest-Agder and Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Norwegian County Road 420	Norway
country	The Turkish and Islamic Arts Museum (Turkish: Türk ve İslam Eserleri Müzesi) is a museum located in Sultanahmet Square in Fatih district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Turkish and Islamic Arts Museum	Turkey
country	Qaravolan Rural District (Persian: دهستان قراولان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qaravolan Rural District	Iran
country	Hacışəkər is a village in the municipality of Yuxarı Ələz in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacışəkər	Azerbaijan
country	Starowlany (starɔˈvlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Starowlany	Poland
country	Primštal (pronounced (ˈpɾiːmʃtau̯)) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Primštal	Slovenia
country	Naqdu (Persian: نقدو‎, also Romanized as Naqdū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Naqdu	Iran
country	Peenemünde (German pronunciation: (peːnəˈmʏndə), English: ``Peene (River) Mouth'') is a municipality on the Baltic Sea island of Usedom in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Peenemünde	Germany
country	Lónya is a tiny, old village in County of Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg, Hungary.	Lónya	Hungary
country	Keumjeong High School (Korean: 금정고등학교, Hanja: 金井高等學校), located in Busan, is a high school in South Korea.	Keumjeong High School	South Korea
country	Kolivand (Persian: كليوند‎, also Romanized as Kolīvand) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kolivand	Iran
country	Donji Tavankut (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Таванкут), also known simply as Tavankut (Таванкут), is a village located some 16 km west of Subotica, Serbia.	Donji Tavankut	Serbia
country	It lies to the south of Nakuru, in the rift valley of Kenya and is protected by Lake Nakuru National Park.	Lake Nakuru	Kenya
country	Stieltjeskanaal is a canal in the Netherlands and it is part of the Coevorden municipality in Drenthe.	Stieltjeskanaal	Netherlands
country	Chrząszczewska Island is an island in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland with an area of 10 km2, located in Dziwna straits, in Kamień Pomorski County, linked with the mainland by bridge around the town of Kamień Pomorski.	Chrząszczewska Island	Poland
country	Ulaanbadrakh (Mongolian: Улаанбадрах, Red blossom) is a sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia.	Ulaanbadrakh	Mongolia
country	The Commando Memorial is a Category A listed monument in the United Kingdom, dedicated to the men of the original British Commando Forces raised during World War II. Situated around a mile from Spean Bridge village, it overlooks the training areas of the Commando Training Depot established in 1942 at Achnacarry Castle.	Commando Memorial	United Kingdom
country	Velike Lipljene (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɛ ˈliːpljɛnɛ); German: Großliplein) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Velike Lipljene	Slovenia
country	Located in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada, Yorkville University is an accredited, private, non-denominational university, specializing in online university degree programs.	Yorkville University	Canada
country	Chortovets (Ukrainian: Чортовець, Polish: Czortowiec, Russian: Chertovets, Hebrew: צ'ורטובייץ‎) is a village, located near Horodenka and Obertyn in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Chortovets	Ukraine
country	Nakolec (Macedonian: Наколец; Albanian: Nakolec/i) is a village on Lake Prespa in Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia.	Nakolec	Macedonia
country	Latingan (Persian: لتينگان‎, also Romanized as Latīngān; also known as Lītangān) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Latingan	Iran
country	Whangapoua is a small settlement of mostly holiday houses on the Coromandel Peninsula of New Zealand.	Whangapoua	New Zealand
country	Haji Khel is a town located at 32.9928°N 67.9653°E at 2,117 m altitude in the northern part of Ab Band district, Ghazni Province, Afghanistan and is the capital of the district.	Haji Khel	Afghanistan
country	The Atea Cave is a very large cave at the base of a 300m deep doline in the highlands of Papua New Guinea.	Atea Cave	Papua New Guinea
country	Dragožani (Macedonian: Драгожани) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia.	Dragožani	Macedonia
country	Dabayin (Burmese: ဒီပဲယင္း; also spelled Debayin, Depayin, or Tabayin, or Ngapayin) is a town in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar.	Tabayin	Myanmar
country	Mowtowr-e Amir Hasan Beg (Persian: موتوراميرحسن بگ‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Amīr Ḩasan Beg) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Amir Hasan Beg	Iran
country	Mosfileri (Greek: Μοσφιλερή) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, just east of the Kokkina exclave.	Mosfileri	Cyprus
country	Qermezi Bolagh (Persian: قرمزي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Qermezī Bolāgh; also known as Qermez Bolāgh) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qermezi Bolagh	Iran
country	Nithar Ke (Punjabi, Urdu: نٹھر کے‎) is a village of Bhawana tehsil in district of Chiniot, Punjab, Pakistan.	Nithar Ke	Pakistan
country	Meshchyorsky National Park (Russian: Национальный парк ``Мещерский'') covers extensive wetlands (swamps, peat bogs, rivers and lakes) and pine/birch woodlands in the Meshchera Lowlands on the East European Plain in the northern section of Ryazan Oblast, Russia, about 120 km east of Moscow.	Meshchyorsky National Park	Russia
country	Suomusjärvi (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈsuomusˌjærʋi)) is a former municipality of Finland.	Suomusjärvi	Finland
country	Leinesfjord Chapel (Norwegian: Leinesfjord kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.	Leinesfjord Chapel	Norway
country	Sevilla la Nueva is a town located in the south west of the Community of Madrid, Spain.	Sevilla la Nueva	Spain
country	Mier Municipality is one of the municipalities of Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Mier Municipality	Mexico
country	The vineyards of Achkarren are considered part of the best in Germany.	Achkarren	Germany
country	Mowtowr-e Ab Faqirdad Jadgal (Persian: موتور آب فقيرداد جدگال‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Āb Faqīrdād Jadgāl) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ab Faqirdad Jadgal	Iran
country	The Upper Weser Valley (German: Oberes Wesertal) in central Germany has been formed by the Upper Weser river cutting through the Weser Uplands for around 200 kilometres (120 mi) between the towns of Hann.	Upper Weser Valley	Germany
country	Gezende Dam is an arch dam on the Ermenek River in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Gezende Dam	Turkey
country	Little Rock Chapel Falls is an 8 metre high horsetail ribbon waterfall found on Royal Botanical Gardens controlled property in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Little Rock Chapel Falls	Canada
country	Trépillots is an industrial park located in Besançon (Doubs, France).	Trépillots	France
country	Przyrowie (pʂɨˈrɔvjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Przyrowie	Poland
country	Gerd Ashvan (Persian: گرداشوان‎, also Romanized as Gerd Āshvān) is a village in Lahijan Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerd Ashvan	Iran
country	Strathcona County Library is a publicly funded library in the special municipality of Strathcona County, Alberta, Canada.	Strathcona County Library	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Jannatabad (Persian: مزرعه جنت اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Jannatābād; also known as Jannatābād) is a village in Aqda Rural District, Aqda District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Jannatabad	Iran
country	Lakhdenpokhya (Russian: Лахденпо́хья; Finnish: Lahdenpohja) is a town and the administrative center of Lakhdenpokhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located 330 kilometers (210 mi) west of Petrozavodsk on the Aurayoki River.	Lakhdenpokhya	Russia
country	Qiwi is a publicly traded Russian payment service provider headquartered in Nicosia (Cyprus), that operates electronic online payment systems primarily in Russia, Kazakhstan, Moldova, Belarus, Romania, the United States, and the United Arab Emirates.	Qiwi	Russia
country	Goričica pri Ihanu (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsa pɾi iˈxaːnu)) is a small settlement east of Ihan in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Goričica pri Ihanu	Slovenia
country	The Penang Bridge (Malay: Jambatan Pulau Pinang; Chinese: 槟威大桥; pinyin: Bīn-Wēi dà qiáo; Tamil: பினாங்கு பாலம்), route E36, is a 13.5-kilometre (8.4-mile) dual carriageway toll bridge and controlled-access highway in the state of Penang, Malaysia.	Penang Bridge	Malaysia
country	Çorçorbinə is a village in the municipality of Poştbinə in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çorçorbinə	Azerbaijan
country	Cekin Mansion (Slovene: Cekinov grad) is a mansion on the northern edge of Tivoli Park in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Cekin Mansion	Slovenia
country	San Miguel, Bulacan (Filipino: Bayan ng San Miguel; Kapampangan: Balen ning Mayumu) is a first class, urban municipality located in the third district of the province of Bulacan, Philippines.	San Miguel, Bulacan	Philippines
country	Bangalore Military School (Rashtriya Military School Bangalore or King George Royal Indian Military College) is a residential school in Bangalore, Karnataka, India, established on 1 August 1946.	Bangalore Military School	India
country	Sunnmørsalpane (English: Sunnmøre Alps) is a collective term for the mountains range in the Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Sunnmørsalpane	Norway
country	The SP-81 is a highway in the southeastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	SP-81	Brazil
country	Bolghan (Persian: بلغان‎‎, also Romanized as Bolghān) is a village in Harm Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bolghan	Iran
country	Gul Imam is an administrative unit, known as Union council, of Tank District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Gul Imam	Pakistan
country	Hacıuşağı (also, Gadzhi-Ushagy and Gadzhyushagy) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıuşağı	Azerbaijan
country	Ascq Communal Cemetery is a cemetery located in the former village of Ascq, today a district of Villeneuve d'Ascq, Nord, France.	Ascq Communal Cemetery	France
country	Oksenøya or Uksenøya is an island in the Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Oksenøya	Norway
country	Taidepoliisi (Finnish for ``arts police'') is a statue designed by Pekka Kauhanen, located in Espoo, Finland, in the roundabout between Pohjantie and Ahertajantie.	Taidepoliisi	Finland
country	Oppsal is a suburb in the borough of Østensjø in Oslo, Norway.	Oppsal	Norway
country	Lutomirów (lutɔˈmiruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lutomirów	Poland
country	The Mannar mass grave is located in Mannar, Sri Lanka.	Mannar mass grave	Sri Lanka
country	Al-Mukharram al-Tahtani (Arabic: مخرم التحتاني‎) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located northeast of Homs.	Al-Mukharram al-Tahtani	Syria
country	Ashti Bolagh (Persian: اشتي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Āshtī Bolāgh) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ashti Bolagh	Iran
country	Pantanaw Township (Burmese: ပန်းတနော်မြို့နယ် (páɴtənɔ̀ mjo̰nɛ̀))) is a township of Maubin District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar.	Pantanaw Township	Myanmar
country	Christopher Columbus Museum is a museum in Valladolid in western Spain built in 1968.	Christopher Columbus Museum	Spain
country	Kotilingeshwara is the presiding deity of the temple of the same name in the village of Kammasandra in India.	Kotilingeshwara	India
country	Onsøy is a peninsula and a former municipality in Østfold county, Norway.	Onsøy	Norway
country	Noramut (Armenian: Նորամուտ), is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Noramut	Armenia
country	Chah Quski (Persian: چاه قوسكي‎, also Romanized as Chāh Qūskī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Quski	Iran
country	Rasiei is a village which is the administrative centre of the district of Rasiey, in Wondama Bay Regency of West Papua province of Indonesia.	Rasiei	Indonesia
country	German submarine U-394 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out two patrols.	German submarine U-394	Nazi Germany
country	Rozstępniewo (rɔsstɛmpˈɲɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rozstępniewo	Poland
country	The Jacmel Film Festival is a Haitian festival celebrated in the seaside city of Jacmel, Haiti.	Jacmel Film Festival	Haiti
country	Straža pri Novi Cerkvi (pronounced (ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi ˈnɔːʋi ˈtseːɾkʋi)) is a settlement in the hills north of Nova Cerkev in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Straža pri Novi Cerkvi	Slovenia
country	The elite Breach Candy Club in the neighbourhood features the country's largest India-shaped swimming pool.	Breach Candy	India
country	St. Servatius' College is a boys' school located in the Matara District, the southern-most District of Sri Lanka's.	St. Servatius' College	Sri Lanka
country	Aapajärvi is the biggest lake in Tornio, Finland.	Aapajärvi	Finland
country	Kutná Hora (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkutnaː ˈɦora); medieval Czech: Hory Kutné; German: Kuttenberg) is a city situated in the Central Bohemian Region of Bohemia, which is now part of the Czech Republic.	Kutná Hora	Czech Republic
country	Tayopa is the name of a legendary lost silver mine in the Sierra Mountains of Mexico.	Tayopa	Mexico
country	Pariveh-ye Sofla (Persian: پريوه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Parīveh-ye Soflá; also known as Parīvar-e Pā’īn, Parīveh, and Parīveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pariveh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Percy Doyle Reserve is a sporting facility in Duncraig, Western Australia currently used for association football.	Percy Doyle Reserve	Australia
country	Kaspry (ˈkasprɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kaspry	Poland
country	Pyshkivtsi (Ukrainian: Пишківці) is a village in the Buchach Raion (district) of the Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Pyshkivtsi	Ukraine
country	Örbyhus Castle (Swedish: Örbyhus slott) is a castle in Tierp Municipality, Sweden.	Örbyhus Castle	Sweden
country	Puerto Libertador (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpweɾto liβeɾtaˈðor)) is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.	Puerto Libertador	Colombia
country	Jarków (ˈjarkuf) (German: Järker) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jarków	Poland
country	Sallanches is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department of France with a resident population of over 16,000.	Sallanches	France
country	Vikingarännet, (The Viking Run), is a long distance ice skating race and tour skating event between Uppsala and Stockholm in Sweden.	Vikingarännet	Sweden
country	Chum Het (Thai: ชุมเห็ด) is a town (thesaban mueang) in Thailand, about 413 km northeast of Bangkok.	Chum Het	Thailand
country	Nowy Rdutów (ˈnɔvɨ ˈrdutuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Rdutów	Poland
country	Hamiville (Luxembourgish: Heesdref) is a village in the commune of Wincrange, in northern Luxembourg.	Hamiville	Luxembourg
country	Arbat-e Sofla (Persian: اربطسفلي‎, also Romanized as Arbaţ-e Soflá) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Arbat-e Sofla	Iran
country	Korczowa-Krakovets is a land border crossing between Ukraine and Poland.	Korczowa-Krakovets	Ukraine
country	Sumaila is a historic town and headquarters of a Local Government Area in Kano State, Northern Nigeria.	Sumaila	Nigeria
country	Randers Tropical Zoo (Danish: Randers Regnskov) is an indoor zoo in Randers, Denmark.	Randers Tropical Zoo	Denmark
country	Praia do Guincho (English: Guincho Beach) is a popular Atlantic blue flag beach located on Portugal's Estoril coast, 5 km from the town of Cascais, and is located in the municipality of Cascais, more precisely in the parishes of Cascais and Alcabideche, in the District of Lisbon.	Praia do Guincho	Portugal
country	Rachowa (raˈxɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rachowa	Poland
country	Tall Ship Chronicles was a television series produced in Canada in 2001 and 2002.	Tall Ship Chronicles	Canada
country	Villa Armira (Bulgarian: Вила ``Армира'') is a 1st-century suburban Roman villa in southeastern Bulgaria, located in the proximity of Ivaylovgrad, Haskovo Province.	Villa Armira	Bulgaria
country	Orton Island is an island about 1 km southeast of Cape Grenville in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland, Australia, in Temple Bay about 200 km northeast of Iron Range National Park and Lockhart River in the Cape York Peninsula.	Orton Island	Australia
country	Bothmanskloof Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa, on the Regional road R46 between Malmesbury and Riebeek Kasteel.	Bothmanskloof Pass	South Africa
country	Zeballos Peak, formerly known as Zeballos Mountain, is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 14 km (9 mi) northeast of Zeballos and 10 km (6 mi) northwest of Rugged Mountain.	Zeballos Peak	Canada
country	The Emu Bay Shale is a geological formation in Emu Bay, South Australia, containing a major Konservat-Lagerstätten (fossil beds with soft tissue preservation).	Emu Bay Shale	Australia
country	Jebel Ghawil or Jabal Ghawil is a village and a mountain in Al Buraimi Governorate, in northeastern Oman.	Jebel Ghawil	Oman
country	Dolenji Boštanj (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji bɔˈʃtaːn); German: Untersavenstein) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Dolenji Boštanj	Slovenia
country	The Port of Shëngjin or Shëngjin Harbor (Albanian: Porti i Shëngjinit) is a port of Albania in the city of Shëngjin, Albania.	Port of Shëngjin	Albania
country	Reuchlin-Gymnasium (germ. for Reuchlin Grammar School) is a general educating grammar school of the town Pforzheim in Germany with one lingual and one scientific orientation.	Reuchlin-Gymnasium	Germany
country	Bakhti-ye Bala (Persian: بختي بالا‎, also Romanized as Bakhtī-ye Bālā; also known as Dar Moḩammad, Bakhtī, and Qanāt-e Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bakhti-ye Bala	Iran
country	The Kishon River (Hebrew: נחל הקישון‎, Nachal HaKishon; Arabic: نهر المقطع‎, Nahr el-Mokatta, or Mukutta', -- the river of slaughter or dismemberment; Alternative Arabic, الكيشون al-Qisun) is a river in Israel that flows into the Mediterranean Sea near the city of Haifa.	Kishon River	Israel
country	Batalden Chapel (Norwegian: Batalden bedehuskapell) is a chapel in Flora Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Batalden Chapel	Norway
country	Asni (Arabic: أسني‎) is a small town in the foothills of the High Atlas mountains near Marrakech, Morocco.	Asni	Morocco
country	Kithulgoda is village which is situated in Kalutara District of Sri Lanka.	Kithulgoda	Sri Lanka
country	The Fajr International Film Festival (Persian: جشنواره بین المللی فیلم فجر‎‎) and Fajr Film Festival (Persian: جشنواره فیلم فجر‎‎) are Iran's annual film festivals, held every February and April in Tehran, Iran.	Fajr International Film Festival	Iran
country	Alta Church (Norwegian: Alta kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Alta Church	Norway
country	The Jewish Museum of Thessaloniki (Greek: Εβραϊκό Μουσείο Θεσσαλονίκης) (Judaeo-Spanish or Ladino: Museo Djidio De Salonik) is a museum in Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece presenting the history of Sephardic Jews and Jewish life in Thessaloniki.	Jewish Museum of Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Kursztyn (ˈkurʂtɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kursztyn	Poland
country	The Kloof mine is a large mine located in the northern part of South Africa in Gauteng.	Kloof mine	South Africa
country	MCB Tower situated in Karachi, Pakistan is the headquarters of MCB Bank Limited.	MCB Tower	Pakistan
country	Nasmah is a settlement in the former Mizda district of Libya.	Nasmah	Libya
country	The Bishop of North Queensland, exercises episcopal leadership over the Diocese of North Queensland of the Anglican Church of Australia.	Bishop of North Queensland	Australia
country	Luçon (pronounced: (lysɔ̃)) is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.	Luçon	France
country	Kowalowo (kɔvaˈlɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kowalowo	Poland
country	Nurdağı is a district and city of Gaziantep Province of Turkey.	Nurdağı	Turkey
country	Villiers-sur-Orge is a commune in the arrondissement of Palaiseau, in the Essonne department, in the Île-de-France region.	Villiers-sur-Orge	France
country	Bélmez de la Moraleda, or simply Bélmez, is a city located in the province of Jaén, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Bélmez de la Moraleda	Spain
country	Air Comet (formerly Air Plus Comet) was an airline based in Madrid, Spain.	Air Comet	Spain
country	Veliki Berehi or Velyki Berehy (Ukrainian: Великі Береги, Hungarian: Vári or Mezővári) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Velyki Berehy	Ukraine
country	The Bombers Affair (Luxembourgish:Affär Bommeleeër) is the name given to a series of bomb attacks on Infrastructure installations and public buildings in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg between May 1984 and April 1986.	Bombers Affair	Luxembourg
country	Snarøya is a populated peninsula in the inner Oslofjord in Norway.	Snarøya	Norway
country	Cieszkowice (t͡ɕɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Cieszkowice	Poland
country	Badengan-e Sofla (Persian: بادنگان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bādengān-e Soflá; also known as Bādangūn-e Pā’īn, Bādengān-e Pā’īn, and Bādengūn Soflá) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Badengan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Acheral is a settlement in Tucumán Province in the Monteros Department in northern Argentina in proximity to the Pre-Cordilleras of the Andes.	Acheral	Argentina
country	The Palace of the Holy Office (Italian: Palazzo del Sant'Uffizio) is a building in Rome which is an extraterritorial property of Vatican City.	Palace of the Holy Office	Vatican City
country	The Goulais River (Pronounced: goo-lee) is a river in northern Ontario which rises in the Algoma highlands and empties into Goulais Bay on eastern Lake Superior near Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.	Goulais River	Canada
country	Teatro da Cornucópia is a theatre company in Portugal founded in 1973 by Jorge Silva Melo and Luís Miguel Cintra with the staging of the play The Misanthrope by Molière.	Teatro da Cornucópia	Portugal
country	Brabrand Lake (Danish: Brabrand-søen or Brabrand Sø) is a lake in the district of Brabrand (Gellerup), west of Aarhus city, Denmark.	Brabrand Lake	Denmark
country	In the United Kingdom, the National Shipyards were proposed, and partially completed, by the coalition government led by David Lloyd George during the First World War.	National Shipyard	United Kingdom
country	Aguada Guzmán is a village and municipality in the El Cuy Department in Río Negro Province in the northern Patagonian section of Argentina.	Aguada Guzmán	Argentina
country	Wyszonki-Włosty (vɨˈʂɔŋki ˈvwɔstɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wyszonki-Włosty	Poland
country	Rawa Mazowiecka (ˈrava mazɔˈvʲɛt͡ska) is a town in central Poland, with 17,765 inhabitants (2004).	Rawa Mazowiecka	Poland
country	Battenberg (Eder) is a small town in the Waldeck-Frankenberg state of Hesse, Germany.	Battenberg (Eder)	Germany
country	Venlo (Dutch: (ˈvɛnloː)) is a municipality and a city in the southeastern Netherlands, near the German border.	Venlo	Netherlands
country	Benkovac (pronounced (běːnkovat͡s)) is a town and municipality in the interior of Zadar County, Croatia.	Benkovac	Croatia
country	Trident, Chennai is a five-star hotel located on GST Road at Meenambakkam, Chennai, India, directly across GST Road from the Chennai International Airport, about 20 minutes from the Chennai city centre.	Trident, Chennai	India
country	The church of Santa Maria Maggiore della Pietrasanta is a religious edifice in central Naples, Italy on Via Tribunali.	Santa Maria Maggiore della Pietrasanta	Italy
country	Max Stern Academic College of Emek Yezreel (המכללה האקדמית עמק יזרעאל) is a college located in the Jezreel Valley (Galilee region) of Israel, between the cities Afula and Nazareth, and next to Kfar Gid'on, Tel Adashim and Mizra.	Max Stern Academic College of Emek Yezreel	Israel
country	This settlement was initially called Port-de-France and was renamed Nouméa in 1866.	Nouméa	France
country	Drešinja Vas (Slovene: Drešinja vas) is a settlement in the Municipality of Žalec in east-central Slovenia.	Drešinja Vas	Slovenia
country	La Caletta is a small town, a harbour and a tourist destination in Sardinia, Italy.	La Caletta	Italy
country	The Arashan River (Kyrgyz: Арашан) is a river in the Ak-Suu District, Issyk Kul Region, northeastern Kyrgyzstan.	Arashan River	Kyrgyzstan
country	Cooties Reef is a narrow islet, with an area of 0.15 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Cooties Reef	Australia
country	Shivehju (Persian: شيوه جو‎, also Romanized as Shīvehjū) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shivehju	Iran
country	The 2005 European Race Walking Cup was held in Miskolc, Hungary, on May 21, 2005.	2005 European Race Walking Cup	Hungary
country	Belene (Bulgarian: Белене) is a town in Pleven Province, Northern Bulgaria.	Belene	Bulgaria
country	The Korps landelijke politiediensten (KLPD; National Police Services Agency) is the national police force in the Netherlands, responsible for specialist missions that benefit from a centralized approach.	Korps landelijke politiediensten	Netherlands
country	The Jandakot Mound, or Jandakot Groundwater Mound, is an unconfined aquifer in south-western Western Australia.	Jandakot Mound	Australia
country	Mouila is the capital of the Ngounié region of Gabon.	Mouila	Gabon
country	Askersund is a locality and the seat of Askersund Municipality, Örebro County, Sweden with a population census of 3,887 inhabitants in 2010.	Askersund	Sweden
country	Santa Cruz High School or Liceo Santa Cruz is a Chilean public high school located in Santa Cruz, Chile.	Liceo Santa Cruz	Chile
country	Mestre (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmɛstre)) is the center and the most populated urban area of the mainland of Venice, part of the territory of the Metropolitan City of Venice, in Veneto, northern Italy.	Mestre	Italy
country	San Rafael Pie de la Cuesta (Spanish pronunciation: (san rafaˈel pje ðe la ˈkwesta)) is a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala.	San Rafael Pie de la Cuesta	Guatemala
country	Mount Ball is a mountain located on the Continental Divide, on the borders of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada.	Mount Ball	Canada
country	The University of Milan or UNIMI (Italian: Università degli Studi di Milano) is a higher education institution in Milan, Italy.	University of Milan	Italy
country	The Lesko Stone (Polish: Kamień Leski) is a distinctive rock formation in the forest near the city of Lesko in the Bieszczady Mountains in Poland.	Lesko Stone	Poland
country	Ciuślice (t͡ɕuˈɕlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ciuślice	Poland
country	Mowtowr-e Beyt Allahi (Persian: بمپور بيت الهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Beyt Allahī) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Beyt Allahi	Iran
country	Głuponie (ɡwuˈpɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Głuponie	Poland
country	Śmidzięcino (ɕmid͡ʑenˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Schmidtenthin) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Śmidzięcino	Poland
country	Sar Seyf (Persian: سرسيف‎) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sar Seyf	Iran
country	Isla Contadora (or Contadora Island in English) is a Panamanian island on the Pearl Islands archipelago (Spanish: Archipielago de las Perlas) in the Gulf of Panama.	Contadora Island	Panama
country	Stary Żylin (ˈstarɨ ˈʐɨlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Żylin	Poland
country	Shahidi Hassas District (also called Caher Cineh - pronounced char chineh) is a district of Oruzgan Province, Afghanistan.	Shahidi Hassas District	Afghanistan
country	Niewierszyn (ɲɛˈvjɛrʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niewierszyn	Poland
country	Balatonkenese is a little town in Veszprém county, Hungary, by the Lake Balaton.	Balatonkenese	Hungary
country	Allah Kandi (Persian: الله كندي‎, also Romanized as Allāh Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Allah Kandi	Iran
country	The Central University of South Bihar (CUSB) is one of the sixteen newly established Central Universities by the Government of India under the Central Universities Act, 2009 (Section 25 of 2009).	Central University of South Bihar	India
country	Chenar Rudkhan (Persian: چناررودخان‎, also Romanized as Chenār Rūdkhān; also known as Chenār, Chēnar, and Chinar) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chenar Rudkhan	Iran
country	Instituto Escuela del Sur S.C. (IE) is a private middle school and high school (preparatoria) in Tlalpan, Mexico City.	Instituto Escuela del Sur	Mexico
country	The Canche estuary was the first site in northern France where a conservation victory, in respect of the coast, was first achieved, in 1976.	Canche	France
country	Allahabad Airport or Bamrauli Airport (IATA: IXD, ICAO: VIAL) is located at Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Allahabad Airport	India
country	Agioi Pantes (Greek: Άγιοι Πάντες) is a settlement on the island of Zakynthos, Greece.	Agioi Pantes	Greece
country	Martin Luther's Death House (German: Martin Luthers Sterbehaus) is the historic building in Eisleben, Germany, where it was incorrectly thought that Martin Luther died on 18 February 1546.	Martin Luther's Death House	Germany
country	Qaleh-ye Bashi (Persian: قلعه باشي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Bāshī and Qal``eh Bāshī) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 15 families.	Qaleh-ye Bashi	Iran
country	Mevang is a town in the Abanga-Bigne Department of Moyen-Ogooué Province, in northwestern Gabon.	Mevang	Gabon
country	Tovariševo (Serbian Cyrillic: Товаришево) is a village in Serbia, in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.	Tovariševo	Serbia
country	Teslin Lake is a large lake spanning the border between British Columbia and Yukon, Canada.	Teslin Lake	Canada
country	Guelmim (Arabic: كلميم‎, also spelled Glaimim, Goulimine or Guelmin; in Shilha, it is called Agʷlmim), is a city in southern Morocco, often called Gateway to the Desert (la porte du désert).	Guelmim	Morocco
country	Královo Pole indoor arena was an indoor sporting arena located in Brno, Czech Republic.	Královo Pole indoor arena	Czech Republic
country	Kota Kinabalu (Malaysian pronunciation: (ˈkota kinaˈbalu), Jawi: کوتا کينا بالو‎, Chinese: 亚庇; pinyin: Yàbì), formerly known as Jesselton, is the capital of the state of Sabah, Malaysia.	Kota Kinabalu	Malaysia
country	Munyati (formerly Umniati) is a small town in Midlands province in Zimbabwe.	Munyati	Zimbabwe
country	Fogars de la Selva is a municipality in the comarca of the Selva in Catalonia, Spain.	Fogars de la Selva	Spain
country	West Melton Aerodrome (IATA: WML, ICAO: NZWL) is a small airport located in West Melton, Canterbury, New Zealand.	West Melton Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	The Province of Padua (Provincia di Padova) is a province in the Veneto region of Italy.	Province of Padua	Italy
country	Sejenice (pronounced (sɛjɛˈniːtsɛ)) is a small roadside settlement east of Čatež in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Sejenice	Slovenia
country	Violet Town is a town in northeastern Victoria, Australia.	Violet Town	Australia
country	Cham-e Zin (Persian: چمزين‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Zīn and Chamzīn) is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Cham-e Zin	Iran
country	Ankaratra is an extinct/dormant volcano range located about 50 kilometers southwest of Antananarivo, the capital city of Madagascar.	Ankaratra	Madagascar
country	Sierra de Aracena is the westernmost mountain range of the Sierra Morena, Andalusia, Spain.	Sierra de Aracena	Spain
country	Vlaška planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Влашка планина) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia, near the town of Dimitrovgrad.	Vlaška planina	Serbia
country	The General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador (known as the General Assembly of Newfoundland until 6 December 2001) is the legislature of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador	Canada
country	Korsnes Church (Norwegian: Korsnes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county, Norway.	Korsnes Church	Norway
country	Kearsney College is a private boarding school for boys in Botha's Hill, a small town between the provincial capital of Pietermaritzburg and Durban, in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.	Kearsney College	South Africa
country	Captain Aníbal Arab Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Capitán Aníbal Arab) (IATA: CIJ, ICAO: SLCO) is an airport serving Cobija, a city in the Pando department of Bolivia.	Captain Aníbal Arab Airport	Bolivia
country	Sant'Orso, or Saint-Ours, is a collegiate church in Aosta, northern Italy, dedicated to Saint Ursus of Aosta.	Sant'Orso	Italy
country	Bornhagen is a municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, Germany, located at the foot of the ruins of Hanstein Castle.	Bornhagen	Germany
country	Pełczyce (pɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Bernstein; Kashubian: Bersztén) is a town in Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,669 inhabitants (2004).	Pełczyce	Poland
country	Arzen region (Medieval Armenia, today's Eastern Turkey) was conquered partially by the emir of Mardastan in 868, and was occupied by Shaybanid dynasty c. 897/898.	Arzen	Turkey
country	Tiilikkajärvi National Park (Finnish: Tiilikkajärven kansallispuisto) is a national park in the Northern Savonia and Kainuu regions of Finland.	Tiilikkajärvi National Park	Finland
country	Tuamarina (often spelled Tua Marina) is a locality in Marlborough, New Zealand.	Tuamarina	New Zealand
country	Nana Machiyala is a small village located about 7 kilometers away from the city of Amreli in the state of Gujarat in India.	Nana Machiyala	India
country	Kilinia (Greek: Kοιλίνια) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 2 km east of Statos.	Kilinia	Cyprus
country	Melhus Church (Norwegian: Melhus kirke), also known as ``the Gauldal Cathedral'', is a large stone Protestant church in Melhus, Norway.	Melhus Church	Norway
country	Verdalsøra Chapel (Norwegian: Verdalsøra kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Verdalsøra Chapel	Norway
country	One Raffles Link (Chinese: 莱佛士连道一号) is an office building located at Marina Centre, Singapore.	One Raffles Link	Singapore
country	The Krodo Altar (German: Krodoaltar) in Goslar, Germany, is an altar made entirely of bronze and is the only surviving metal church altar from the Romanesque period.	Krodo Altar	Germany
country	The Speos Artemidos (Grotto of Artemis) is an archaeological site in Egypt.	Speos Artemidos	Egypt
country	Elkosh (Hebrew: אֶלְקוֹשׁ) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Elkosh	Israel
country	The Bormina is an indigenous breed of domestic goat from the Valtellina, in the northern part of the province of Sondrio, in Lombardy in northern Italy.	Bormina	Italy
country	Francisco Carle Airport (IATA: JAU, ICAO: SPJJ) is a small regional airport serving Jauja, Peru and other surrounding cities as Huancayo or Tarma.	Francisco Carle Airport	Peru
country	Vosketas (Armenian: Ոսկեթաս; until 1935, Kuldarvish and Ghuldervish) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Vosketas	Armenia
country	Kilimanjaro National Park is a Tanzanian national park, located 300 kilometres (190 mi) south of the equator and in Kilimanjaro Region, Tanzania.	Kilimanjaro National Park	Tanzania
country	Castello di Godego is a town and comune with 6.329 inhabitants in the province of Treviso, Italy, Veneto region.	Castello di Godego	Italy
country	The Waituna Lagoon is on the southern coastline of the South Island of New Zealand.	Waituna Lagoon	New Zealand
country	Elbiku (Swedish: Ölbäck) is a village in Noarootsi Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.	Elbiku	Estonia
country	Hannoki Falls, in Toyama Prefecture, Japan, is the tallest waterfall in Japan at a height of 497 m (1,640 feet).	Hannoki Falls	Japan
country	Konary Castle or Knight's Castle Kunern is a castle in the village Konary (German: Kunern), Lower Silesia, Poland, located 55 km south of the city of Wrocław.	Konary Castle	Poland
country	Daang Hari Road also known as the Las Piñas-Muntinlupa-Cavite Road or LAMUCAR, is a major arterial thoroughfare that links southern Metro Manila with the province of Cavite in the Philippines.	Daang Hari Road	Philippines
country	Heydarabad-e Marali (Persian: حيدرآباد مرالي‎, also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Marālī) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Heydarabad-e Marali	Iran
country	The Gimpo Bridge is a bridge in over the Han River, South Korea, and connects the cities of Gimpo and Goyang.	Gimpo Bridge	South Korea
country	Padmalaya is among the two and a half 'Shree Ganapati Peeth' in India, this place is regarded as the half Peeth.	Padmalaya	India
country	Stařeč (German Startsch) is a small town (městys) in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Stařeč	Czech Republic
country	General Heliodoro Castillo is one of the 81 municipalities of Guerrero, in south-western Mexico, located 34 kilometres from Chilpancingo.	General Heliodoro Castillo	Mexico
country	The Jardin des Plantes du Mans (8 hectares), also known as the Jardin d'Horticulture du Mans, is a botanical garden located at 4 Rue de Sinault, Le Mans, Sarthe, Pays de la Loire, France.	Jardin des Plantes du Mans	France
country	Brión (Galician: (bɾiˈoŋ)) is a municipality in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain.	Brión	Spain
country	Bario Airport (IATA: BBN, ICAO: WBGZ) is an airport in Bario, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.	Bario Airport	Malaysia
country	Ab Geru (Persian: اب گرو‎, also Romanized as Āb Gerū) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Geru	Iran
country	Shimshit (Hebrew: שִׁמְשִׁית) is a secular communal settlement in northern Israel.	Shimshit	Israel
country	Wólka Karwicka (ˈvulka karˈvit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka Karwicka	Poland
country	Sola Air Station (IATA: SVG, ICAO: ENZV) (Norwegian: Sola flystasjon) in Sola municipality in Norway is operated by the Royal Norwegian Air Force.	Sola Air Station	Norway
country	The Vakil Mosque (Persian: مسجد وکیل ‎‎ - Masjed-e Vakil) is a mosque in Shiraz, southern Iran, situated to the west of the Vakil Bazaar next to its entrance.	Vakil Mosque	Iran
country	Tilin Township or Htilin Township (Burmese: ထီးလင်းမြို့နယ်, Burmese pronunciation: (tʰílɪ́ɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township of Gangaw District in the Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar).	Tilin Township	Myanmar
country	Gliwice (ɡlʲiˈvʲit͡sɛ) (German: Gleiwitz) is a city in Upper Silesia, southern Poland, near Katowice.	Gliwice	Poland
country	Sofia Albertina Church (Swedish: Sofia Albertina kyrka) is the second and current church in Landskrona, Scania, Sweden.	Sofia Albertina Church	Sweden
country	A Nosa Terra (in English: Our Land) was a Galician newspaper first founded in 1907 in A Coruña, Spain.	A Nosa Terra	Spain
country	Derajat (Punjabi, Urdu: ڈیرہ جاٹ), the Arabic plural for the word 'dera', is a cultural region of central Pakistan, located in the region where the provinces of Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab meet.	Derajat	Pakistan
country	The Săvăstreni River, also known as Recea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.	Săvăstreni River	Romania
country	Zazalı (also, Zazaly) is a village and municipality in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zazalı	Azerbaijan
country	Stocksund is an upper class suburb in Metropolitan Stockholm, Sweden.	Stocksund	Sweden
country	Alqur (Persian: القور‎, also Romanized as Alqūr and Alghūr) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Alqur	Iran
country	Çobansığnaq (also, Chobansygnakh) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çobansığnaq	Azerbaijan
country	The Capilano Courier is the student newspaper at Capilano University, a public University located in the District of North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	The Capilano Courier	Canada
country	Gelephu (Dzongkha: དགེ་ལེགས་ཕུ་; Wylie: dge-legs-phu; also known as Gelyephug) (IATA: GLU) is a town in Sarpang District in Bhutan.	Gelephu	Bhutan
country	Payun Matru is a shield volcano in Argentina, located in the Reserva Provincial La Payunia of the Malargüe Department, to the south of the Mendoza Province.	Payun Matru	Argentina
country	Immigration Law Practitioners Association is a United Kingdom professional association of lawyers and academics practising in or concerned about immigration, asylum and nationality law.	Immigration Law Practitioners Association	United Kingdom
country	Aman Gal Tappeh (Persian: امان گل تپه‎, also Romanized as Amān Gal Tappeh; also known as Amān Galū Tappeh) is a village in Aqabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aman Gal Tappeh	Iran
country	Shahrak-e Emam Sadeq (Persian: شهرك امام صادق‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Şādeq) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Emam Sadeq	Iran
country	Pirok is a village in the northwest of the Republic of Macedonia.	Pirok	Macedonia
country	Lake Sukhodolskoye (Russian: Суходольское озеро; Finnish: Suvanto) is a narrow 40 km long lake on the Karelian Isthmus located in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Lake Sukhodolskoye	Russia
country	The Gundremmingen Nuclear Power Plant is the highest-output nuclear power station in Germany, producing 2 × 1344 megawatts.	Gundremmingen Nuclear Power Plant	Germany
country	The Ebu Beker Mosque (Albanian: Xhamia Ebu Beker) is a mosque in Shkodër, in northwestern Albania.	Ebu Beker Mosque	Albania
country	Žiben (pronounced (ˈʒiːbən); sometimes Žibenj, German: Oberstein) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Žiben	Slovenia
country	Morauta House is an office complex in Waigani, Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.	Morauta House	Papua New Guinea
country	The Central Business District, commonly called Johannesburg CBD, is one of the main business centres of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Johannesburg CBD	South Africa
country	The Pellaifa Lake (Spanish: Lago Pellaifa) is one of the ``Seven Lakes'' in Panguipulli municipality, southern Chile.	Pellaifa Lake	Chile
country	GRG Matriculation Higher Secondary School (GRG MHSS) is a high school in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	GRG Matriculation Higher Secondary School	India
country	Hindmotor is a small town of Hooghly District, West Bengal, India, situated on the western bank of the river Ganges.	Hindmotor	India
country	Meting(Urdu: میٹنگ ‎) is small town in Sindh province of Pakistan.	Meting	Pakistan
country	Tanjung Sepat is a town in Kuala Langat district in Selangor, Malaysia.	Tanjung Sepat	Malaysia
country	Vishgard (Persian: ویشگرد‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Vishgard	Tajikistan
country	Tazehkand-e Ziaabad (Persian: تازه كندضيااباد‎, also Romanized as Tāzehkand-e Ẕīāābād; also known as Tāzehkand) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Tazehkand-e Ziaabad	Iran
country	Halgodari-ye Ashraf (Persian: هلگدارئ اشرف‎, also Romanized as Halgodāri Āshraf; also known as Khalaqdāri-ye Āshraf) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Halgodari-ye Ashraf	Iran
country	Desenzano del Garda-Sirmione railway station (Italian: Stazione di Desenzano del Garda-Sirmione) serves the town and comune of Desenzano del Garda, in the region of Lombardy, northern Italy.	Desenzano del Garda-Sirmione railway station	Italy
country	Point Perpendicular is a point at the southern tip of the Beecroft Peninsula and at the northern entry to Jervis Bay, in New South Wales, Australia.	Point Perpendicular	Australia
country	Frères des Hommes France (FdH) -Brothers of Men in English- is a secular non-profit aid organization.	Frères des Hommes	France
country	Kerdil (Persian: كرديل‎, also Romanized as Kerdīl and Kardīl) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kerdil	Iran
country	Munnekezijl (West Frisian: Muntsjesyl) (Low Saxon: Muntjesiel) is the easternmost village in Kollumerland en Nieuwkruisland, Friesland, the Netherlands.	Munnekezijl	Netherlands
country	Harasiuki (xaraˈɕukʲi) (Ukrainian: Гарасюки, Harasiuky) is a village in Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Harasiuki	Poland
country	Safiar Khan (Persian: صفيارخان‎, also Romanized as Şafīār Khān and Şafīyār Khān) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Safiar Khan	Iran
country	Ribera Baja del Ebro is a comarca in eastern Aragon, Spain.	Ribera Baja del Ebro	Spain
country	Gruiten is a historical village in North-Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Gruiten	Germany
country	Paka pri Predgradu (pronounced (ˈpaːka pɾi ˈpɾeːdɡɾadu)) is a small settlement northwest of Stari Trg ob Kolpi in southern Slovenia.	Paka pri Predgradu	Slovenia
country	Sir Joseph Banks Group Conservation Park is a protected area located on the Sir Joseph Banks Group in Spencer Gulf in South Australia about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east-northeast of Port Lincoln.	Sir Joseph Banks Group Conservation Park	Australia
country	Antsiranana Bay (also known as Diego-Suarez Bay), the large natural bay along the northeast coast of Madagascar, is considered one of the finest natural harbors in the world.	Antsiranana Bay	Madagascar
country	The White Highlands is an area in the central uplands of Kenya, so-called because, during the period of British Colonialism, European or white immigrants settled there in considerable numbers.	White Highlands	Kenya
country	Lac de Saint-Amans is an artificial lake in Le Truel, Aveyron, France close to Villefranche-de-Panat, and 500m above the Tarn river.	Lac de Saint-Amans	France
country	Şəftəhal (also, Shaftakhal) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şəftəhal	Azerbaijan
country	Ramkhamhaeng University (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยรามคำแหง) is one of two open universities in Thailand.	Ramkhamhaeng University	Thailand
country	's-Heer Arendskerke is a small village of approximately 1300 inhabitants in the municipality of Goes in the south-western Netherlands.	's-Heer Arendskerke	Netherlands
country	The Maroubra Surf Life Saving Club is one of Australia's oldest Surf Life Saving Clubs, founded in 1906.	Maroubra Surf Life Saving Club	Australia
country	Club's first headquarters was in the bar ``La Mezquita'' of Buenos Aires, and after two years of being founded Deportivo Español had about 2,000 members, mostly of them were Spanish descendant living in Argentina.	Deportivo Español	Argentina
country	Bydgoszcz Ignacy Jan Paderewski Airport (IATA: BZG, ICAO: EPBY) (Polish: Port lotniczy im. Ignacego Jana Paderewskiego Bydgoszcz-Szwederowo) is a Polish regional airport in the city of Bydgoszcz, Poland.	Bydgoszcz Ignacy Jan Paderewski Airport	Poland
country	Hwaseo Station is a ground-level metro station on line 1 of the Seoul Subway in north-west Suwon, South Korea.	Hwaseo Station	South Korea
country	The Manitoba New Democratic Party (NDP) is a social-democratic political party in Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba New Democratic Party	Canada
country	Effutu is a village in Effutu Municipal District in the Central Region of Ghana.	Effutu	Ghana
country	Zagrebtower is a building in Zagreb, Croatia, located in the neighborhood of Kanal, on the Radnička Road.	Zagrebtower	Croatia
country	Nookat (Kyrgyz: Ноокат), also Eski-Nookat, Iski-Naukat or Naukat, is a city in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Nookat	Kyrgyzstan
country	The New Majestic Hotel, on Bukit Pasoh Road in Singapore's Chinatown is a hotel built in 1928.	New Majestic Hotel	Singapore
country	Zigui County (simplified Chinese: 秭归县; traditional Chinese: 秭歸縣; pinyin: Zǐguī Xiàn) is a county of western Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Zigui County	People's Republic of China
country	Širijevići (Serbian: Ширијевићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Širijevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hemsjö Church (Swedish: Hemsjö kyrka) is a church in Hemsjö, Alingsås, Västergötland, Sweden.	Hemsjö Church	Sweden
country	The Christ the Lord of Harvest Academy, Inc. or ``CLHA, Inc.'' is a private Christian institution of learning in San Mateo, Rizal, Philippines particularly in Silangan.	Christ the Lord of Harvest Academy	Philippines
country	Skeleton at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Sliding Center Sanki near Krasnaya Polyana, Russia.	Skeleton at the 2014 Winter Olympics	Russia
country	Darvish Baqqal (Persian: درويش بقال‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Baqqāl; also known as Darvish Baghghal and Dashpakal) is a village in Sis Rural District, in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Darvish Baqqal	Iran
country	The Wedderborg (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌʋɛdərˈbɔrɣ); Borough of Wedde) is a borg, a type of castle in Groningen, in the village of Wedde in the Netherlands.	Wedderborg	Netherlands
country	Polhøgda is a property between Lysaker and Fornebu in Bærum, Norway.	Polhøgda	Norway
country	Cheranallur or Cheranellore or Cheranelloor is a northern suburb of Cochin city in the state of Kerala, India and lies on the banks of the Periyar River.	Cheranallur	India
country	Dunguaire Castle (Irish: Dún Guaire) is a 16th-century tower house on the southeastern shore of Galway Bay in County Galway, Ireland, near Kinvarra (also spelled Kinvara).	Dunguaire Castle	Ireland
country	All ANZAC Day Cup matches have been played in Sydney, specifically the Sydney Football Stadium except the 2008 edition, which was played at Stadium Australia.	ANZAC Day Cup	Australia
country	Osby is a locality and the seat of Osby Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 7,157 inhabitants in 2010.	Osby	Sweden
country	Negombo Divisional Secretariat is a Divisional Secretariat of Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Negombo Divisional Secretariat	Sri Lanka
country	Mtsensk (Russian: Мценск) is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia, located on the Zusha River (Oka's tributary) 49 kilometers (30 mi) northeast of Oryol, the administrative center of the oblast.	Mtsensk	Russia
country	Aynalıkavak Palace (Turkish: Aynalıkavak Kasrı) is a former Ottoman palace located in the Hasköy neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Aynalıkavak Palace	Turkey
country	Bukjeju County (Bukjeju-gun; ``North Jeju County'') was a county in Jeju Province, South Korea until July 1, 2006, when it was merged with Jeju City.	Bukjeju County	South Korea
country	Háskólatorg is one of the buildings that make up the Reykjavík campus of the University of Iceland.	Háskólatorg	Iceland
country	Munjuluru is a village in Bantumilli mandal strategically located in the state of Andhra Pradesh of India.	Munjuluru	India
country	Greatford railway station was a station with a crossing loop on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand, south of Marton.	Greatford railway station	New Zealand
country	Kemyan (Persian: كميان‎, also Romanized as Kemyān) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kemyan	Iran
country	Kamiandougou is a rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of Mali.	Kamiandougou	Mali
country	Unley High School, located in Netherby, is one of the largest public high schools in South Australia.	Unley High School	Australia
country	Halsafjord or Halsafjorden is a fjord located between Halsa Municipality and Tingvoll Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Halsafjord	Norway
country	Enciastraia (French: Tête de l'Enchastraye) is a mountain in the Maritime Alps, on the boundary between the province of Cuneo (Piedmont, northern Italy) and the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur.	Enciastraia	Italy
country	Efratana Gidim (``Efrata and Gedem'') is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Efratana Gidim	Ethiopia
country	It was born out of a franchise agreement between Briscoe Group and Rebel Sport Australia in 1995.	Rebel Sport	Australia
country	Abbotsleigh is an independent, Anglican, day and boarding school for girls, located in Wahroonga, on the Upper North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Abbotsleigh	Australia
country	Dieburg is a small town in southern Hessen, Germany.	Dieburg	Germany
country	Chamizo is a village in the Florida Department of central Uruguay.	Chamizo	Uruguay
country	The Al Rahman Islamic Center is a storefront mosque in Mississauga, Canada, a city of 734,000 west of Toronto, Canada.	Al Rahman Islamic Center	Canada
country	Newcastle City Library (also known as the Charles Avison Building) is a library in the city centre of Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom.	Newcastle City Library	United Kingdom
country	Koedange (Luxembourgish: Kéideng) is a section of the Luxembourgish commune of Fischbach located in Luxembourg District and Mersch canton.	Koedange	Luxembourg
country	Nok Kundi (``the blunt point''), is a township and region in western Pakistan in the province of Balochistan.	Nok Kundi	Pakistan
country	2008 S.League is the 13th season of Singapore's professional football league.	2008 S.League	Singapore
country	Buyoga is a town and sector in the Rulindo district of Northern Province, Rwanda.	Buyoga	Rwanda
country	Wołczkowo (vɔu̯t͡ʂˈkɔvɔ) (German: Völschendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Wołczkowo	Poland
country	Lake Volgo (Russian: Озеро Волго) is a lake in Ostashkovsky, Penovsky, and Selizharovsky Districts of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Lake Volgo	Russia
country	Nebra (official name: Nebra (Unstrut)) is a town in the district of Burgenlandkreis of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Nebra (Unstrut)	Germany
country	Nitzanim (Hebrew: נִצָּנִים, lit. Flower buds) is a kibbutz in southern Israel located between Ashkelon and Ashdod on the Nitzanim dunes.	Nitzanim	Israel
country	The Planet Nightclub was an important live music venue in Perth, Western Australia.	Planet Nightclub	Australia
country	Lac Sakami is a lake in the northwest of the province of Quebec in Canada.	Lac Sakami	Canada
country	Rodovia Professor Zeferino Vaz (official designation SP-332, also known as Rodovia Campinas-Paulínia or Tapetão) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Rodovia Professor Zeferino Vaz	Brazil
country	Via de' Tornabuoni, or Via Tornabuoni, is a street at the center of Florence, Italy, that goes from Antinori square to ponte Santa Trinità, across Santa Trinità square, characterized by the presence of fashion boutiques.	Via de' Tornabuoni	Italy
country	Pivnice (Serbian Cyrillic: Пивнице) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Pivnice	Serbia
country	Diedenshausen is a small village, since 1975 a constituent community of Bad Berleburg in Siegen-Wittgenstein district and Arnsberg region in North Rhine-Westphalia in the Federal Republic of Germany.	Diedenshausen	Germany
country	Plougras (Breton: Plougraz) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor département of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plougras	France
country	Rahama is a small town in the highlands of central Nigeria.	Rahama	Nigeria
country	Umm Salal Mohammed (Arabic: أم صلال محمد‎; also spelled Umm Salal Muhammad), is the seat of the municipality of Umm Salal in Qatar.	Umm Salal Mohammed	Qatar
country	Anandapur is a town and a municipality of Kendujhar district in the state of Odisha, India.	Anandapur	India
country	Gebzespor is a sports club located in Gebze, Kocaeli Province, Turkey.	Gebzespor	Turkey
country	Alamang (in Bugis language, sometimes Halamang or Lamang) or Sonri (in Makassarese language) is a sacred sword or cutlass of the Bugis and Makassarese people in Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Alamang	Indonesia
country	Mahavelona (commonly called Foulpointe), is a town in the district of Toamasina II, in the region of Atsinanana, on the northern part of the east coast of Madagascar.	Mahavelona	Madagascar
country	Kremenica (pronounced (kɾɛˈmeːnitsa)) is a settlement immediately southeast of Ig in central Slovenia.	Kremenica	Slovenia
country	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province (Persian: استان کهگیلویه و بویراحمد‎‎, Ostān-e Kohgīrūye-o Būyer-Ahmad ) is one of the thirty-one provinces of Iran.	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province	Iran
country	The Ulm School of Design (Hochschule für Gestaltung Ulm) was a college of design based in Ulm, Germany.	Ulm School of Design	Germany
country	Das verfluchte Jungfernloch (German, literally ``The damned maiden's hole'') is a small rock cave on the eastern slope of a hill overlooking the Kälbergrund Valley in Eisenach, Germany, roughly 500m south of the Wartburg.	Das verfluchte Jungfernloch	Germany
country	Biliavtsi (Ukrainian: Білявці) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Biliavtsi	Ukraine
country	The Somnath temple located in Prabhas Patan near Veraval in Saurashtra on the western coast of Gujarat, India, is the first among the twelve Jyotirlinga shrines of Shiva.	Somnath temple	India
country	The Sheikh Obaid bin Thani House is a historic building and former residence of Sheikh Obaid bin Thani, located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Sheikh Obaid bin Thani House	United Arab Emirates
country	Linnuraba Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in Estonia, in Rapla County.	Linnuraba Nature Reserve	Estonia
country	Uis is a settlement located in Erongo Region, Namibia.	Uis	Namibia
country	The Baptistère Saint-Jean (Baptistery of St. John) is a religious edifice in Poitiers, France.	Baptistère Saint-Jean	France
country	Sancharak District (Persian: سانچارک‎‎) or Sangcharak is a district of Sar-e Pol Province, Afghanistan.	Sancharak	Afghanistan
country	Elmley Castle is a village and civil parish in Worcestershire, in England, United Kingdom.	Elmley Castle	United Kingdom
country	Andhra Muslim College, founded in 1984, is located in Guntur City, India.	Andhra Muslim College	India
country	Aljunied is a sub-urban area located in the eastern part of the city-state of Singapore.	Aljunied	Singapore
country	Coode Island, was an island at the convergence of the Yarra and Maribyrnong Rivers, 4 km west of central Melbourne, Australia.	Coode Island	Australia
country	Gardna Wielka (ˈɡardna ˈvjɛlka) (Slovincian: Vjélgå Garnåu; Kashubian: Garnô or Wiôlgô Garnô; German: Groß Garde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gardna Wielka	Poland
country	Morad Tappeh (Persian: مرادتپه‎, also Romanized as Morād Tappeh and Murād Tepe) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Morad Tappeh	Iran
country	Nansensgade is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nansensgade	Denmark
country	Tzohar (Hebrew: צֹחַר) is a communal settlement and regional center in southern Israel.	Tzohar	Israel
country	Rashidabad Halt railway station (Urdu: راشد آباد ہالٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is a railway station in Sindh, Pakistan, on the Hyderabad-to-Mirpur Khas section of the Pakistan Railway.	Rashidabad Halt railway station	Pakistan
country	Monkman Falls is a waterfall on Monkman Creek in the Northern Rockies of British Columbia, Canada.	Monkman Falls	Canada
country	Przystajń (ˈpʂɨstai̯ɲ) is a village in Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przystajń	Poland
country	The Brunner Mine disaster happened at 9:30am on Thursday 26 March 1896, when an explosion deep in the Brunner Mine, in the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South island.	Brunner Mine disaster	New Zealand
country	Giami (Persian: گيامي‎, also Romanized as Gīāmī, Geyāmey, and Gīyāmī; also known as Kīāmey) is a village in Abravan Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Giami	Iran
country	Malangabang (variously Malangaban) is an island and barangay in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Malangabang	Philippines
country	St Bartholomew's Church, Burnley is the Anglican Parish Church of the small suburb of Burnley, historically considered part of Richmond, in inner-suburban Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	St Bartholomew's Church, Burnley	Australia
country	Hendeh Garan (Persian: هنده گران‎, also Romanized as Hendeh Garān; also known as Hendeh Karān) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hendeh Garan	Iran
country	Kuzhikandom is small village in the Idukki district of Kerala, India.	Kuzhikandom	India
country	The Haast River has its terminus on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Haast River	New Zealand
country	The Driva river runs through Sør-Trøndelag and Møre og Romsdal counties in Norway.	Driva	Norway
country	Verin Akhtala (Armenian: Վերին Ախթալա; also, Akhtala and Russified as Verkhnyaya Akhtala) was a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Verin Akhtala	Armenia
country	Woseriner See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Woseriner See	Germany
country	Mailand Upper Secondary School (Norwegian: Mailand videregående skole) is an upper secondary school in Lørenskog in Akershus, Norway.	Mailand Upper Secondary School	Norway
country	Dejang-e Bala (Persian: دجنگ بالا‎, also Romanized as Dejang-e Bālā) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dejang-e Bala	Iran
country	Mirosławiec Górny (mirɔˈswavjɛt͡s ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mirosławiec Górny	Poland
country	Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences is one of the three medical universities in Tehran, the capital of Iran.	Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	Cotnari (Romanian pronunciation: (kotˈnarʲ)) is a village and the center of the eponymous commune in Iaşi County, Romania, in the historical region of Moldavia.	Cotnari	Romania
country	Spantik or Golden Peak is a mountain in Spantik-Sosbun Mountains subrange of Karakoram in Nagar Valley, Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan.	Spantik	Pakistan
country	Kfar Gidon (Hebrew: כְּפַר גִּדְעוֹן, lit. Gideon Village) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Kfar Gidon	Israel
country	Champerico is a municipality in the Retalhuleu department in southwestern Guatemala.	Champerico	Guatemala
country	Burrell Boom is on the Belize River twenty miles above Belize City, Belize.	Burrell Boom	Belize
country	Tieret is a city in Tunisia, part of Tataouine Governorate, located at 31.03°N, 10.17°E, elevation : 1220 ft	Tieret	Tunisia
country	The Piatra Craiului Mountains are a mountain range in the Southern Carpathians in Romania.	Piatra Craiului Mountains	Romania
country	Wojkowice (vɔi̯kɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (German: Woikowize) is a small town in województwo śląskie, located in so-called Zagłębie Dąbrowskie in southern Poland, near Katowice.	Wojkowice	Poland
country	Pyrsogianni (Greek: Πυρσόγιαννη) is a village in the Ioannina regional unit, northern Greece.	Pyrsogianni	Greece
country	Puerto Lempira Airport (IATA: PEU, ICAO: MHPL) is an airport located at Puerto Lempira, Gracias a Dios, Honduras.	Puerto Lempira Airport	Honduras
country	Mazraeh-ye Kalikhani (Persian: مزرعه كلي خاني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kalīkhānī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kalikhani	Iran
country	Barreju (Persian: برجو‎, also Romanized as Barrejū; also known as Barreh Jū) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barreju	Iran
country	Donosy (dɔˈnɔsɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Donosy	Poland
country	Lebret is a village situated on Mission Lake in the Qu'Appelle Valley in North Qu'Appelle Rural Municipality No. 187, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Lebret	Canada
country	Poręba-Kocęby (pɔˈrɛmba kɔˈt͡sɛmbɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Poręba-Kocęby	Poland
country	Chak Ali Shah is a village approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of tehsil Pind Dadan Khan, Jhelum District, in the province of Punjab, Pakistan.	Chak Ali Shah	Pakistan
country	Brzeg Dolny (ˈbʐɛɡ ˈdɔlnɨ) (until 1945 German: Dyhernfurth) is a town in Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.	Brzeg Dolny	Poland
country	The McMaster Students Union (MSU), is the central undergraduate student government at McMaster University, in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	McMaster Students Union	Canada
country	The Fiesta de la Hispanidad or Hispanic-Latin American Festival is Australia's largest celebration of Spanish and Latin American culture, held in Jonhston Street, Fitzroy in Melbourne on the second last week of November.	Fiesta de la Hispanidad	Australia
country	Jinnah Naval Base is a strategic naval base of the Pakistan Navy located at Ormara, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Jinnah Naval Base	Pakistan
country	The Nindooinbah Dam is a decommissioned earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway located off-stream in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Nindooinbah Dam	Australia
country	Yanam district is one of the four districts of the Union Territory of Puducherry in India.	Yanam district	India
country	The Gießgraben is a river in Lower Austria, which originates at Hohenwarth and flows from North to South to the Danube into the Wagram, where the water seeps away.	Gießgraben	Austria
country	Maple Ridge-Mission is a newly formed provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada.	Maple Ridge-Mission	Canada
country	Akhteh Chi (Persian: اخته چي‎, also Romanized as Akhteh Chī and Akhtehchī) is a village in Talarpey Rural District, in the Central District of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Akhteh Chi	Iran
country	Bedriñana (variant: San Andrés de Bedriñana) is one of 41 parishes (administrative divisions) in Villaviciosa, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Bedriñana	Spain
country	Pali Aru is a river in Northern Province, Sri Lanka.	Pali Aru	Sri Lanka
country	Iwonie (iˈvɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Iwonie	Poland
country	German submarine U-449 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out one patrol.	German submarine U-449	Nazi Germany
country	Croppa Creek is a very small village and railway location in the Gwydir Shire, New South Wales, Australia.	Croppa Creek	Australia
country	Phisqa Tira (Aymara phisqa five, tira cradle, ``five cradles'', hispanicized spelling Piscatira) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Phisqa Tira	Peru
country	Almada Fórum is the third shopping center in Portugal and in the Iberian Peninsula.	Almada Fórum	Portugal
country	Hamidgu (Persian: حميدگو‎, also Romanized as Ḩamīdgū) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hamidgu	Iran
country	Sébrazac is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southern France.	Sébrazac	France
country	Məşədiqaralar is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məşədiqaralar	Azerbaijan
country	It is the principal town and seat of Køge Municipality, Region Sjælland, Denmark.	Køge	Denmark
country	The Citronen mine is one of the largest potential lead and zinc mines in Greenland.	Citronen mine	Greenland
country	Barguzin Range (Russian: Баргузинский хребет) is a range in Buryatia, Russia along the North-Eastern shore of Baikal.	Barguzin Range	Russia
country	Kulij (Persian: كوليج‎, also Romanized as Kūlīj; also known as Kolīj) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kulij	Iran
country	Rapla County (Estonian: Rapla maakond), or Raplamaa, is one of 15 counties of Estonia.	Rapla County	Estonia
country	Agrabad Mohila College is a private women's degree college in Double Mooring Thana, Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Agrabad Mohila College	Bangladesh
country	Górki Pęcławskie (ˈɡurki pɛnt͡sˈwafskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Górki Pęcławskie	Poland
country	Bjeljajci (Serbian: Бјељајци) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bjeljajci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mac-Talla (The Echo) was a Scottish Gaelic bi-weekly periodical published by Jonathon MacKinnon (1869--1944) out of Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Mac-Talla	Canada
country	The Great Dąbrowa (Polish: Jezioro Dąbrowa Wielka, German: Groß Damerau See) is a lake in Poland near the gmina Dąbrówno.	Great Dąbrowa	Poland
country	Pises Observatory is an astronomical observatory at the Parc National des Cévennes in France.	Pises Observatory	France
country	Kaghlu Guzlu (Persian: كاغلوگوزلو‎, also Romanized as Kāghlū Gūzlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kaghlu Guzlu	Iran
country	Telegraph Creek Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAH9), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) west southwest of Telegraph Creek, British Columbia, Canada.	Telegraph Creek Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	St. George's College, Agra is one of the oldest convent school in India.	St. George's College, Agra	India
country	Johan Pienaar Airport (IATA: KMH, ICAO: FAKU) is an airport serving Kuruman, a town in Northern Cape province, South Africa.	Johan Pienaar Airport	South Africa
country	Born in Bradford is a large birth cohort study based at Bradford Royal Infirmary, a hospital in the city of Bradford, West Yorkshire in the United Kingdom.	Born in Bradford	United Kingdom
country	The Yusufeli Dam is an arch dam under construction on the Çoruh River near Yusufeli in Artvin Province within the eastern Black Sea region of Turkey.	Yusufeli Dam	Turkey
country	The Hogon-ji Temple is located on the sacred Chikubu Island in Shiga Prefecture, Japan.	Hogon-ji Temple	Japan
country	Bikku Bitti, also known as Bette Peak, is the highest mountain in Libya at 2,266 metres (7,434 ft).	Bikku Bitti	Libya
country	The Berens Islands are an island group located inside western Coronation Gulf in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Berens Islands	Canada
country	Bozusha (Persian: بزوشا‎, also Romanized as Bozūshā; also known as Bazoo Shah, Bazūshāh, Bazushakh, Bozowshā, and Bozūsheh) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bozusha	Iran
country	Samanabad (Urdu: سمن آباد‎) is a major residential area and administrative subdivision of Lahore, Pakistan.	Samanabad	Pakistan
country	Subramaniyaswami Temple, Marudamalai is a popular hill temple dedicated to Hindu god Murugan, situated near Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Marudamalai	India
country	The Manar University of Tripoli (MUT; Arabic: جامعة المنار في طرابلس‎), also known as the Rashid Karami Institution for Higher Education, is a private accredited university located in Tripoli, Lebanon.	Manar University of Tripoli	Lebanon
country	In 1983, Miss Canada Jodi Rutledge and Miss Teen Canada Lori Assheton-Smith visited Steam Era.	Steam Era	Canada
country	Yvignac-la-Tour (Breton: Ivinieg) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of the region in Brittany in northwestern France.	Yvignac-la-Tour	France
country	Kouspades (Greek: Κουσπάδες) is a village and a community in the southern part of the island of Corfu, Greece.	Kouspades	Greece
country	Pelican Airport, (TC LID: CFT8), is located 31 km (19 mi) east of Wabasca, Alberta, Canada.	Pelican Airport	Canada
country	Ucha River (Russian: Уча́) is a river in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Ucha River	Russia
country	The Portjengrat (also known as Pizzo d'Andolla) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Portjengrat	Switzerland	Italy
country	San Jerónimo Acazulco is a town and community in the municipality of Ocoyoacac, Mexico State, Mexico.	San Jerónimo Acazulco	Mexico
country	Vaagdevi College of Engineering is an engineering school in Bollikunta, Warangal, Telangana, India.	Vaagdevi College of Engineering	India
country	Chuschi is a town in the Chuschi District of the Cangallo Province of the Ayacucho Region of Peru.	Chuschi	Peru
country	Namy (Russian: Намы; Sakha: Намыы) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Borogonsky Rural Okrug of Bulunsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 280 kilometers (170 mi) from Tiksi, the administrative center of the district.	Namy	Russia
country	Niechodzin (ɲeˈxɔd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niechodzin	Poland
country	Albaina is a small village south of Belmopan on the Hummingbird Highway in the Cayo District of Belize.	Albaina	Belize
country	Lärkstaden (Swedish for ``Lark City'') is an urban area within the city district of Östermalm in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Lärkstaden	Sweden
country	Hingalol or Hingalool (Somali: Xingalool) is a small town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Hingalol	Somalia
country	Sierra de Perijá National Park, also known as Perijá National Park, is a protected area in Venezuela.	Sierra de Perijá National Park	Venezuela
country	Bekasi (Indonesian: Kota Bekasi) is a city in West Java, Indonesia, located on the eastern border of Jakarta within the Jabodetabek metropolitan region, as such it serves as a bedroom and factory town for Jakarta.	Bekasi	Indonesia
country	The Grain Growers' Guide (later called the Country Guide) was a newspaper published by the Grain Growers' Grain Company (GGGC) in Western Canada for grain farmers between 1908 and 1936.	Grain Growers' Guide	Canada
country	The Subic Forest is a national forest protected area that extends from Subic Bay National Park up the north-western volcanic slope of Mount Natib in Bataan National Park in the Philippines.	Subic Forest	Philippines
country	Democratic Party of Federalists (Serbian: Demokratska stranka federalista, Serbian Cyrillic: Демократска Странка Федералиста) is political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Democratic Party of Federalists	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Peel Island (Indigenous: Teerk Ro Ra) is a small heritage-listed island located in Moreton Bay, east of Brisbane, in South East Queensland, Australia.	Peel Island	Australia
country	Sonzay is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.	Sonzay	France
country	The locality Port Leopold is an abandoned trading post in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Port Leopold	Canada
country	San Juan del Paraná is one of the 30 districts of the Itapúa Department, Paraguay.	San Juan del Paraná	Paraguay
country	Resist Records is an independent record label and retail store based in Newtown, New South Wales, Australia.	Resist Records	Australia
country	Chah Kabutari (Persian: چاه كبوتري‎, also Romanized as Chāh Kabūtarī; also known as Chāh Kabūtar) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah Kabutari	Iran
country	The Valdivia International Film Festival (spanish: Festival Internacional de Cine de Valdivia (FICV o FICVALDIVIA)) is an international film exhibition and competition, held annually in the city of Valdivia, Los Rios region , Chile.	Valdivia International Film Festival	Chile
country	The Nouveau Stade de Bordeaux, currently also known as the Matmut Atlantique for sponsorship purposes, is a football stadium in Bordeaux, France.	Nouveau Stade de Bordeaux	France
country	Runnymede College is a co-educational private school located in La Moraleja, Alcobendas, Community of Madrid, Spain.	Runnymede College	Spain
country	Kiarov (Hungarian: Ipolykér) is both a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Kiarov	Slovakia
country	Ortel Królewski Drugi (ˈɔrtɛl kruˈlɛfskʲi ˈdruɡʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piszczac, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ortel Królewski Drugi	Poland
country	Isjek (Cyrillic: Исјек) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Isjek	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Abadla (Arabic: ﺑﻨﻰ ﻳﺨﻠﻒ‎) is a town and commune in western Algeria, and capital of Abadla District, Béchar Province.	Abadla	Algeria
country	Ormelet is a village and statistical area (grunnkrets) in Tjøme municipality, Norway.	Ormelet	Norway
country	Log nad Škofjo Loko (pronounced (ˈloːk nat ˈʃkoːfjɔ ˈloːkɔ)) is a village on the right bank of the Poljanščica River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Log nad Škofjo Loko	Slovenia
country	Eschette (Luxembourgish: Éischent) is a village in the commune of Rambrouch and the canton of Redange in western Luxembourg.	Eschette	Luxembourg
country	Klein Letaba River is a tributary of the Letaba River, situated in Limpopo, South Africa.	Klein Letaba River	South Africa
country	The Quequén Grande River is located in southwestern Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Quequén Grande River	Argentina
country	Batzke's House (Danish: Batzkes Hus) is the former gardener's house at Frederiksborg Castle in Hillerød, Denmark.	Batzke's House	Denmark
country	The Battle of Santiago de Cuba, fought between Spain and the United States on July 3, 1898, was one of the key naval engagements of the Spanish--	Battle of Santiago de Cuba	Spain
country	Sklené Teplice is a small spa village and municipality in Žiar nad Hronom District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Sklené Teplice	Slovakia
country	Sangha Trinational is a forest divided between the nations of Central African Republic, Cameroon and Congo-Brazzaville.	Sangha Trinational	Central African Republic	Cameroon
country	Skorenovac (Serbian: Скореновац, Skorenovac, Hungarian: Székelykeve, German: Skorenowatz, Banat Bulgarian: Gjurgevo) is a village located in the Kovin municipality, in the South Banat District of Serbia, in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.	Skorenovac	Serbia
country	Filitheyo island hosts one of the newest resorts in the Maldives and the only resort in Faafu Atoll.	Filitheyo	Maldives
country	Zardeh Malek (Persian: زرده ملك‎) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zardeh Malek	Iran
country	El Alto International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional El Alto) (IATA: LPB, ICAO: SLLP) is an international airport located in the city of El Alto, Bolivia, 8 mi (13 km) south-west of La Paz.	El Alto International Airport	Bolivia
country	Odeleite is a freguesia (parish) in the municipality of Castro Marim (Algarve, Portugal).	Odeleite	Portugal
country	Marienrode Priory is a Benedictine nunnery in Marienrode, a district of Hildesheim in Germany.	Marienrode Priory	Germany
country	Gazkan (Persian: گزكان‎, also Romanized as Gazkān; also known as Gazgūn) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gazkan	Iran
country	Hesby Church (Norwegian: Hesby kirke) is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Hesby Church	Norway
country	Nýřany (Czech pronunciation: (ˈniːr̝anɪ); German: Nürschan; Latin: Nirane) is a small town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Nýřany	Czech Republic
country	The MediaPark is an urban regeneration neighborhood in Cologne, Germany, completed by the turn of the millennium.	MediaPark	Germany
country	Arles, Roman and Romanesque Monuments (French: Arles, monuments romains et romans) is an area containing a collection of monuments in the city centre of Arles, France, that has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1981.	Arles, Roman and Romanesque Monuments	France
country	Pelikansgränd (Swedish: ``Pelican Alley'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden, connecting Gaffelgränd to Österlånggatan.	Pelikansgränd	Sweden
country	In November 2003 the Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth Prof Sir Jonathan Sacks accepted the position of the spiritual leader of the Western Marble Arch Synagogue,	Western Marble Arch Synagogue	United Kingdom
country	Mount Balbi is a Holocene stratovolcano located in the northern portion of the island of Bougainville, Papua New Guinea.	Mount Balbi	Papua New Guinea
country	Hörningsholm Castle (Swedish: Hörningsholms slott) is a castle in Sweden.	Hörningsholm Castle	Sweden
country	Zelen Breg (pronounced (ˈzeːlɛn ˈbɾeːk)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Zelen Breg	Slovenia
country	Montifeno or Montofeno is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in southwest Madagascar.	Montifeno	Madagascar
country	Rạch Giá ( listen) is a provincial city and the capital city of Kien Giang province, Vietnam.	Rạch Giá	Vietnam
country	The Route nationale 2 (N 2) is a route nationale in northern France.	Route nationale 2	France
country	Gran Encantat is a mountain peak of Catalonia, Spain.	Gran Encantat	Spain
country	Samarova (Russian: Самарова) is a rural locality (a village) in Oktyabrsky District of Perm Krai, Russia.	Samarova	Russia
country	Ardfield (Irish: Ard Ó bhFicheallaigh, meaning ``height of the Feely's''), historically Ardofoyle, is a small village on the southwest coast of County Cork, Ireland.	Ardfield	Ireland
country	Kwan Im Thong Hood Cho Temple (Chinese: 观音堂佛祖庙; pinyin: Guānyīn Táng Fózǔ Miào) is a traditional Chinese temple situated at 178 Waterloo Street in Singapore.	Kwan Im Thong Hood Cho Temple	Singapore
country	The Fuentemolinos cave (Spanish: Cueva de Fuentemolinos) is the largest formation in a cave complex, consisting of at least twelve cavities, in the town of Puras de Villafranca belonging to the municipality of Belorado (Burgos, Spain).	Fuentemolinos cave	Spain
country	Bettancourt-la-Ferrée is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France.	Bettancourt-la-Ferrée	France
country	FK Dinamo Pančevo (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Динамо Панчево) is a football club based in Pančevo, Serbia.	FK Dinamo Pančevo	Serbia
country	Chak No.65-GB Mukandpur is a historical village located about 25 kilometers towards south of Faisalabad and nearly 10 kilometres toward north of Jaranwala on Jaranwala - Faisalabad in Tehsil Jaranwala of District Faisalabad in Pakistan.	Chak No.65-GB Mukandpur	Pakistan
country	Santiago de los Caballeros or simply Santiago (English: Saint James of the Knights) is the second-largest city in the Dominican Republic, and the fourth-largest city in the Caribbean.	Santiago de los Caballeros	Dominican Republic
country	Calicut International Airport (IATA: CCJ, ICAO: VOCL), also known as Karipur Airport, is an international airport serving the cities of Kozhikkode and Malappuram in Kerala, India.	Calicut International Airport	India
country	Saratov Conservatory is a music conservatory in Russia.	Saratov Conservatory	Russia
country	Sanlúcar de Barrameda (or simply Sanlúcar) is a city in the northwest of Cádiz province, part of the autonomous community of Andalucía in southern Spain.	Sanlúcar de Barrameda	Spain
country	The Port Fairy Folk Festival is a popular annual four-day music festival based in the historic fishing village of Port Fairy in Victoria, Australia.	Port Fairy Folk Festival	Australia
country	Pusté Úľany (Hungarian: Pusztafödémes) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Pusté Úľany	Slovakia
country	The Chuzhou Railway Station (Chinese: 滁州站) is a high-speed railway station in Chuzhou, Anhui, People's Republic of China.	Chuzhou Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Inish Turk Beg (from Irish: Inis Toirc Beag, meaning ``small island of the wild boar'') is a private island in Clew Bay, County Mayo on the west coast of Ireland.	Inish Turk Beg	Ireland
country	Ticha Reservoir (Bulgarian: язовир Тича, yazovir Ticha) is a reservoir in Varbitsa Municipality, Shumen Province, northeastern Bulgaria, located to the north and northeast of the town of Varbitsa.	Ticha Reservoir	Bulgaria
country	The Autovía A-49 is a major highway in Andalusia, Spain.	Autovía A-49	Spain
country	The Willunga Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed on 29 May 1874, making it the second oldest continuous football club in South Australia behind Port Adelaide.	Willunga Football Club	Australia
country	Timbang Langkat is a populated place in Binjai Timur (East Binjai), Kota Binjai, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Timbang Langkat	Indonesia
country	Ilanda Wilds is a nature reserve situated along Amanzimtoti River in the town of Amanzimtoti, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Ilanda Wilds	South Africa
country	Herale (Somali: Xeraale, Arabic: حراله‎) is a town situated in the central Galgaduud province of Somalia.	Herale	Somalia
country	Dalhousie-Restigouche East (French: Dalhousie-Restigouche-est) was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada.	Dalhousie-Restigouche East	Canada
country	Monte Titano (``Mount Titan'') is a mountain of the Apennines and the highest peak in San Marino.	Monte Titano	San Marino
country	Weissenfels Castle (``White Cliff Castle;`` German: Schloss Weissenfels, Italian: Castello Fusine, Slovene: Grad Bela peč) is a castle ruin above the settlement of Bela Peč, near Rateče in the extreme northwest corner of Slovenia.	Weissenfels Castle	Slovenia
country	Shawashina (Al Shawashina, Ash-Shawashinah) is a desert town in the Al Wahat District in the Cyrenaica region of northeastern Libya.	Shawashina	Libya
country	Dybów-Folwark (ˈdɨbuf ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dybów-Folwark	Poland
country	Shahr Dar-e Bala (Persian: شهردربالا‎, also Romanized as Shahr Dar-e Bālā; also known as Shahr Dar and Shahr-i-dār) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shahr Dar-e Bala	Iran
country	Nowe Łąki (ˈnɔvɛ ˈwɔŋki) (German: Neuwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pielgrzymka, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowe Łąki	Poland
country	Akreijit is a town situated in central Mauritania.	Akreijit	Mauritania
country	As per 2011 Census of India Raninagar II CD Block had a total population of 190,885, all of which were rural.	Raninagar II	India
country	Mbita Point is a rural community in the former province of Nyanza, Kenya, currently in Homa Bay County, on the shores of Lake Victoria.	Mbita Point	Kenya
country	Katydata (Greek: Κατύδατα) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 2 km north of Linou.	Katydata	Cyprus
country	Leduc No. 1 was a major crude oil discovery made near Leduc, Alberta, Canada on February 13, 1947.	Leduc No. 1	Canada
country	Ivakale is a village located in Kakamega County, Kenya The village is located few kilometres east the A1 road between Kakamega and Malava.	Ivakale	Kenya
country	Żarki (ˈʐarki) (German: Zarki) is a town in Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,387 inhabitants (2004).	Żarki	Poland
country	Nord-Ostsee-Bahn or NOB is a railway company which operates in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Nord-Ostsee-Bahn	Germany
country	Bruit Island (or also known as Pulau Bruit) is an island of Malaysia, part of the state of Sarawak.	Bruit Island	Malaysia
country	The Edmonton Pedway system is a network connecting office buildings, shopping centres, and parkades in downtown Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton Pedway	Canada
country	South Rourkela is an area of the steel city Rourkela in Orissa state, India.	South Rourkela	India
country	Niegardów-Kolonia (ɲeˈɡarduf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Niegardów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Segonje (pronounced (ˈseːɡɔnjɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Segonje	Slovenia
country	Tappeh Goleh-ye Sofla (Persian: تپه گله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Goleh-ye Soflá and Tappeh Galleh-ye Soflá; also known as Tappeh Goleh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Goleh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Rocinha (little farm) is the largest favela in Brazil, and is located in Rio de Janeiro's South Zone between the districts of São Conrado and Gávea.	Rocinha	Brazil
country	Hurcze (ˈxurt͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Гірче, Hirche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Hurcze	Poland
country	Schönrain Priory (Kloster Schönrain) was a house of the Benedictine Order located near Lohr in the Spessart, in Bavaria in Southern Germany.	Schönrain Priory	Germany
country	Volcán de Agua (also known as Hunahpú by Mayans) is a stratovolcano located in the department of Sacatepéquez in Guatemala.	Volcán de Agua	Guatemala
country	Namdalen (Southern Sami: Nååmesjevuemie) is a traditional district in the central part of Norway, consisting of the municipalities Namsos, Grong, Overhalla, Røyrvik, Fosnes, Nærøy, Høylandet, Namdalseid, Flatanger, Lierne, Leka, Namsskogan, and Vikna, all in Nord-Trøndelag county.	Namdalen	Norway
country	Kreeri (Urdu;کریری) is a tehsil headquarters composed of 15 villages in Baramulla District of Jammu and Kashmir state, India.	Kreeri	India
country	XHMIX-FM is a commercial radio station located in La Rumorosa, Baja California, Mexico, broadcasting to the Imperial Valley, California area of the United States on 98.3 FM.	XHMIX-FM	Mexico
country	The earliest recorded mention of North Sentinel Island was made in 1771 by the British surveyor John Ritchie, who observed ``a multitude of lights'' from an East India Company hydrographic survey vessel, the Diligent, as it passed by the island.	North Sentinel Island	India
country	Ruffino is a wine producer based in the Tuscany region of Italy.	Ruffino	Italy
country	Rize is the capital city of Rize Province in the eastern part of the Black Sea Region of Turkey.	Rize	Turkey
country	The Ullen Sentalu Museum is a Javanese culture and art museum located in Kaliurang highland, Yogyakarta, Java, Indonesia.	Ullen Sentalu Museum	Indonesia
country	Villa Rufolo is a building within the historic center of Ravello, a town in the province of Salerno, Italy, and which overlooks the front of the cathedral square.	Villa Rufolo	Italy
country	The DIN 1451 typeface family includes both a medium and a condensed version; an older extended version is no longer used since the early 1980s, but may still be encountered on older road signs in Germany.	DIN 1451	Germany
country	Parintins is a municipality in the far east of the Amazonas state, Brazil.	Parintins	Brazil
country	Phnom Chhnork is a Hindu cave temple in Kampot Province, southern Cambodia, located about 5 miles (8.0 km) northeast of Kampot.	Phnom Chhnork	Cambodia
country	Barkin Ladi (or Barakin Ladi) is a Local Government Area in Plateau State, Nigeria.	Barkin Ladi	Nigeria
country	Vorovoro is an island in the province of Macuata in the Vanua Levu Group of northern Fiji, 40 minutes away from the town of Labasa by boat.	Vorovoro	Fiji
country	Ossès (Basque: Ortzaize) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Ossès	France
country	Caransebeș Airport (IATA: CSB, ICAO: LRCS) is located 1.8 km (1.1 mi) east northeast of Caransebeş in western Romania, in Caraş-Severin county.	Caransebeș Airport	Romania
country	Kaj Olang (Persian: كج النگ‎, also Romanized as Kaj Alang) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kaj Olang	Iran
country	Daymer Bay is a bay and a beach on the east side of the River Camel estuary in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Daymer Bay	United Kingdom
country	Kangerlussuaq Airport (Greenlandic: Mittarfik Kangerlussuaq, Danish: Søndre Strømfjord Lufthavn) (IATA: SFJ, ICAO: BGSF) is an airport in Kangerlussuaq, a settlement in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland.	Kangerlussuaq Airport	Greenland
country	Htigyaing, also spelt Tigyaing, is a town in eastern Sagaing Division, in northern Burma (Myanmar).	Htigyaing	Myanmar
country	Aulavik National Park (Inuvialuktun: place where people travel) is a national park located on Banks Island in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Aulavik National Park	Canada
country	Kamen-na-Obi (Russian: Ка́мень-на-Оби́), known until 1933 as Kamen (Ка́мень), is a town in Altai Krai, Russia, located on the left bank of the Ob River 208 kilometers (129 mi) northwest of Barnaul, the administrative center of the krai.	Kamen-na-Obi	Russia
country	Tarvagatai River (Mongolian: Тарвагтай гол) is a river in the Teshig sum of Bulgan aimag in Mongolia.	Tarvagatai River	Mongolia
country	Dattagalli is a small urban area on the southeast of the city of Mysore, the second largest city in the state of Karnataka, India.	Dattagalli	India
country	Dardoqqaz (also, Dardokkaz; Avar: Дартукъаз) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dardoqqaz	Azerbaijan
country	Tašuľa is a small village in Sobrance District, Košice Region in eastern Slovakia.	Tašuľa	Slovakia
country	Horg Church (Norwegian: Horg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Horg Church	Norway
country	Alin Jaq (Persian: الينجق‎, also Romanized as Alīn Jaq; also known as Alenjaq) is a village in Dizajrud-e Sharqi Rural District, Qaleh Chay District, Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alin Jaq	Iran
country	The Ionian University (Greek: Iόνιο Πανεπιστήμιο) is a university located in the city of Corfu, Greece.	Ionian University	Greece
country	Rębiszewo-Studzianki (rɛmbiˈʂɛvɔ stuˈd͡ʑaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rębiszewo-Studzianki	Poland
country	The Jodenbuurt ( Dutch for ``Jewish Neighborhood'' ) is a neighborhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Jodenbuurt	Netherlands
country	Hajji Bachcheh (Persian: حاجي بچه‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bachcheh and Ḩājī Bachcheh; also known as Hājibacheh) is a village in Qoltuq Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Hajji Bachcheh	Iran
country	The Goseck circle is a Neolithic structure in Goseck in the Burgenlandkreis district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Goseck circle	Germany
country	Hollerich-Bonnevoie (German: Hollerich-Bonneweg) was the legal name of a part, formally section (German: Sektion), of the then-commune of Hollerich, in southern Luxembourg.	Hollerich-Bonnevoie	Luxembourg
country	Kareh Nab (Persian: كره ناب‎, also Romanized as kKareh nāb) is a village in Yaft Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kareh Nab	Iran
country	Żagno (ˈʐaɡnɔ) (German: Zangen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Żagno	Poland
country	Aalborg Portland is a cement-producing company in Denmark.	Aalborg Portland	Denmark
country	Huai Sak (Thai: ห้วยสัก) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Huai Sak	Thailand
country	Seredžius (Yiddish: סרעדניק - Srednik; Samogitian: Seredius; Russian: Средники; Polish: Średniki) is a town in Lithuania on the right bank of the Neman River near its confluence with the Dubysa River.	Seredžius	Lithuania
country	The Mangoky River is a 564-kilometer-long (350 mi) river in Madagascar in the regions of Atsimo-Andrefana and Anosy.	Mangoky River	Madagascar
country	Javorište (Serbian Cyrillic: Јавориште) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, near the town of Resavica.	Javorište	Serbia
country	Gmina Witnica is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Gmina Witnica	Poland
country	Al-Houz (Arabic: الحوز‎, also spelled al-Huz) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs.	Al-Houz	Syria
country	Bović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бовић) is a village in Croatia.	Bović	Croatia
country	The São Paulo Zoo (Portuguese: Parque Zoológico de São Paulo) is the largest zoo in Brazil.	São Paulo Zoo	Brazil
country	Kidi (Persian: كيدي‎, also Romanized as Kīdī) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kidi	Iran
country	Kargat (Russian: Карга́т) is a town and the administrative center of Kargatsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kargat River.	Kargat	Russia
country	Baku Ferris Wheel, also known as the Baku Eye, is a Ferris wheel on Baku Boulevard in the Seaside National Park of Baku, capital of Azerbaijan.	Baku Ferris Wheel	Azerbaijan
country	The Königsangerspitze (Italian: Monte Pascolo; German: Königsangerspitze) is a mountain in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Königsangerspitze	Italy
country	Sambir (Ukrainian: Самбір), is a city in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.	Sambir	Ukraine
country	Synej is a village and a former municipality situated in the central plains of Albania's Western Lowlands region.	Synej	Albania
country	Do Kamdan (Persian: دوكمدان‎, also Romanized as Do Kamdān) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Do Kamdan	Iran
country	Witobel (viˈtɔbɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stęszew, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Witobel	Poland
country	Gornje Pijavško (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnjɛ piˈjaːu̯ʃkɔ); German: Oberpiauschko) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Gornje Pijavško	Slovenia
country	Korla Airport (simplified Chinese: 库尔勒机场; traditional Chinese: 庫爾勒機場; pinyin: Kù'ěrlè Jīchǎng) (IATA: KRL, ICAO: ZWKL) is an airport serving Korla, a city in the autonomous region of Xinjiang in the People's Republic of China.	Korla Airport	People's Republic of China
country	Rayak Air Base (Arabic: قاعدة رياق الجوية‎ Kaidat Rayak al-jawiya) (ICAO: OLRA) is Lebanon's first air base and the place where the Lebanese Air Force was born on June 1, 1949.	Rayak Air Base	Lebanon
country	Narisham (Persian: نريشم‎, also Romanized as Narīsham) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Narisham	Iran
country	The Humber Bay Arch Bridge (also known as the Humber River Arch Bridge, the Humber River Pedestrian Bridge, or the Gateway Bridge) is a pedestrian and bicycle through arch bridge south of Lake Shore Boulevard West in Toronto, Canada.	Humber Bay Arch Bridge	Canada
country	Zuqar Island (Arabic: جزيرة زقر‎, Jabal Zuqar) is an island in the Red Sea that belongs to Yemen.	Zuqar Island	Yemen
country	CosmoCaixa Barcelona (Catalan pronunciation: (ˌkɔzmuˈkaʃə βərsəˈɫonə)) is a science museum located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	CosmoCaixa Barcelona	Spain
country	CKCO-DT, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is a CTV owned-and-operated television station located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	CKCO-DT	Canada
country	Tevragh-Zeina is a suburb of Nouakchott and urban commune in western Mauritania.	Tevragh-Zeina	Mauritania
country	The Grossglockner (German: Großglockner or just Glockner, Slovene: Veliki Klek) is, at 3,798 metres above the Adriatic (12,461 ft), the highest mountain of Austria and the highest mountain in the Alps east of the Brenner Pass.	Grossglockner	Austria
country	Coaticook is a town in southeastern Quebec, Canada on the Coaticook River; it is the seat of the Coaticook Regional County Municipality.	Coaticook	Canada
country	Marabella is home to the Manny Ramjohn Stadium, one of the four major stadia in Trinidad and Tobago.	Marabella	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Royal Calcutta Golf Club (RCGC) in Kolkata, India was established in 1829 and is the oldest golf club in India and the first outside Great Britain.	Royal Calcutta Golf Club	India
country	Altynemel (Kazakh: Алтынемел) is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Altynemel	Kazakhstan
country	Chini-e Lay Bid Mining Complex (Persian: معدن چيني لاي بيد‎ -- Maʿdan Chīnī-e Lāy Bīd) is a village and company town in Zarkan Rural District, Meymeh District, Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chini-e Lay Bid Mining Complex	Iran
country	Lake Dapao is a deep water lake located in the province of Lanao del Sur, southwest of Lake Lanao, in the island of Mindanao in the Philippines.	Lake Dapao	Philippines
country	The KMP College of Engineering (KMPCE), Cherukunnam, Asamannoor P.O, Perumbavoor is an engineering and technology school in Ernakulam, Kerala in south India.	KMP College of Engineering	India
country	The Alexander Column (Russian: Алекса́ндровская коло́нна, Aleksandrovskaya kolonna) also known as Alexandrian Column (Russian: Александри́йская коло́нна, Aleksandriyskaya kolonna), is the focal point of Palace Square in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Alexander Column	Russia
country	Keshikan (Persian: كشيكان‎, also Romanized as Keshīkān; also known as Keshīgān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Keshikan	Iran
country	Ballo Wharf, commonly known as Ballowharf, is a community in Northern Province, Sierra Leone, north of the capital Freetown.	Ballo Wharf	Sierra Leone
country	The Ekka is the annual agricultural show of Queensland, Australia.	Ekka	Australia
country	Kalembina (kalɛmˈbʲina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kalembina	Poland
country	The Blauwe Theehuis (``Blue Tea House'') is a 1930s Modernist pavilion in the Vondelpark in Amsterdam, the capital city of the Netherlands.	Blauwe Theehuis	Netherlands
country	The Jeti-Ögüz Rocks is a geological protected area (nature monument) located in Jeti-Oguz District of Issyk-Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Jeti-Ögüz Rocks	Kyrgyzstan
country	High Atlas, also called the Grand Atlas Mountains (Arabic: الاطلس الكبير‎ and French: Haut Atlas and Berber: ⴰⴷⵔⴰⵔ ⵏ ⴷⵔⵏ)) is a mountain range in central Morocco in Northern Africa.	High Atlas	Morocco
country	The Lebanese University (Arabic: الجامعة اللبنانية‎, French: Université Libanaise) is the only public institution for higher learning in Lebanon.	Lebanese University	Lebanon
country	Nkasi District (formerly Nkansi District) is one of the four districts of the Rukwa Region of Tanzania, with its headquarters in the village of Namanyere.	Nkasi District	Tanzania
country	Przemysławiec (pʂɛmɨˈswavjɛt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przemysławiec	Poland
country	All reigning monarchs of The Netherlands since King William I have been patrons of Diligentia, and many members of the Royal Family have been honorary members.	Diligentia	Netherlands
country	Darreh Bakhtan (Persian: دره بختان‎, also Romanized as Darreh Bakhtān; also known as Darreh Bakhtā) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Bakhtan	Iran
country	Banbhore or Bhambore (Urdu: بنبهور‎), is an ancient city dating to the 1st century BC located in Sindh, Pakistan.	Banbhore	Pakistan
country	Miastko (ˈmʲastkɔ) (Kashubian/Pomeranian: Miastkò; German: Rummelsburg), is a town in the Middle Pomerania region of northwestern Poland.	Miastko	Poland
country	The 1985 Asian Judo Championships were held in Tokyo, Japan in March.	1985 Asian Judo Championships	Japan
country	Darvish Mohammad Shah (Persian: درويش محمدشاه‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Moḩammad Shāh) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darvish Mohammad Shah	Iran
country	Hondschoote (from Dutch; Hondschote in the modern Dutch spelling) is a commune of the Nord département, in northern France.	Hondschoote	France
country	DSC Hockey Stadium is a description of a new multi-use stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates that has been open since Apri1 2009 and has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.	DSC Hockey Stadium	United Arab Emirates
country	The Condroz is a natural region in Belgium, located to the north-west of the Ardennes region, and sometimes known as being even more beautiful than the Ardennes.	Condroz	Belgium
country	FontShop International is licensor for four FontShops in Austria, Benelux, Germany, and the USA.	FontShop International	Germany
country	Borgarey is a small island in the Westfjords in the north-west of Iceland.	Borgarey	Iceland
country	Katine is a sub-county in the Soroti District of Uganda.	Katine	Uganda
country	Moricsala Nature Reserve (Latvian: Moricsalas dabas rezervāts) is a nature reserve in western Latvia (Courland).	Moricsala Nature Reserve	Latvia
country	Connewarre, Victoria, Australia, is located in south-east of Geelong, and is named after Lake Connewarre which is situated immediately to its north-east.	Connewarre, Victoria	Australia
country	Trbinc (pronounced (təɾˈbiːnts)) is a settlement immediately west of Mirna in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Trbinc	Slovenia
country	Eliot Passage is a marine waterway between Village Island (E) and Pearl Island (W) in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, southwest of the opening of Knight Inlet.	Eliot Passage	Canada
country	Nittambuwa is a town, situated in Gampaha District, Sri Lanka.	Nittambuwa	Sri Lanka
country	The Æðarstein lighthouse (Icelandic: Æðarsteinsviti) is located on the southeast coast of Iceland, on a rocky point on the west side of the port of Djúpivogur.	Æðarstein lighthouse	Iceland
country	Grimalda is an ancient village or hamlet in Istria, Croatia, mentioned for the first time in 1202.	Grimalda	Croatia
country	Mamilla Mall, also known as Alrov Mamilla Avenue, is an upscale shopping street and the only open-air mall in Jerusalem, Israel.	Mamilla Mall	Israel
country	Manujan County (Persian: شهرستان منوجان‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Manujan County	Iran
country	Prebilovci (Cyrillic: Пребиловци) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina, near the city of Čapljina (Чапљина).	Prebilovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Domingo Faustino Sarmiento Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de San Juan -- Domingo Faustino Sarmiento) (IATA: UAQ, ICAO: SANU) is an airport in San Juan Province, Argentina serving the cities of San Juan.	Domingo Faustino Sarmiento Airport	Argentina
country	Maramon is a small town on the Pampa River, opposite to Kozhencherry town in the state of Kerala, India.	Maramon	India
country	The Aiguille du Tour (3,540 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif, located on the border between Switzerland and France.	Aiguille du Tour	Switzerland
country	The Sahtu Region is one of five administrative regions in the Northwest Territories in Canada.	Sahtu Region	Canada
country	Nuranang Falls (also known as Bong Bong Falls), some 100 metres high, is located in the Tawang district of Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Nuranang Falls	India
country	Kašėtų gyvenvietės is an archaeological site in Varėna district municipality, in Alytus County, in southeastern Lithuania.	Kašėtų gyvenvietės	Lithuania
country	Ngora Freda Carr Hospital, commonly known as Ngora Hospital, is a community hospital in Uganda.	Ngora Hospital	Uganda
country	First League of the Republika Srpska (Serbian: Прва лига Републике Српске / Prva liga Republike Srpske) is a second level football competition in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	First League of the Republika Srpska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Eusserthal Abbey (German: Kloster Eußerthal) was a Cistercian abbey in Eusserthal near Annweiler am Trifels in the Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Eusserthal Abbey	Germany
country	Voghjaberd (Armenian: Ողջաբերդ, also Romanized as Vokhchaberd) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Voghjaberd	Armenia
country	Krombacher Brauerei (German pronunciation: (ˈkʁɔmbaxɐ bʁaʊ̯əˈʁaɪ̯)) is one of the largest privately owned breweries in Germany and ranks number 2 among Germany's best selling breweries.	Krombacher Brauerei	Germany
country	Clendon Park is a suburb of Auckland city in northern New Zealand.	Clendon Park	New Zealand
country	The Abra del Acay in La Poma Departament, Salta Province, Argentina is the highest point in Argentina's National Route 40.	Abra del Acay	Argentina
country	Norrbyskär is a small group of islands outside of Umeå, Sweden.	Norrbyskär	Sweden
country	Vaskovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Васьково) is an airport in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia located 13 km southwest of central Arkhangelsk as the crow flies but 19km by road.	Vaskovo Airport	Russia
country	Hoh Nuur, located in Dornod Province, is a lake and the lowest point in Mongolia.	Hoh Nuur	Mongolia
country	Vogar is a small town in the south-west of Iceland.	Vogar	Iceland
country	Rose Seidler House is a Bauhaus-styled home designed by Harry Seidler located at 71 Clissold Road, Wahroonga, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Rose Seidler House	Australia
country	The Glasgow effect refers to the unexplained poor health and low life expectancy of residents of Glasgow, Scotland, compared to the rest of the United Kingdom and Europe.	Glasgow effect	United Kingdom
country	RAF St Jean is a former military airfield in Israel, which is located approximately 4 km east-northeast of Acre and 100 km north-northeast of Tel Aviv.	RAF St Jean	Israel
country	Kretinga ( pronunciation , German: Krottingen) is a city in Klaipėda County, Lithuania.	Kretinga	Lithuania
country	Koh Russei,Koh Russey or Bamboo Island (Khmer: កោះឬស្សី) is one of a group of small islands in the Gulf of Thailand, located about 4.5 km (3 mi) off the coast of Sihanoukville city in southern Cambodia.	Koh Russei	Cambodia
country	Pakszyn (ˈpakʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pakszyn	Poland
country	Kysylyn or Kisilin (Ukrainian: Кисилин, Polish: Kisielin) is a town in Volyn Oblast, Ukraine.	Kysylyn	Ukraine
country	Thaton District (Burmese: သထုံခရိုင်; Karen: Doo The Htoo) is a district of the Karen State in Myanmar.	Thaton District	Myanmar
country	Bibah (Persian: بي به‎, also Romanized as Bībah and Bī Bah) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bibah	Iran
country	Hofbräuhaus Traunstein is a beer brewery in Traunstein, southeastern Bavaria, Germany.	Hofbräuhaus Traunstein	Germany
country	Ro's Torv is a shopping centre in central Roskilde, Denmark.	Ro's Torv	Denmark
country	Snikzwaag (West Frisian: Sniksweach) is a village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Snikzwaag	Netherlands
country	Pļaviņas ( pronunciation ; German: Stockmannshof) is a town in Latvia.	Pļaviņas	Latvia
country	Malekoppa (Kannada: ಮಾಳೆಕೊಪ್ಪ ) is a village in the Koppal district in Karnataka state, India.	Malekoppa	India
country	Vratsa (Bulgarian: Враца) is a city in northwestern Bulgaria, at the foothills of the Balkan Mountains.	Vratsa	Bulgaria
country	The Iceberg Skating Palace (Russian: Дворец Зимнего Спорта Айсберг) is a 12,000-seat multi-purpose arena at Sochi Olympic Park in Sochi, Russia.	Iceberg Skating Palace	Russia
country	Bač Fortress (Serbian: Бачка тврђава / Bačka tvrđava) is a medieval fortress in Serbia, Vojvodina.	Bač Fortress	Serbia
country	Hårup is a town in Aarhus Municipality, Central Denmark Region in Denmark with 763 inhabitants in 2015.	Hårup	Denmark
country	Toksovo (Russian: То́ксово; Finnish: Toksova) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located 20 kilometers (12 mi) to the north of St. Petersburg on the Karelian Isthmus.	Toksovo	Russia
country	The Glosholm lighthouse (later Glosholm daymark) was a lighthouse on a southern tip of the Glosholm Island in the Pellinge archipelago in the Gulf of Finland, outside of Porvoo.	Glosholm lighthouse	Finland
country	Mourrah (also Moura and Mora) is a village and seat of the rural commune of Togué Mourari in the Cercle of Djenné in the Mopti Region of southern-central Mali.	Mourrah	Mali
country	Archaeological evidence suggests that the area around Ahmedabad in the state of Gujarat, India has been inhabited since the 11th century, when it was known as Ashapalli or Ashaval.	Ashaval	India
country	Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, Australia, refers to three theatres of the same name:	Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney	Australia
country	Thotupola Kanda, also sometimes referred as the Thotupola Peak or Thotupola Mountain, is the third highest mountain is Sri Lanka situated in Nuwara Eliya district 2,357 m (7,733 ft) above mean sea level.	Thotupola Kanda	Sri Lanka
country	Rafa' is a settlement in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.	Rafa'	United Arab Emirates
country	Bălăușeri (Hungarian: Balavásár; Hungarian pronunciation: (bɒlɒvaːʃaːr); German: Bladenmarkt) is a commune in Mureș County, Romania.	Bălăușeri	Romania
country	Truszki-Kucze (ˈtruʂki ˈkut͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Truszki-Kucze	Poland
country	Ibex Cave is a limestone cave on the Rock of Gibraltar which has yielded stone artefacts of Mousterian tradition.	Ibex Cave	Gibraltar
country	Nevsha (Bulgarian: Невша) is a village in north-eastern Bulgaria.	Nevsha	Bulgaria
country	Tomišelj (pronounced (tɔˈmiːʃəl); German: Tomischl) is a village in the Municipality of Ig in central Slovenia, on the edge of the marshland south of the capital Ljubljana.	Tomišelj	Slovenia
country	The Polish Sculpture Center (Polish: Centrum Rzeźby Polskiej) in Orońsko, near Radom, Poland, is a museum housed at Józef Brandt's 19th-century manor house.	Polish Sculpture Center	Poland
country	Palair Lake is a man made lake and a major source of freshwater in the Khammam district of Telangana, India.	Palair Lake	India
country	Själagårdsgatan (Swedish: ``The Charitable Institution Street'') is a street in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Själagårdsgatan	Sweden
country	Kostiantynivka Raion (Ukrainian: Костянтинівський район; Russian: Константиновский район) is one of the 18 administrative raions (a district) of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Kostiantynivka Raion	Ukraine
country	The Töss Valley (German: Tösstal) is a valley and a region of the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Töss Valley	Switzerland
country	The Chillón River is a river located in western Peru.	Chillón River	Peru
country	The Francevillian biota (also known as Gabon macrofossils or Gabonionta) is a group of 2.1-billion-old Palaeoproterozoic, macroscopic organisms known from fossils found in the west-African country of Gabon in the Palaeoproterozoic Francevillian B Formation, a black shale province.	Francevillian biota	Gabon
country	The Cristina Island marshes (Marismas de Isla Cristina) are located at the mouth of the river Carreras in the province of Huelva, Andalusia, in southern Spain.	Marismas de Isla Cristina	Spain
country	Cundrovec (pronounced (ˈtsuːndɾɔʋəts)) is a settlement north of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Cundrovec	Slovenia
country	Neunkirchen-Seelscheid is a municipality in the Rhein-Sieg district in the southern part of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Neunkirchen-Seelscheid	Germany
country	Pingliang (simplified Chinese: 平凉; traditional Chinese: 平涼; pinyin: Píngliàng; literally: ``flat cool'') is a prefecture-level city in eastern Gansu province, People's Republic of China, bordering Shaanxi province to the south and east and the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region to the north.	Pingliang	People's Republic of China
country	Melamuri (Malayalam: േമലാമൂറി) is a commercial centre on the outskirts of Palakkad, Kerala, India.	Melamuri	India
country	Sar Dehlaq (Persian: سردهلق‎, also Romanized as Sardehlāq) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sar Dehlaq	Iran
country	Northern Lehigh High School is a public high school located in Slatington, Pennsylvania, in the United States of America.	Northern Lehigh High School	United States of America
country	Bolbro is a southwestern neighbourhood of Odense, Funen, Denmark.	Bolbro	Denmark
country	The Mount Cameroon and Bioko montane forests ecoregion, of the tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests Biome, are in Afromontane habitats in Cameroon and Equatorial Guinea of Africa.	Mount Cameroon and Bioko montane forests	Equatorial Guinea
country	The International School Bangkok is a private PK-12 American-style school in the Pak Kret District of Nonthaburi Province, Thailand in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area.	International School Bangkok	Thailand
country	Kigezi High School, is a mixed, boarding, middle and high school in Kabale, Kabale District, Western Uganda.	Kigezi High School	Uganda
country	Hunterville railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand, serving the township of Hunterville.	Hunterville railway station	New Zealand
country	Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport (MRIA) (also known as the Hambantota International Airport) (IATA: HRI, ICAO: VCRI) is an international airport serving the city of Hambantota in southeast Sri Lanka.	Mattala Rajapaksa International Airport	Sri Lanka
country	Comporta is a civil parish and village in the municipality of Alcácer, in the old district of Setúbal, in continental Portugal, located at the base of Tróia Peninsula, along the Sado estuary.	Comporta	Portugal
country	Jermuk occupies an area which is historically considered as part of the Vayots Dzor canton of the Syunik province of Ancient Armenia.	Jermuk	Armenia
country	Shah Baig Line (Urdu: شاه بيگ لاین ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Lyari Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Shah Baig Line	Pakistan
country	The Tuve landslide was a large landslide in Tuve, Gothenburg, Sweden on November 30, 1977.	Tuve landslide	Sweden
country	Qeshlaq-e Rostam (Persian: قشلاق رستم‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Rostam) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Rostam	Iran
country	The Arbore Church (Romanian: Biserica Arbore) is a Romanian Orthodox monastery church in Arbore Commune, Suceava County, Romania.	Arbore Church	Romania
country	Davudi-ye Sofla (Persian: داودي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Dāvūdī-ye Soflá; also known as Dāvūdī-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Davudi-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Dutch Mill Co., Ltd. is one of Thailand's largest manufacturers and marketers of dairy products.	Dutch Mill	Thailand
country	Amaliapoli (Greek: Αμαλιάπολη) is a village at the western part of the Pagasetic Gulf, in the Magnesia regional unit of Greece, also known as Nea Mintzela.	Amaliapoli	Greece
country	The Valea Goblii River ( Hungarian: Goblipataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Valea Goblii River	Romania
country	Killilagh or Killeilagh (Irish: Cill Aidhleach) is a civil parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Killilagh	Ireland
country	Heritage Falls is a 5 metre high classical cascade waterfall found in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Heritage Falls	Canada
country	Nieskórz (ˈɲeskuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nieskórz	Poland
country	The Dawson Creek Daily News is a daily newspaper serving Dawson Creek and the South Peace River region of northeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Dawson Creek Daily News	Canada
country	Andulo Airport (IATA: ANL) is an airport near Andulo, Angola.	Andulo Airport	Angola
country	Fylakio (Greek: Φυλάκιο) is a village in the Evros regional unit of northeast Greece.	Fylakio	Greece
country	Brinovščica (pronounced (ˈbɾiːnou̯ʃtʃitsa); in older sources also Brinošica, German: Brinoschitz) is a small settlement in the hills north of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Brinovščica	Slovenia
country	Reporters Without Borders (RWB), or Reporters Sans Frontières (RSF), is a France-based international non-profit, non-governmental organization that promotes and defends freedom of information and freedom of the press.	Reporters Without Borders	France
country	Kahriz-e Varvasht (Persian: كهريزوروشت‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Varvasht; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Varvasht	Iran
country	The Forêt de Mormal (Forest of Mormal) is a forest in France, near the Franco-Belgian border.	Forêt de Mormal	France
country	Mazeh Qaleh (Persian: مازه قلعه‎, also Romanized as Māzeh Qal``eh) is a village in Cheshmeh Langan Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12, in 4 families.	Mazeh Qaleh	Iran
country	Yusufari is a Local Government Area in Yobe State, Nigeria.	Yusufari	Nigeria
country	Oslo Ladegård is a manor house situated at Gamlebyen in Oslo, Norway.	Oslo Ladegård	Norway
country	Sudal is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Sudal	Nepal
country	Trakošćan Castle (pronounced (trakɔʃtɕan), Croatian: Dvor Trakošćan or Dvorac Trakošćan) is a castle located in northern Croatia (in the Varaždin County) that dates back to the 13th century (first written mention is in 1334).	Trakošćan Castle	Croatia
country	Mamer Lycée railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Mamer Lycée, French: Gare de Mamer Lycée, German: Bahnhof Mamer Lycée) is a railway station in Mamer, in south-western Luxembourg.	Mamer Lycée railway station	Luxembourg
country	The Chapel Island Formation is a sedimentary formation from the Burin Peninsula, Newfoundland, Canada.	Chapel Island Formation	Canada
country	Karch-e Sofla (Persian: كرچ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Karch-e Soflá) is a village in Naghan Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Karch-e Sofla	Iran
country	Drenovec pri Bukovju (pronounced (ˈdɾeːnɔʋəts pɾi ˈbuːkɔu̯ju); German: Drenovetz) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Drenovec pri Bukovju	Slovenia
country	Mtubatuba is a town north of Richards Bay close to the entrance of the iSimangaliso Wetland Park (previously Greater St Lucia Wetland Park) in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Mtubatuba	South Africa
country	Mourgana (Greek: Μουργκάνα or Όρη Τσαμαντά - Ori Tsamanta, Albanian: Maja e Murganës) is a mountain range in northwestern Greece and southern Albania.	Mourgana	Greece	Albania
country	Ostra Vetere is a town and comune in the region of Marche, Italy, near the modern Ostra, south-east of Senigallia.	Ostra Vetere	Italy
country	The Nicholas-Zaretsky Church (Николо-Зарецкий храм) is a church in Tula in Russia.	Nicholas-Zaretsky Church	Russia
country	Hotel AC Algeciras is a hotel on Carretera del Rinconcillo in southern Algeciras, in the Province of Cádiz in southeastern Spain.	Hotel AC Algeciras	Spain
country	The Sonklarspitze, also Sonklarspitz, is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol, Austria, and South Tyrol, Italy.	Sonklarspitze	Italy
country	Salega is a traditional district on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.	Salega	Samoa
country	Tecapa is a complex stratovolcano in central El Salvador.	Tecapa	El Salvador
country	Theunissen is a small town that has the only wine estate, the Theunissen Wine Farm, in the Free State province of South Africa.	Theunissen	South Africa
country	Rotorua International Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located on Devon Street West in the Westbrook suburb of Rotorua, New Zealand.	Rotorua International Stadium	New Zealand
country	Haig-Thomas Island is one of the Sverdrup Islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Haig-Thomas Island	Canada
country	Trier-Föhren Airport (German: Flugplatz Trier-Föhren) (ICAO: EDRT) is an airport serving Trier, a city in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Trier-Föhren Airport	Germany
country	In the 2001 Census of India, Mandi Dabwali had a population of 53811.	Mandi Dabwali	India
country	Nurnus (Armenian: Նուռնուս), is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Nurnus	Armenia
country	Gyöngyösoroszi is a village (Hungarian: falu) in Heves county, Hungary.	Gyöngyösoroszi	Hungary
country	Liaoyuan (simplified Chinese: 辽源; traditional Chinese: 遼源; pinyin: Liáoyuán) is a prefecture-level city in Jilin province, People's Republic of China.	Liaoyuan	People's Republic of China
country	Dhanmondi Lake is a lake located in the Dhanmondi residential area in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Dhanmondi Lake	Bangladesh
country	The Ryanggang Hotel is a first classhotel located in the Mangyongdae District of Pyongyang, North Korea.	Ryanggang Hotel	North Korea
country	The Ulug-Tanzekskoye mine is a large mine located in the southern part of Russia in Tuva.	Ulug-Tanzekskoye mine	Russia
country	Aiud (Romanian pronunciation: (aˈjud); Latin: Brucla, Hungarian: Nagyenyed, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈnɒɟɛɲɛd); German: Straßburg am Mieresch) is a city located in Alba county, Transylvania, Romania.	Aiud	Romania
country	Kulan Kuh (Persian: كولانكوه‎, also Romanized as Kūlān Kūh; also known as Kalān Kūh) is a village in Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kulan Kuh	Iran
country	Khuzi (Persian: خوزي‎, also Romanized as Khūzī; also known as Hūzi) is a village in Khuzi Rural District, Varavi District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khuzi	Iran
country	Htigyaing Township or Tigyaing Township is a township of Katha District in eastern Sagaing Division, in northern Burma (Myanmar).	Htigyaing Township	Myanmar
country	Kooyoora State Park is a state park in Victoria, Australia located 220 kilometres (140 mi) northwest of Melbourne, and 12 km west of Inglewood.	Kooyoora State Park	Australia
country	The Chuvash Republic (Russian: Чува́шская Респу́блика -- Чува́шия, Chuvashskaya Respublika -- Chuvashiya; Chuvash: Чăваш Республики, Chăvash Respubliki), or Chuvashia (Russian: Чува́шия Chuvashiya; Chuvash: Чăваш Ен, Chăvash En) for short, is a federal subject of Russia (a republic).	Chuvashia	Russia
country	Rjoandefossen is a waterfall in the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Rjoandefossen	Norway
country	Dog Rock is a large, natural granite outcrop that juts from the ground along Middleton Road between Middleton Beach and the centre of Albany in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.	Dog Rock	Australia
country	Deidesheim is a town in the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany with some 3,700 inhabitants.	Deidesheim	Germany
country	Osmangazi is one of the central metropolitan districts of the city of Bursa in Bursa Province, as well as the fourth largest overall municipality in Turkey.	Osmangazi	Turkey
country	Bid Hal (Persian: بيدهل‎, also Romanized as Bīd Ḩal and Bīd Hel; also known as Bīd Gol and Eslāmābād) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bid Hal	Iran
country	Caiari Airport, formerly (IATA: PVH), was the airport that served Porto Velho, Brazil until 1969, when Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira International Airport was opened.	Caiari Airport	Brazil
country	Sea Life Porto is an aquarium located in Porto, Portugal.	Sea Life Porto	Portugal
country	Tofla (also spelled Toafla) is a village in central Ivory Coast.	Tofla	Ivory Coast
country	Alhaurín el Grande is a town located in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.	Alhaurín el Grande	Spain
country	Najahid dynasty (Arabic: بنو نجاح‎; Banū Najāḥ) was a slave dynasty of Abyssinian origin founded in Zabid in the Tihama (lowlands) region of Yemen around 1050 AD.	Najahid dynasty	Yemen
country	Gaasbeek Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Gaasbeek), today a national museum, is located in the municipality of Lennik in the province of Flemish Brabant, Belgium.	Gaasbeek Castle	Belgium
country	Pučišća (Croatian pronunciation: (pûtʃiːʃt͡ɕa), Italian: Pucischie) is a municipality in Croatia on the island of Brač in the Split-Dalmatia County.	Pučišća	Croatia
country	The Nino Konis Santana National Park is East Timor's first national park.	Nino Konis Santana National Park	East Timor
country	Lighthouse Reef is an atoll in the Caribbean Sea, the easternmost part of the Belize Barrier Reef, about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Belize City.	Lighthouse Reef	Belize
country	Tumed Left Banner (Mongolian: ᠲᠦᠮᠡᠳ ᠵᠡᠭᠦᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Tümed Jegün qosiɣu; Chinese: 土默特左旗; pinyin: Tǔmòtè Zuǒqí) is a banner of west-central Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Tumed Left Banner	People's Republic of China
country	2CA is a commercial radio station on the AM band in Canberra, Australia, which originally began broadcasting on 1050 kHz changing to 1053 kHz in 1978.	2CA	Australia
country	The Biedenkopf transmitter was one of the few transmitters in Germany to use the Band I for TV broadcasting.	Biedenkopf transmitter	Germany
country	Mmadinare is a village that is located in the Central District of Botswana, 15 kilometers from Selibe Phikwe.	Mmadinare	Botswana
country	The Neruch River (Russian: Неручь) is a river in Oryol Oblast in Russia, a tributary of Zusha.	Neruch River	Russia
country	Hudi Bitek (Croatian pronunciation: (xûːdi bîtek)) is a village on the outskirts of Zagreb, Croatia.	Hudi Bitek	Croatia
country	Phu Chi Fa (Thai: ภูชี้ฟ้า), also Phu Chee Fah, is a mountain area and national forest park in Thailand.	Phu Chi Fa	Thailand
country	Alfeiousa (Greek: Αλφειούσα, before 1927: Βολάντζα - Volantza) is a village in the municipal unit of Volakas, Elis, Greece.	Alfeiousa	Greece
country	Tərxanlı (also, Tarkhanly and Tarkanly) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Tərxanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Klil (Hebrew: כְּלִיל) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Klil	Israel
country	Car Nicobar Air Force Base (IATA: CBD, ICAO: VOCX) is located in IAF Camp village, on Car Nicobar Island in the Union Territory of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India.	Car Nicobar Air Force Base	India
country	Wola Łagowska (ˈvɔla waˈɡɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Łagowska	Poland
country	Ziemianki (ʑeˈmjanki) (German: Schönbund) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Ziemianki	Poland
country	Kisewo (kiˈsɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kisewo	Poland
country	The Perth River is a river located in the Southern Alps in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Perth River	New Zealand
country	Tuat or Touat (Berber language: ⵜⵓⵡⴰⵜ, Tuwat) is a natural region of desert in central Algeria that contains a string of small oases.	Tuat	Algeria
country	Scotch Old Collegians Football Club (SOCFC) is an Australian Rules Football club located in Torrens Park, South Australia, playing in the South Australian Amateur Football League.	Scotch Old Collegians Football Club	Australia
country	Timergara is the district headquarters of Lower Dir District in Pakistan.	Timergara	Pakistan
country	Shikahogh (Armenian: Շիկահող), is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Shikahogh	Armenia
country	Majdy (ˈmai̯dɨ) (German: Mauden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Majdy	Poland
country	Horslunde Church (Danish: Horslunde Kirke) is located in the village of Horslunde on the island of Lolland, Denmark.	Horslunde Church	Denmark
country	Hillside Engineering Group is a trading division of the rail operator KiwiRail in Dunedin, New Zealand.	Hillside Engineering	New Zealand
country	Uburu Ekwe is an autonomous community in Ekwe Community in Isu Local Government Area of Imo State, Nigeria.	Uburu Ekwe	Nigeria
country	Mizque Airport (ICAO: SLMZ) is a public use airport located 2 nm west-northwest of Mizque, Cochabamba, Bolivia.	Mizque Airport	Bolivia
country	Qoçulu (also, Kochulu) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qoçulu	Azerbaijan
country	Saint-Germain-sur-l'Arbresle is a former commune in the Rhône department in Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.	Saint-Germain-sur-l'Arbresle	France
country	Cierzpice (t͡ɕɛʂˈpit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cierzpice	Poland
country	Meerut Institute of Engineering and Technology (MIET) is an engineering institute located on NH-58 Meerut-Delhi Bypass, Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Meerut Institute of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Chek Cheg (Persian: چك چگ‎) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chek Cheg	Iran
country	Meringur is a farming settlement to the west of Mildura in northwestern Victoria, Australia.	Meringur	Australia
country	Gösgen District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland, situated to the northeast of the canton.	Gösgen District	Switzerland
country	Przydroże Wielkie (pʂɨˈdrɔʐɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Przydroże Wielkie	Poland
country	The Lady Reading Hospital is located at Peshawar in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan.	Lady Reading Hospital	Pakistan
country	Archipelago National Park (Swedish: Skärgårdshavets nationalpark, Finnish: Saaristomeren kansallispuisto) is a national park in Southwest Finland.	Archipelago National Park	Finland
country	Lycée Vincent van Gogh La Haye-Amsterdam is a French international school in the Netherlands.	Lycée Vincent van Gogh La Haye-Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Ningdu County (Chinese: 宁都县; pinyin: Níngdū Xiàn) is a county, under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou, in Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Ningdu County	People's Republic of China
country	Kilingi-Nõmme is a town in Pärnu County, southwestern Estonia.	Kilingi-Nõmme	Estonia
country	Batu Kawa is a suburban area located right next to the 3rd Mile Roundabout in Kuching Division, State of Sarawak in Malaysia.	Batu Kawa	Malaysia
country	Chakhar Chamani (Persian: چاخرچمني‎, also Romanized as Chākhar Chamanī and Chākher Chamanī; also known as Chahār Chaman) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chakhar Chamani	Iran
country	Dhaka College (Bengali: ঢাকা কলেজ) is a public college, located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Dhaka College	Bangladesh
country	Ratitovec (sometimes also called Altemaver) is a 1678 m mountain in Slovenia, part of the Julian Alps.	Ratitovec	Slovenia
country	The Campbell Plateau is a large submarine plateau to the south of New Zealand and the Chatham Rise.	Campbell Plateau	New Zealand
country	Mionići (Serbian Cyrillic: Мионићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mionići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Garhi Khuda Bakhsh (Urdu: گڑھی خدا بخش‎) is a village in Ratodero Taluka near Naudero, Sindh, Pakistan.	Garhi Khuda Bakhsh	Pakistan
country	Shedin Peak is the highest mountain in the Atna Range and in the Skeena Mountains of northern British Columbia, Canada, located 77 km (48 mi) north of Hazelton at the head of Rosenthal Creek.	Shedin Peak	Canada
country	Tarbes (French pronunciation: ​(taʁb)) is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in the Midi-Pyrénées region of southwestern France.	Tarbes	France
country	The Arrondissement of Eeklo (Dutch: Arrondissement Eeklo; French: Arrondissement d'Eeklo) is one of the six administrative arrondissements in the Province of East Flanders, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Eeklo	Belgium
country	The Brisbane Valley railway line was a railway connection in Queensland, Australia connecting Ipswich, west of Brisbane, to the upper Brisbane River valley.	Brisbane Valley railway line	Australia
country	The Aigeira Municipal Stadium (Greek: Δημοτικό Στάδιο Αιγείρας, known as ``San Christo'') is a sport venue in Aigeira, Greece, the home ground of FC Panegiratikos.	Aigeira Municipal Stadium	Greece
country	Owli-ye Jonubi (Persian: اولي جنوبي‎, also Romanized as Owlī-ye Jonūbī; also known as Olī-ye Jonūbī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Owli-ye Jonubi	Iran
country	Mount Barbaro or Mount Gauro in Italy Monte Barbaro or Monte Gauro, is one of the eruptive vents of the Phlegraean Fields, a volcanic field of Italy located in Campania.	Mount Barbaro	Italy
country	Velesovo (pronounced (ʋɛˈleːsɔʋɔ); German: Michelstetten) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Velesovo	Slovenia
country	Columbia International College is a private boarding preparatory school in the Ainslie Wood neighbourhood of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Columbia International College	Canada
country	Mast Bandi (Persian: ماست بندي‎, also Romanized as Māst Bandī) is a village in Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mast Bandi	Iran
country	Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba (also known as Autódromo de Pinhais and Circuito Raul Boesel) is a motorsport circuit located in Pinhais, Brazil.	Autódromo Internacional de Curitiba	Brazil
country	Cape Otway Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Cape Otway in southern Victoria, Australia.	Cape Otway Lighthouse	Australia
country	The Hot Ice Show is a long-running ice show at Pleasure Beach, Blackpool in England, United Kingdom.	Hot Ice Show	United Kingdom
country	The Dollberge are a small mountain range in the northern Saarland and the adjoining part of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany.	Dollberge	Germany
country	Tampereen monitoimiareena or unofficially before Tampere Central Arena is an indoor arena in Tampere in Finland that is currently in the planning stages.	Tampereen monitoimiareena	Finland
country	Nusbaum is a municipality in the district Bitburg-Prüm in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, situated in the southern part of the Eifel.	Nusbaum	Germany
country	The Madikwe Game Reserve is a protected area in South Africa, part of the latest park developments in the country.	Madikwe Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Yèbles is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Yèbles	France
country	Brattvær Church (Norwegian: Brattvær kirke) is a parish church in Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Brattvær Church	Norway
country	Dziwigórz (d͡ʑiˈviɡuʂ) (German: Diesdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dziwigórz	Poland
country	Honoratów (xɔnɔˈratuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Honoratów	Poland
country	San Carlos and San Ambrosio Seminary is a seminary in Havana, Cuba.	San Carlos and San Ambrosio Seminary	Cuba
country	Moshi Airport (IATA: QSI, ICAO: HTMS) is an airport in northeastern Tanzania serving the municipality of Moshi.	Moshi Airport	Tanzania
country	Vranidoll (in Albanian) or Vrani Do (in Serbian; Врани До) is a village in the municipality of Pristina, in central Kosovo.	Vranidoll	Kosovo
country	Rua Unidade Africana (Portuguese for ``African Unity'') is a street in Mindelo, Cape Verde, running from Avenida Marginal to the historic Palácio do Povo (then the Palácio do Governador).	Rua Unidade Africana	Cape Verde
country	Villa Carlotta is a villa in Northern Italy on Lake Como.	Villa Carlotta	Italy
country	Krustpils Castle (German:Kreutzburg, PolishKrzyżbork) is a castle in Jēkabpils, Latvia.	Krustpils Castle	Latvia
country	Artifacts from Bab edh-Dhra are on display at Karak Archaeological Museum in Jordan; the Kelso Bible Lands Museum housed at Pittsburgh Theological Seminary in Pittsburgh, PA, USA; and the British Museum in London.	Bab edh-Dhra	Jordan
country	Mariannhill is a little suburb near Pinetown in KwaZulu Natal, South Africa.	Mariannhill	South Africa
country	The Moravian Gate (Czech: Moravská brána, Polish: Brama Morawska, German: Mährische Pforte, Slovak: Moravská brána) is a geomorphological feature in the Moravian region of the Czech Republic.	Moravian Gate	Czech Republic
country	Vani (Georgian: ვანი) is a town in Imereti region of western Georgia, at the Sulori river (a tributary of the Rioni river), 41 km southwest from the regional capital Kutaisi.	Vani	Georgia
country	Rożnica (rɔʐˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Rożnica	Poland
country	Châteauroux-Déols Air Base (IATA: CHR, ICAO: LFLX) is a former United States Air Force base in France.	Châteauroux-Déols Air Base	France
country	Nerkin Dzhrapi (also, Chirpili, Jrapi, and Dzhrapi) is a former town in the Shirak Province of Armenia which was intentionally flooded by the Akhurian reservoir.	Nerkin Dzhrapi	Armenia
country	Ərmənət (also, Armenat and Ermenet) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərmənət	Azerbaijan
country	Villavicencio (Spanish pronunciation: (biʎaβiˈsensjo)) is a city and municipality in Colombia, capital of Meta department, with 361,058 inhabitants (2005 census).	Villavicencio	Colombia
country	Shah-i-Zinda (Uzbek: Shohizinda; Persian: شاه زنده‎, meaning ``The Living King'') is a necropolis in the north-eastern part of Samarkand, Uzbekistan.	Shah-i-Zinda	Uzbekistan
country	Keflavík (pronounced (ˈcʰɛplaˌviːk), meaning Driftwood Bay) is a town in the Reykjanes region in southwest Iceland.	Keflavík	Iceland
country	Christofle is a manufacturer of fine silver flatware and home accessories based in France.	Christofle	France
country	CIMA-FM (92.1 myFM) is an FM radio station, operating on the frequency of 92.1 MHz in Alliston, Ontario, Canada.	CIMA-FM	Canada
country	Nigrita (Greek: Νιγρίτα) is a town and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Nigrita	Greece
country	Deh-e Kowsar (Persian: ده كوثر‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Kows̄ar and Deh Kows̄ar) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kowsar	Iran
country	The Sekenke Gold Mine (German: Sachsenwald, ``Saxon Forest'') was an underground gold mine in the Singida Region of Tanzania.	Sekenke Gold Mine	Tanzania
country	The Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Building and Nuclear Safety, (German: Bundesministerium für Umwelt, Naturschutz, Bau und Reaktorsicherheit), abbreviated BMUB, is a cabinet-level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany.	Federal Ministry for the Environment, Nature Conservation, Building and Nuclear Safety	Germany
country	Mombach, with about 13,000 inhabitants, is a borough in the northwest corner of Mainz, Germany.	Mombach	Germany
country	Ağbaşlar (also, Agbashlar) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağbaşlar	Azerbaijan
country	Kahramanmaraş Sütçüimam University (KSU) is a public university founded 1992 in Kahramanmaraş, Turkey.	Kahramanmaraş Sütçüimam University	Turkey
country	Tarnów (Polish pronunciation: (ˈtarnuf); German: Tarnau; Yiddish: טארנא‎, Torna) is a city in southeastern Poland with 115,341 inhabitants (metro area 269,000 inhabitants) as of June 2009.	Tarnów	Poland
country	Molochny (Russian: Моло́чный) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula on the lower Kola River, 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) south of Murmansk.	Molochny	Russia
country	Preljina is a small town in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia.	Preljina	Serbia
country	Miramare Castle (Italian: Castello di Miramare; German: Schloss Miramar; Slovene: Grad Miramar) is a 19th-century castle on the Gulf of Trieste near Trieste, northeastern Italy.	Miramare Castle	Italy
country	The American School of Bangkok (ASB, Thai: โรงเรียนอเมริกันกรุงเทพ), a member of the International Schools Association of Thailand, is an international school located in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area, Thailand.	American School of Bangkok	Thailand
country	Gadpuk (Persian: گدپوك‎, also Romanized as Gadpūk; also known as Gowdeh-ye Yūk) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gadpuk	Iran
country	Fletchers Glen is a small but very diverse temperate rainforest in Bouddi National Park in New South Wales, Australia.	Fletchers Glen	Australia
country	Keurboomstrand is a resort town near Plettenberg Bay on the Western Cape of South Africa.	Keurboomstrand	South Africa
country	Tirano railway station (RFI) is one of two railway stations within the town and comune of Tirano, in the region of Lombardy, northern Italy.	Tirano railway station (RFI)	Italy
country	Goruša (Serbian: Горуша) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Goruša	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Spectacle Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, comprising c. 54 ha.	Spectacle Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	Last executions in Italy took place on March 4, 1947, following the Villarbasse massacre.	Villarbasse	Italy
country	Cabramatta High School is the local high school of Cabramatta, an urbanised suburb located in south-west Sydney, Australia.	Cabramatta High School	Australia
country	Parliament House, Perth is located on Harvest Terrace in West Perth, Western Australia.	Parliament House, Perth	Australia
country	Untereisenbach (Luxembourgish: Ënnereesbech or Eesbech) is a village in the commune of Hosingen, in northern Luxembourg.	Untereisenbach	Luxembourg
country	Mała Dęba (ˈmawa ˈdɛmba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Mała Dęba	Poland
country	Oraczewice (ɔrat͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Oraczewice	Poland
country	Tube Alloys was a codename of the clandestine research and development programme, authorised by the Government of the United Kingdom with participation from Canada, aiming to develop nuclear weapons for the United Kingdom's nuclear weapons programme during the Second World War.	Tube Alloys	United Kingdom
country	Stadio Domenico Francioni, is a multi-purpose stadium in Latina, Lazio, Italy.	Stadio Domenico Francioni	Italy
country	The Ulungur River or Urungu (Mongolian: Өрөнгө гол, Öröngö Gol; Chinese: 乌伦古河 Wūlúngǔ hé), in its upper reaches in Mongolia known as the Bulgan River (Mongolian: Булган гол), is a river of China and Mongolia.	Ulungur River	Mongolia
country	The Loos Memorial is a World War I memorial forming the sides and rear of Dud Corner Cemetery, located near the commune of Loos-en-Gohelle, in the Pas-de-Calais département of France.	Loos Memorial	France
country	The Tha Thung Na Dam (Thai: เขื่อนท่าทุ่งนา) is a multi-purpose hydroelectric dam in the Mueang District of Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand.	Tha Thung Na Dam	Thailand
country	Tulca (Hungarian: Tulka) is a commune in Bihor county, in the Western Plains of Romania.	Tulca	Romania
country	Arribes del Duero Natural Park is a protected area in western Spain, covering 106.105 ha in the autonomous community of Castile and León.	Arribes del Duero Natural Park	Spain
country	B Engineering is a small-volume automobile manufacturer located in Italy.	B Engineering	Italy
country	Dame Street (Irish: Sráid an Dáma) is a large thoroughfare in Dublin, Ireland.	Dame Street	Ireland
country	Gonen (Hebrew: גּוֹנֵן, lit. Defended) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Gonen	Israel
country	The Furgghorn (German, Italian: Cima del Breuil) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the boundary between the canton of Valais (Switzerland) and Aosta Valley (northern Italy).	Furgghorn	Switzerland	Italy
country	The Model Town Park (former Nawaz Sharif Park) is a family park and also a golf course located in Model Town, Lahore, Pakistan.	Model Town Park	Pakistan
country	Pirapitinga Ecological Station is an ecological station in Brazil, on an island in the lake formed by the dam in Três Marias, Minas Gerais.	Pirapitinga Ecological Station	Brazil
country	Banr (Pashto: بنړ)is an administrative unit, known as Union council or Wards in Tehsil Babuzai, of Swat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Banr	Pakistan
country	Galatasaray High School (Turkish: Galatasaray Lisesi, French: Lycée de Galatasaray) is one of the most influential high schools in modern Turkey.	Galatasaray High School	Turkey
country	Purmer is a polder and reclaimed lake in the Netherlands province of North Holland, located between the towns of Purmerend and Edam-Volendam.	Purmer	Netherlands
country	Fier (Albanian: Fier or Fieri) is a city and a municipality in Fier County in southwest Albania.	Fier	Albania
country	Mindat District (Burmese: မင်တပ်ခရိုင်) is a district of the Chin State in Myanmar.	Mindat District	Myanmar
country	Marija Bistrica (Croatian pronunciation: (mǎrija bîstrit͡sa)) is a town and municipality in the Krapina-Zagorje County in central Croatia, located on the slopes of the Medvednica mountain in the Hrvatsko Zagorje region north of the capital Zagreb.	Marija Bistrica	Croatia
country	Chah-e Milak (Persian: چاه ميلك‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mīlak) is a village in Abarj Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah-e Milak	Iran
country	Arco de los Blanco is an archway of the Castillo de la Villa in Cádiz, southern Spain.	Arco de los Blanco	Spain
country	The Mastigouche Wildlife Reserve is a Quebec Wildlife Reserve located in the administrative regions of the Mauricie and Lanaudière, Quebec, in Canada.	Mastigouche Wildlife Reserve	Canada
country	Radisson Blu City Centre Chennai is a 12-storied five-star hotel located in Egmore, Chennai, India.	Radisson Blu City Centre	India
country	Sib Chal (Persian: سيب چال‎, also Romanized as Sīb Chāl) is a village in Cheshmeh Saran Rural District, Cheshmeh Saran District, Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sib Chal	Iran
country	McDowell Lake First Nation (Oji-Cree: Misi-zhaaga'iganiing) is a small Oji-Cree First Nation band government located in Northern Ontario, located approximately 155 km northeast of Red Lake, Ontario, Canada, on the central western shore of McDowell Lake.	McDowell Lake First Nation	Canada
country	Rosaneves is a neighbourhood of the Ribeirão das Neves town, metropolitan region of Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais state, Brazil.	Rosaneves	Brazil
country	Harbin Railway Bureau is the first Railway Bureau established by People's Republic of China Government, of which the railway density is the highest in China.	Harbin	People's Republic of China
country	Kuoloyarvi (Russian: Куолоярви, Finnish: Kuolajärvi) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located north of the Arctic Circle at an altitude of 191 meters (627 ft) above sea level.	Kuoloyarvi	Russia
country	Faloreia (Greek: Φαλωρεία) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Faloreia	Greece
country	Bori Bunder (alternatively ``Bori Bandar'') was one of the areas along the Eastern shore line of Mumbai, India.	Bori Bunder	India
country	Deliblato (Serbian Cyrillic: Делиблато) is a village in Serbia, situated in the Kovin municipality in the Vojvodina province.	Deliblato	Serbia
country	Gomyek-e Sofla (Persian: گميك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gomyeh-e Soflá; also known as Gowmyek-e Soflá) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gomyek-e Sofla	Iran
country	Livadero (Greek: Λιβαδερό) is a village and a former community in Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Livadero	Greece
country	Luszawa (luˈʂava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrówek, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Luszawa	Poland
country	Çolaxlı (also, Çolaqlı, Cholagly, and Cholakhly) is a village in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çolaxlı	Azerbaijan
country	Busko-Zdrój (ˈbuskɔ ˈzdrui̯) ( listen) is a spa town in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, Poland.	Busko-Zdrój	Poland
country	Çankırı Karatekin University (Turkish:Çankırı Karatekin Üniversitesi) is a university located in Çankırı, Turkey.	Çankırı Karatekin University	Turkey
country	Quartier Général d'Aboville, formerly Chaumont-Semoutiers Air Base, is a French Army artillery base in France.	Quartier Général d'Aboville	France
country	Agarovići (Serbian: Агаровићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Agarovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lake Murray Airport is an airport at Lake Murray, Papua New Guinea.	Lake Murray Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	The Agreement between the government of the United Kingdom and the government of the United States relating to Air Services between their respective Territories (Bermuda Agreement), reached in 1946 by American and British negotiators in Bermuda, was an early bilateral air transport agreement regulating civil air transport.	Bermuda Agreement	United Kingdom
country	Maniototo Area School is an area school in Ranfurly, Central Otago, New Zealand, serving students aged 5--18.	Maniototo Area School	New Zealand
country	The Aganozersky mine is a large mine in the north-west of Russia in Republic of Karelia.	Aganozersky mine	Russia
country	The National Coach Museum (Portuguese: Museu Nacional dos Coches) is located in the Belém district of Lisbon, in Portugal.	National Coach Museum	Portugal
country	Sela pri Dobu (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈdoːbu); German: Selo bei Dob) is a small settlement just south of Dob pri Šentvidu in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Sela pri Dobu	Slovenia
country	Komiža experiences warm and temperate winters with warm to hot summers with the landward breeze making it the most moderate climate in the Republic of Croatia.	Komiža	Croatia
country	The Minister for States and Frontier Regions Minister of Pakistan heads the Ministry of States and Frontier Regions.	Minister for States and Frontier Regions	Pakistan
country	Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi (literally ``The Football Club of Helsinki'', simply known as HJK and HJK Helsinki) is a professional football club based in Helsinki, Finland.	Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi	Finland
country	As of the 2001 India census, Virajpet had a population of 30000.	Virajpet	India
country	Hlobyne (Ukrainian: Глобине, Russian: Глобино) is a city in Poltava Oblast, Ukraine.	Hlobyne	Ukraine
country	Sinekçiler, Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli, Aydın Province, Turkey.	Sinekçiler, Nazilli	Turkey
country	Berote Khurd is subdivision of Berote Kalan Union Council in Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan, it has a population of 2,500.	Berote Khurd	Pakistan
country	Mish-e Now (Persian: ميش نو‎, also Romanized as Mīsh-e Now) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mish-e Now	Iran
country	Stary Machnów (ˈstarɨ ˈmaxnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Stary Machnów	Poland
country	The University of Lausanne (UNIL, French: Université de Lausanne) in Lausanne, Switzerland was founded in 1537 as a school of theology, before being made a university in 1890.	University of Lausanne	Switzerland
country	Stadion Albert Flórián was a sports stadium in Budapest, Hungary.	Stadion Albert Flórián	Hungary
country	Rotenburg an der Wümme (until May 1969: Rotenburg in Hannover) is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Rotenburg an der Wümme	Germany
country	The Spanish Republican Navy was the naval arm of the Armed Forces of the Second Spanish Republic, the legally established government of Spain between 1931 and 1939.	Spanish Republican Navy	Second Spanish Republic
country	The Agaskyrskoe mine is a large molybdenum mine located in the south of Russia in Khakassia.	Agaskyrskoe mine	Russia
country	Zacazonapan (pronounced sah-kah-soh-NAH-pahn) is a village and municipality near Mexico City.	Zacazonapan	Mexico
country	The ruins of Metapontum are located in the frazione of Metaponto, in the comune of Bernalda, in the Province of Matera, Basilicata region, Italy.	Metapontum	Italy
country	Baryaji Rural District (Persian: دهستان برياجي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baryaji Rural District	Iran
country	Total Swimming is a company based in the United Kingdom that specialises in the delivery of swimming at grassroots level.	Total Swimming	United Kingdom
country	Kalma Chowk (Urdu, Western Punjabi: کلمہ چوک) is a famous town square, chowk and road intersection in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Kalma Chowk	Pakistan
country	Sete Cidades National Park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional de Sete Cidades) is a national park of Brazil.	Sete Cidades National Park	Brazil
country	HR hosts annual Hallberg-Rassy Regattas in Sweden, in the UK, the Netherlands, in the USA (east and west coast) and in Italy (since 2004; Punta Ala).	Hallberg-Rassy	Sweden
country	Aphrodisias (/æfrəˈdɪsiəs/; Ancient Greek: Ἀφροδισιάς Aphrodisiás) was a small ancient Greek city in the historic Caria cultural region of western Anatolia, Turkey.	Aphrodisias	Turkey
country	Mingora (also spelled Mingawara or Mangora or Mingaora) (Pashto: مینګورہ‎) is the largest commercial city in Swat District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Mingora	Pakistan
country	The Kolonjë District (Albanian: Rrethi i Kolonjës), is one of the thirty-six districts of Albania, part of Korçë County.	Kolonjë District	Albania
country	The Archbishop Mihayo University College of Tabora (AMUCTA) is a constituent college of St. Augustine University of Tabora, Tanzania.	Archbishop Mihayo University College of Tabora	Tanzania
country	Arang Kel is a lush green village, hill station and tourist spot in Neelam valley, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Arang Kel	Pakistan
country	Mesoropi (Greek: Μεσορόπη);is a village in the south-eastern part of the regional unit of Kavala in northern Greece.	Mesoropi	Greece
country	The Ngel Nyaki Forest Reserve is situated on the Mambilla Plateau in SE Nigeria, covering 46k m2.	Ngel Nyaki Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	Liktori ('Lictor') was a twice-weekly Albanian-Italian bilingual newspaper published from Korçë during the Italian occupation of Albania.	Liktori	Albania
country	Khulna University of Engineering & Technology (Bengali: খুলনা প্রকৌশল ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়, pronounced: (kʰulna prokowʃɔl o prodʒukt̪i biʃʃobid̪d̪alɔe̯)) commonly known as KUET ((kue̯eʈ); Bengali: কুয়েট), formerly BIT, Khulna, is a public university of Bangladesh emphasizing education and research on engineering and technology.	Khulna University of Engineering & Technology	Bangladesh
country	The Wilder Freiger (Italian: Cima Libera; German: Wilder Freiger) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol, Austria, and South Tyrol, Italy.	Wilder Freiger	Austria	Italy
country	Lachin Darrehsi (Persian: لاچين دره سي‎, also Romanized as Lāchīn Darrehsī and Lachīn Darrahsī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Lachin Darrehsi	Iran
country	Stanstead/Weller Airport, (TC LID: CTQ2), is located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) northeast of Stanstead, Quebec, Canada.	Stanstead/Weller Airport	Canada
country	Basketball Club ``BC'' Tigers Astana (Russian: Баскетбольный клуб ``БК'' Тигры Астана) or more commonly Astana Tigers (Russian: Тигры Астана) is a Kazakhstani basketball club based in the capital city of Astana in Kazakhstan.	Astana Tigers	Kazakhstan
country	Oleśno (ɔˈlɛɕnɔ) (German: Preussisch Königsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Oleśno	Poland
country	The Leards Range Lights are a set of two range lights (rear and front) on Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Leards Range Lights	Canada
country	Varaq (Persian: ورق‎) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Varaq	Iran
country	Asfal (Persian: اسفل‎, also Romanized as Esfal) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Asfal	Iran
country	Taluk Thiam (Thai: ตลุกเทียม) is a subdistrict in the Phrom Phiram District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Taluk Thiam	Thailand
country	Le Cours (Ar C'hour in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Le Cours	France
country	Mehammarsåta or Midhamarsåta is the highest mountain on the island of Stord in the municipality of Stord in Hordaland county, Norway.	Mehammarsåta	Norway
country	Kapiniškiai is an ethnographic village in Lithuania.	Kapiniškiai	Lithuania
country	Namaacha District is a district of Maputo Province in southern Mozambique.	Namaacha District	Mozambique
country	Senapati Cricket Stadium or Bokaro Cricket Stadium or Bokaro Steel City Cricket Stadium is a sports stadium located in Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand, India.	Senapati Cricket Stadium	India
country	The Eddystone Lighthouse is on the dangerous Eddystone Rocks, 9 statute miles (14 km) south of Rame Head, England, United Kingdom.	Eddystone Lighthouse	United Kingdom
country	Abdet (Valencian: (abˈdet), Spanish: (aβˈðet)) is a small village in the Guadalest Valley of the Costa Blanca, Valencian Community in Spain.	Abdet	Spain
country	Walce (ˈvalt͡sɛ) is a village in Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Walce	Poland
country	Gibara (Spanish pronunciation: (xiˈβaɾa)) is a town and municipality of the Province of Holguín in the Republic of Cuba.	Gibara	Cuba
country	Faber Towers is a twin tower skyscraper in Taman Desa, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Faber Towers	Malaysia
country	Since CIDC-FM in Toronto went exclusively top 40, CJFM-FM is the only radio station in Canada playing dance top 40 music daily, as the station airs dance shows nightly Sundays to Thursdays from midnight to 3am, and Fridays and Saturdays from 7pm to 5am.	CJFM-FM	Canada
country	Ernst-Hoferichter-Preis is a literary prize of Germany.	Ernst-Hoferichter-Preis	Germany
country	Umeå (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈʉːmɛo), local pronunciation: (ˈʉːmɛ); South Westrobothnian (²ʉːm); Ume Sami: Ubmeje, Southern Sami: Upmeje, Finnish: Uumaja, Northern Sami: Ubmi) is a town in northern Sweden.	Umeå	Sweden
country	Qinar-e Sofla (Persian: قينرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Qīnar-e Soflá; also known as Qīz-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qinar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Gare de Saint-Omer-en-Chaussée (Saint-Omer-en-Chaussée Station) is a rail station located in the commune of Saint-Omer-en-Chaussée in the Oise department, France.	Gare de Saint-Omer-en-Chaussée	France
country	Gondiswil (local dialect Gumiswil) is a municipality in the Oberaargau administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Gondiswil	Switzerland
country	Kamienna Góra-Gajówka (kaˈmjɛnna ˈɡura ɡaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kamienna Góra-Gajówka	Poland
country	Əncəqov is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əncəqov	Azerbaijan
country	Moładava (Belarusian: Моладава; Polish: Mołodów; Russian: Молодово) - is a township in Ivanava Raion of Brest Region in Belarus.	Moładava	Belarus
country	The Plabutsch Tunnel is an approximately 10 km long (east tunnel 9919m, west tunnel 10,085m) road tunnel west side of Graz, Austria.	Plabutsch Tunnel	Austria
country	Næstved Museum is located in Helligåndshuset (Hose of the Holy Spirit) in Næstved, central Zealand, Denmark.	Næstved Museum	Denmark
country	The Forest of Saint-Germain-en-Laye or Forêt de Saint-Germain-en-Laye, is a dominial forest of 35 km2 in area which lies in a meander of the River Seine, France.	Forest of Saint-Germain-en-Laye	France
country	Ghafurov District or Nohiya-i Ghafurov (Tajik: Ноҳияи Ғафуров, Persian: ناحیۀ غفورف‎) is a district in the northern part of Sughd province, Tajikistan.	Ghafurov District	Tajikistan
country	Mariánska hora, (781 m. above sea level), a hill above Levoča, Slovakia, with spectacular views over the town and countryside, is the location of the Basilica of the Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Slovak - Bazilika navštívenia Panny Márie), built between 1906 and 1922.	Mariánska hora	Slovakia
country	The Canadian Museums Association is a national organization for the promotion of museums in Canada.	Canadian Museums Association	Canada
country	Motta Montecorvino is a town and comune of the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	Motta Montecorvino	Italy
country	Zalian (Persian: زاليان‎, also Romanized as Zālīān, Zāleyān, and Zālīyān) is a village in Zalian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zalian	Iran
country	Rio de Janeiro State University (Portuguese: Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, UERJ) is one of the largest universities in Brazil.	Rio de Janeiro State University	Brazil
country	Tursunzoda (Tajik: Турсунзода, also Tursunzade from Russian spelling) is a city in western Tajikistan, known for its aluminium smelting plant TadAZ.	Tursunzoda	Tajikistan
country	Umm Dreiga (Arabic: أم دريكة‎) (or Oum Dreiga) is an oasis town in the Río de Oro area of Western Sahara.	Umm Dreiga	Western Sahara
country	Harzeneh (Persian: هرزنه‎; also known as Harzīneh) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Harzeneh	Iran
country	Cayo Santa María (Cay or ``Key'' of Santa Maria) is an island off Cuba's north central coast in the Jardines del Rey archipelago.	Cayo Santa María	Cuba
country	Najjera, sometimes spelled as Najjeera is a location in Kira Municipality, Wakiso District, Central Uganda.	Najjera	Uganda
country	Vila Nova River is a river of Amapá state in Brazil.	Vila Nova River	Brazil
country	The Fred Hollows Reserve is a local government--administered reserve that is located in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Fred Hollows Reserve	Australia
country	Roche Jacques is a mountain in Alberta's Rockies, Canada.	Roche Jacques	Canada
country	The 2013 European Short Course Swimming Championships took place in Herning, Denmark, from 12--15 December 2013.	2013 European Short Course Swimming Championships	Denmark
country	Churchill Park School is a co-ed primary and intermediate school in Glendowie, Auckland, New Zealand.	Churchill Park School	New Zealand
country	The Saschiz fortified church (Romanian: Biserica fortificată din Saschiz; German: Kirchenburg von Keisd) is a Lutheran fortified church in Saschiz (Keisd), Mureș County, in the Transylvania region of Romania.	Saschiz fortified church	Romania
country	Chatrud District (Persian: بخش چترود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chatrud District	Iran
country	La Santísima Church is located 12 La Santísima Street at corner of Emiliano Zapata Street in the historic center of Mexico City.	La Santísima Church	Mexico
country	Tikmah Ajam (Persian: تيكمه عجم‎, also Romanized as Tīkmah ``Ajam) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 130, in 30 families.	Tikmah Ajam	Iran
country	Al Rostamani Maze Tower is a skyscraper located along Sheikh Zayed Road in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Al Rostamani Maze Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	The Adelaide Morning Chronicle was a newspaper published in Adelaide, South Australia during 1852 and 1853.	Adelaide Morning Chronicle	Australia
country	Tresticklan National Park (Swedish: Tresticklan nationalpark) is located in the municipality of Dals-Ed in northwestern Dalsland, Sweden, along the Norwegian border.	Tresticklan National Park	Sweden
country	The Amsterdam Pipe Museum (formerly Dutch: Pijpenkabinet, ``pipe cabinet'') is a museum in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, dedicated to smoking pipes, tobacco, and related paraphernalia.	Amsterdam Pipe Museum	Netherlands
country	The Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía (MNCARS, also called the Museo Reina Sofía, Queen Sofía Museum, El Reina Sofía, or simply The Sofia) is Spain's national museum of 20th-century art. The museum was officially inaugurated on September 10, 1992 and is named for Queen Sofía.	Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía	Spain
country	Jugirkanda is a village in Otra Union or Wazirpur Upazila, Barisal District in Bangladesh.	Jugirkanda	Bangladesh
country	The Voies Ferrées des Landes (VFL) was founded in 1916 from the merger of three short line railway companies in the Landes forest region of Gascony, France.	Voies Ferrées des Landes	France
country	Johan Nygaardsvolds plass is a town square in Oslo, Norway.	Johan Nygaardsvolds plass	Norway
country	UK Islamic Mission is an Islamic organization in the United Kingdom founded both to ``serve the Muslim community'', and as ``an ideological movement'' to ``mould the entire human life according to Allah's revealed Guidance''.	UK Islamic Mission	United Kingdom
country	Agios Georgios Lefkas (Greek: Άγιος Γεώργιος Λεύκας) is an abandoned village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, and it lies within the UN Buffer Zone.	Agios Georgios Lefkas	Cyprus
country	The World Trade Centre Montreal (in French, Centre de Commerce mondial de Montréal) is an office and hotel complex located in the Quartier international district of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	World Trade Centre Montreal	Canada
country	Thorpe Bank is the name of a large bank south-east of Mahe island in the Seychelles.	Thorpe Bank	Seychelles
country	Karlievo (Bulgarian: Карлиево) is a village in western Bulgaria.	Karlievo	Bulgaria
country	Tukzar or Tokzar or Tugzar is a town in Sancharak district of Sar-e Pol Province, Afghanistan.	Tukzar	Afghanistan
country	Bakkaflói is a large bay in eastern Iceland, to the north of Bakkafjordur and to the southeast of Langanes.	Bakkaflói	Iceland
country	Ganthem Church (Swedish: Ganthems kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby (Sweden).	Ganthem Church	Sweden
country	Katora is a village in near Baikunthpur in Koriya district of Chhattisgarh state of India.	Katora	India
country	Litovel (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɪtovɛl); German: Littau) is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Litovel	Czech Republic
country	Dzhanka (Bulgarian: Джанка, ``damson'') is a village in Krumovgrad municipality, Kardzhali Province in the very south of Bulgaria, located in the Eastern Rhodopes.	Dzhanka	Bulgaria
country	Fojnica is a town and municipality in central Bosnia and Herzegovina, located west of the capital Sarajevo.	Fojnica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Inđija (Serbian Cyrillic: Инђија, pronounced (ǐndʑija)) is a town and a municipality located in Serbia.	Inđija	Serbia
country	Njupeskär is a waterfall in the river Njupån in Fulufjället National Park, Sweden.	Njupeskär	Sweden
country	Antigua Recreation Ground is the national stadium of Antigua and Barbuda.	Antigua Recreation Ground	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Middelburg (Dutch: (ˈmɪdəlˌbʏrx)) is a municipality and a city in the south-western Netherlands and the capital of the province of Zeeland.	Middelburg	Netherlands
country	1st International School of Ostrava (1stISO) is a private, coeducational school located in Ostrava, Czech Republic.	1st International School of Ostrava	Czech Republic
country	Ojinaga Municipality (formally: Manuel Ojinaga ) is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico.	Ojinaga Municipality	Mexico
country	Faro Airport (Portuguese: Aeroporto Internacional de Faro) (IATA: FAO, ICAO: LPFR), also known as Algarve Airport, is located 4 km (2.5 mi) to the west of Faro in Portugal.	Faro Airport	Portugal
country	Contadero (Spanish pronunciation: (kontaˈðero)) is a town and municipality in the Nariño Department, Colombia.	Contadero	Colombia
country	Kępiny Wielkie (kɛmˈpinɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Zeyersniederkampen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kępiny Wielkie	Poland
country	St. Mary's Cathedral, often known as Urakami Cathedral (Japanese: 浦上天主堂 Urakami Tenshudō) after its location Urakami, is a Roman Catholic church located in Motoomachi, Nagasaki, Japan.	Urakami Cathedral	Japan
country	Laitaure is a lake in Lapland, Sweden which is formed by the Rapa River.	Laitaure	Sweden
country	The Toronto Central Prison, also known as the Central Prison, Central Prison for Men, and more colloquially as The Toronto Jail (the third of four Toronto area jails to be given that nickname) was a prison in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Central Prison	Canada
country	The Rindermarktbrunnen or literally ``Cattle market fountain'' in English is a modern sculpture in the historical Altstadt of Munich, in Bavaria, Germany.	Rindermarktbrunnen	Germany
country	Andrupene parish (Latvian: Andrupenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Dagda Municipality, Latvia.	Andrupene parish	Latvia
country	The Contemporary Singers of Australia were a chamber choir based in Sydney, New South Wales, dedicated to the choral music of the 20th century.	The Contemporary Singers	Australia
country	Jeanette Kawas National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Jeannette Kawas) is a national park located in the municipality of Tela, on the northern Caribbean coast of the Atlántida department of Honduras.	Jeanette Kawas National Park	Honduras
country	Keilor Downs College is a high school which services the Keilor Downs area of Melbourne, Australia.	Keilor Downs College	Australia
country	Čepin (Hungarian: Csepin; German: Tschepin) is a town and municipality in Osijek-Baranja County, Croatia.	Čepin	Croatia
country	Manosque (Provençal Occitan: Manòsca in classical norm or Manosco in Mistralian norm) is the largest town and commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.	Manosque	France
country	The V&A Museum of Childhood in Bethnal Green in the East End of London is a branch of the Victoria and Albert Museum (the ``V&A''), which is the United Kingdom's national museum of applied arts.	V&A Museum of Childhood	United Kingdom
country	Collège Marie-Anne is a Catholic school founded in Port-au-Prince, Haiti in 1965 and transplanted to the parish of Christ-Roi in the borough of Bourdon in 1971.	Collège Marie-Anne	Haiti
country	Cerro Sechín (also Sechín de las Estelas) is an archaeological site in Casma Province of Ancash Region in northern Peru.	Cerro Sechín	Peru
country	The National Operations Council (NOC) or Majlis Gerakan Negara (MAGERAN) was an emergency administrative body which attempted to restore law and order in Malaysia after the 13 May Incident in 1969, when racial rioting broke out in the federal capital of Kuala Lumpur.	National Operations Council	Malaysia
country	Narjeh (Persian: نرجه‎, also Romanized as Nerjeh; also known as Nīrja) is a city in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Narjeh	Iran
country	Innachori (Greek: Δήμος Ινναχωρίου) is a group of villages and a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Innachori	Greece
country	Southorpe is a civil parish in the city of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, in the United Kingdom.	Southorpe	United Kingdom
country	Etzel Pass (el. 950 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.	Etzel Pass	Switzerland
country	Nitzan (Hebrew: ניצן‎, lit. Flower bud) is a religiously observant communal settlement in southern Israel.	Nitzan	Israel
country	Wilkowiecko (vilkɔˈvjɛt͡skɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wilkowiecko	Poland
country	Nioghalvfjerdsbrae (79°00′N 025°00′W), sometimes referred to as ``79 N Glacier'', is a large glacier located in northeast Greenland.	Nioghalvfjerdsbrae	Greenland
country	Mazga (Persian: مزگا‎, also Romanized as Mazgā) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mazga	Iran
country	These were the most common surnames in Westmorland at the time of the United Kingdom Census of 1881 by order of incidence.	Westmorland	United Kingdom
country	Koudo is an arrondissement in the Mono department of Benin.	Koudo	Benin
country	The University of Zurich (UZH, German: Universität Zürich), located in the city of Zürich, is the largest university in Switzerland, with over 26,000 students.	University of Zurich	Switzerland
country	The Ngadda River is a river in Nigeria that flows into Lake Chad and the Chad Basin.	Ngadda River	Nigeria
country	Tebowizna (tɛbɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tebowizna	Poland
country	Drumbess is a townland between Cornafean and Killeshandra in County Cavan, Ireland.	Drumbess	Ireland
country	Jarlsberg was a former countship that forms a part of today's Vestfold county in Norway.	Jarlsberg	Norway
country	The Swedish Workers Union (Swedish: Svenska arbetareförbundet, abbreviated SvA) was a labour organization in Sweden active between 1899 and 1919.	Swedish Workers Union	Sweden
country	Jernbanetorget (lit: The Railway Square) is a large square in Oslo, Norway, in front of Oslo Central Station.	Jernbanetorget	Norway
country	Gåsgränd (Swedish: ``Goose Alley'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Gåsgränd	Sweden
country	The Umhlametsi Game Reserve is a game reserve located next to Kruger National Park, in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Umhlametsi Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Gasetsho Gom Gewog (Dzongkha: དགའ་སེང་ཚོ་གོངམ་) is a gewog (village block) of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.	Gasetsho Gom Gewog	Bhutan
country	Galen University is an independent university in Belize, Central America, with Sustainable Development as one its core values.	Galen University	Belize
country	Rafaela (Spanish pronunciation: (rafaˈela)) is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, about 96 km from the provincial capital.	Rafaela	Argentina
country	The Melbourne Hotel is a heritage listed landmark hotel in Perth, Western Australia.	Melbourne Hotel	Australia
country	Beryozovskaya GRES is a coal-fired power plant near the town of Sharypovo in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Beryozovskaya GRES	Russia
country of citizenship	Mourad Zaoui was born in the Aïn Sebaâ district of Casablanca, Morocco on 23 April 1980.	Mourad Zaoui	Morocco
country of citizenship	César Marie Félix Ancey, administrator at Mascara, Algeria, was born in Marseille, France, 15 November 1860.	César Marie Félix Ancey	France
country of citizenship	Maria Nikitochkina (Russian: Мария Никиточкина, born 14 June 1979) is a former competitive figure skater who represented Belarus and Ukraine.	Maria Nikitochkina	Belarus
country of citizenship	David J. Reimer served as the interim leader of the Christian Heritage Party of Canada, effective February 1, 2014, succeeding Jim Hnatiuk, until November 7, 2014 when Rod Taylor was affirmed leader at the national leadership convention.	David J. Reimer	Canada
country of citizenship	Dana Reizniece-Ozola (born November 6, 1981 in Kuldīga) is the Minister of Economics of the Republic of Latvia.	Dana Reizniece-Ozola	Latvia
creator	Ayuready? was a Japanese talk show that ran from 2002 to 2004 which featured Ayumi Hamasaki singing with and interviewing several other pop stars.	Ayuready?	Ayumi Hamasaki
creator	The Beguiling of Merlin is a painting by the Pre-Raphaelite painter Edward Burne-Jones which was created between 1872 and 1877.	The Beguiling of Merlin	Edward Burne-Jones
creator	The Vale of Rest (1858--1859) is a painting by John Everett Millais.	The Vale of Rest	John Everett Millais
creator	How Do You Want Me? is a British television sitcom, produced by Kensington Films & Television, written by Simon Nye, and directed by John Henderson.	How Do You Want Me?	Simon Nye
creator	The Sistine Chapel ceiling, painted by Michelangelo between 1508 and 1512, is one of the most renowned artworks of the High Renaissance.	Sistine Chapel ceiling	Michelangelo
creator	The Prodigal Son in the Brothel is a painting by the Dutch master Rembrandt.	The Prodigal Son in the Brothel	Rembrandt
creator	The First Supper (1988) is a controversial work of art by Susan Dorothea White, based on Leonardo da Vinci's painting The Last Supper.	The First Supper	Susan Dorothea White
creator	Joking Apart is a BBC television sitcom written by Steven Moffat about the rise and fall of a relationship.	Joking Apart	Steven Moffat
creator	The New Shmoo is a 30-minute Saturday morning animated series based on the character from the Li'l Abner comic strip created by Al Capp, produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and broadcast on NBC from September 22, 1979 to November 15, 1980.	The New Shmoo	Al Capp
creator	Idol Ko si Kap (English: Kap Is My Idol) is a situational comedy television show in the Philippines aired every Saturday evenings by GMA Network from 2000 to 2005.	Idol Ko si Kap	GMA Network
creator	Lassie is a fictional female Rough Collie dog character created by Eric Knight in a short story that was later expanded to a full-length novel called Lassie Come-Home.	Lassie	Eric Knight
creator	Big Train is a surreal British television comedy sketch show created by Arthur Mathews and Graham Linehan, writers of the successful sitcom Father Ted.	Big Train	Graham Linehan
creator	Bitoy's Funniest Videos was a Philippine comedy show aired every Saturday night on GMA Network hosted by Michael V. (also known as Bitoy), dubbed as the Master of Disguises.	Bitoy's Funniest Videos	GMA Network
creator	The Niccolini-Cowper Madonna, also known as the Large Cowper Madonna, is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance artist Raphael, depicting Mary and Child, against a blue sky.	Niccolini-Cowper Madonna	Raphael
creator	Boston Public is an American drama television series created by David E. Kelley and broadcast on Fox.	Boston Public	David E. Kelley
creator	Moonrise, Hernandez, New Mexico is a photograph by Ansel Adams, taken late in the afternoon on November 1, 1941, from a shoulder of U.S. Route 84-285.	Moonrise, Hernandez, New Mexico	Ansel Adams
creator	Ciacco (ˈtʃakko) is one of the characters in the Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri that were not yet well defined by historians.	Ciacco	Dante Alighieri
creator	Lee Aronsohn has stated that the premise of Two and a Half Men was created amidst many other TV series centered around mainly women which he viewed as a serious problem in television.	Two and a Half Men	Lee Aronsohn
creator	Ancient Maya art refers to the material arts of the Maya civilization, an eastern and south-eastern Mesoamerican culture that took shape in the course of the later Preclassic Period (500 BCE to 200 CE).	Ancient Maya art	Maya civilization
creator	Tolkien's legendarium is the term for the entirety of J. R. R. Tolkien's mythopoetic writing that forms the background to his The Lord of the Rings.	Tolkien's legendarium	J. R. R. Tolkien
creator	Women in the Garden (French: Femmes au jardin) is an oil painting begun in 1866 by French artist Claude Monet when he was 26.	Women in the Garden	Claude Monet
creator	The Valkhof at Nijmegen is an oil painting by Dutch artist Aelbert Cuyp, likely painted between 1652 and 1654, during the Dutch Golden Age.	The Valkhof at Nijmegen	Aelbert Cuyp
creator	Tip en Tap is a Belgian animated television series created by Ray Goossens and produced by the Belgische Radio en Televisie (BRT) in 1969.	Tip en Tap	Ray Goossens
creator	L.H.O.O.Q. (French pronunciation: ​(ɛl aʃ o o ky)) is a work of art by Marcel Duchamp.	L.H.O.O.Q.	Marcel Duchamp
creator	The Madonna dell'Impannata is an oil on panel (158x125 cm) painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael.	Madonna dell'Impannata	Raphael
creator	Imogen and Twinka at Yosemite is a 1974 photograph by Judy Dater.	Imogen and Twinka at Yosemite	Judy Dater
creator	Both I'll Bet and It's Your Bet were produced by Ralph Andrews.	It's Your Bet	Ralph Andrews
creator	Spaced is a British television sitcom written by and starring Jessica Stevenson and Simon Pegg, and directed by Edgar Wright.	Spaced	Simon Pegg
creator	Etch A Sketch is a mechanical drawing toy invented by André Cassagnes of France and subsequently manufactured by the Ohio Art Company.	Etch A Sketch	André Cassagnes
creator	Pyramid of Skulls is a c. 1901 oil painting by French Post-Impressionist artist Paul Cézanne.	Pyramid of Skulls	Paul Cézanne
creator	Frenzy of Exultations (Szał uniesień), or better known as just Frenzy (Szał), is an 1893 painting by Polish artist, Władysław Podkowiński, and is credited as the most famous work in his output.	Frenzy of Exultations	Władysław Podkowiński
creator	The original Baker Street Irregulars are fictional characters featured in the Sherlock Holmes stories of Arthur Conan Doyle.	Baker Street Irregulars	Arthur Conan Doyle
creator	The World Trade Center Tapestry was a large tapestry by Joan Miró and Josep Royo.	The World Trade Center Tapestry	Joan Miró	Josep Royo
creator	Vesuvius from Posillipo by Moonlight was painted by Joseph Wright of Derby in 1774.	Vesuvius from Posillipo by Moonlight	Joseph Wright of Derby
creator	Mountain Landscape with Rainbow (1809-10) (German: Gebirgslandschaft mit Regenbogen), is an oil painting by the German Romantic artist Caspar David Friedrich.	Mountain Landscape with Rainbow	Caspar David Friedrich
creator	The Murder at the Vicarage is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in October 1930 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company later in the same year.	The Murder at the Vicarage	Agatha Christie
creator	Xiao Xiao (Chinese: 小小作品; pinyin: Xiǎo Xiǎo Zuò Pǐn) is an Internet Flash cartoon series by Chinese animator Zhu Zhiqiang, featuring stick figure men performing choreographed fight scenes.	Xiao Xiao	Zhu Zhiqiang
date of birth	Phil Shanahan (4th of January 1928 -- 5th February 2012) was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary and Dublin senior teams.	Phil Shanahan	January 1928
date of birth	Duke Bojadziev (Macedonian: Дуке Бојаџиев Macedonian pronunciation: (dukɛ boyadziev) born 24 September 1972) is a Macedonian composer, record producer and pianist, who lives in New York City.	Duke Bojadziev	24 September 1972
date of birth	Solomon Braun (1868--1899) was a French lieutenant of artillery, born at Paris in 1868 and died in Togbao, Chad, in 1899.	Solomon Braun	1868
date of birth	Cesare Maccari (Italian pronunciation: (ˈtʃeːzare makˈkaːri); 9 May 1840 -- 7 August 1919) was an Italian painter and sculptor, most famous for his 1888 painting Cicerone denuncia Catalina (usually translated as Cicero Accuses Catiline or Cicero Denounces Catiline).	Cesare Maccari	9 May 1840
date of birth	Louis-Alphonse de Valbelle (1640--1708) was a French Roman Catholic Bishop.	Louis-Alphonse de Valbelle	1640
date of death	Ma Buluan (1905--1969) (simplified Chinese: 马步銮; traditional Chinese: 馬步鑾; pinyin: Mǎ Bùluán; Wade--Giles: Ma Pu-luan) was a Ma Clique General in the National Revolutionary Army, and a relative of Ma Bufang, the Governor of Qinghai.	Ma Buluan	1969
date of death	Nagabhata II (805--833) ascended the throne of the Gurjara-Pratihara dynasty after his father Vatsaraja.	Nagabhata II	833
date of death	Vera Freeman (1865 - 1896) was a stage actress who was found dead at the Pomeroy Hotel, Broadway (Manhattan) and 59th Street (Manhattan), on the morning of January 25, 1896.	Vera Freeman	1896
date of death	General Charles Vallancey FRS (6 April 1731 -- 8 August 1812) was a British military surveyor sent to Ireland.	Charles Vallancey	8 August 1812
date of death	Charles Thomas Whitmell (10 July 1849 -- 10 December 1919) was an English astronomer, mathematician and educationalist.	Charles Thomas Whitmell	1919
date of death	Nancy Cooke de Herrera (born Nancy Veitch, 1922--2013) was an American socialite, fashion expert, and author of three books, including All You Need Is Love:	Nancy Cooke de Herrera	2013
date of death	Fray Mocho died on 23 August 1903, just 3 days short of his 45th birthday; an illness that had troubled him for years eventually causing his death.	Fray Mocho	23 August 1903
date of death	Johann Christoph Fugger (1561-1612) was a German businessman and the last famous survivor of the Fugger vom Reh branch of the Fugger family.	Johann Christoph Fugger	1612
date of death	Johan Kievit (1627--1692) was an Orangist Rotterdam Regent, who may have been one of the instigators of the murder of former Grand Pensionary Johan de Witt, of the Dutch Republic, and his brother Cornelis de Witt on 20 August 1672, together with his brother-in-law, Cornelis Tromp.	Johan Kievit	1692
date of death	Alexander Poynton, OBE, (8 August 1853 -- 9 January 1935) was an Australian politician.	Alexander Poynton	9 January 1935
date of death	Nils Kihlberg (4 June 1915 -- 2 April 1965) was a Swedish actor, singer and director.	Nils Kihlberg	2 April 1965
date of death	Sir John Henry Kerr, KCSI, KCIE (31 May 1871 -- 8 April 1934) was a colonial governor in British India	John Henry Kerr	8 April 1934
date of death	Florence Meyerheim (October 1873 -- c. 1936) was a British illustrator of children's books.	Florence Meyerheim	1936
date of death	Joseph Barss (21 February 1776 -- 3 August 1824) was a sea captain of the schooner Liverpool Packet and was one of the most successful privateers on the North American Atlantic coast during the War of 1812.	Joseph Barss	3 August 1824
date of death	Jan Kjellström (born 1940, died 1967) was an orienteer from Sweden who played an important role in the development of the sport of orienteering in Great Britain.	Jan Kjellström	1967
date of death	Frieda Dänzer (16 November 1930 -- 21 January 2015) was a Swiss Alpine skier, successful in the second half of the 1950s.	Frieda Dänzer	21 January 2015
date of death	Thomas Richardson Colledge (1796 -- 28 October 1879) was a Scottish surgeon with the East India Company at Guangzhou (Canton) who served part-time as the first medical missionary in China.	Thomas Richardson Colledge	28 October 1879
date of death	Bob Godwin (May 5, 1911 in Moultrie, GA -- August 1, 1980) was an American boxer.	Bob Godwin	1980
date of death	Gladys Lucy Adshead (April 25, 1896--1985) was a British-born writer of children's books.	Gladys Lucy Adshead	1985
date of death	Lovji Nusserwanjee Wadia (1702--1774) was a Parsi from Surat province of Gujarat in India and was a member of the Wadia family of shipwrights and naval architects, who founded Wadia Group in 1736.	Lovji Nusserwanjee Wadia	1774
date of death	Thomas Augustine Hendrick (29 October 1849 at Penn Yan, New York, U.S.A. -- 29 November 1909 at Cebú, Philippines) was an American Catholic priest; he became the 22nd Bishop of Cebú, the first American to hold this position.	Thomas Augustine Hendrick	1909
date of death	Thomas Weihs (born 30 April 1914 Vienna (then the Austro-Hungarian Empire), died 19 June 1983 Aberdeen, Scotland) was a doctor, farmer and special needs educator, one of the founders and leading co-workers of the Camphill Movement and a pioneer of Anthroposophical curative education.	Thomas Weihs	19 June 1983
date of death	Charles Pickard Ware (1840--1921), was an American educator and music transcriber.	Charles Pickard Ware	1921
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel William Chaine, MVO (1 January 1838 - 3 July 1916) was a British military officer and courtier.	William Chaine	3 July 1916
date of death	Charles Frederick Lyttelton (26 January 1887 - 3 October 1931) was a priest from the Lyttelton family.	Charles Frederick Lyttelton	3 October 1931
date of death	Sir Humphrey Edwin (1642--1707) was an English merchant and lord mayor of London.	Humphrey Edwin	1707
date of death	Margarida Cabral de Melo (1570--1631) was a Portuguese noble lady who settled with her husband and sons in Buenos Aires.	Margarida Cabral de Melo	1631
date of death	Jules-Édouard Prévost (21 November 1871 -- 13 October 1943) was a Laurier Liberal and Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Jules-Édouard Prévost	13 October 1943
date of death	José Emilio Rabasa Estebanell (22 May 1856 -- 25 April 1930) was a prominent 19th century Mexican writer, diplomat and liberal politician.	Emilio Rabasa	25 April 1930
date of death	Etta Wriedt (1859-1942) was an American direct voice medium.	Etta Wriedt	1942
date of death	Wolfgang Fischer (11 December 1888 -- 1 February 1943) was a German career military officer and panzer commander in World War II. He was killed on 1 February 1943 near Mareth in Tunisia when his staff car drove into a poorly marked Italian minefield and hit a land mine.	Wolfgang Fischer	1 February 1943
date of death	The Reverend Jacob Rutsen Hardenbergh, D.D., S.T.D., (22 February 1735/6 -- 30 October 1790) was an American Dutch Reformed clergyman, colonial and state legislator, and educator.	Jacob Rutsen Hardenbergh	30 October 1790
date of death	Manuel Erotikos Komnenos (Greek: Μανουήλ Ἐρωτικός Κομνηνός; 955/960 -- ca. 1020) was a Byzantine military leader under Basil II, and the first fully documented ancestor of the Komnenos dynasty.	Manuel Erotikos Komnenos	1020
date of death	Kristen Feilberg or Christen Schjellerup Feilberg (1839--1919) was an early Danish photographer who is known mainly for his images captured far beyond the borders of Denmark.	Kristen Feilberg	1919
date of death	Rhydderch Hael (Welsh: Rhydderch the Generous, fl. 580 -- c. 614) was a ruler of Alt Clut, a Brittonic kingdom in the Hen Ogledd or ``Old North'' of Britain.	Rhydderch Hael	614
date of death	Albrecht Fröhlich FRS (22 May 1916 -- 8 November 2001) was a mathematician famous for his major results and conjectures on Galois module theory in the Galois structure of rings of integers.	Albrecht Fröhlich	8 November 2001
date of death	Olga Lengyel (19 October 1908 -- 15 April 2001) was a Hungarian prisoner at the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp, and later wrote about her experiences in her book Five Chimneys.	Olga Lengyel	15 April 2001
date of death	Gonzalo Inzunza Inzunza (17 August 1971 -- 18 December 2013), commonly referred to by his alias El Macho Prieto, was a Mexican drug lord and high-ranking leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, a Mexican transnational criminal organization.	Gonzalo Inzunza Inzunza	18 December 2013
date of death	John Zachariah Laurence (1829 -- 18 July 1870) was an English ophthalmologist who practiced medicine in London.	John Zachariah Laurence	18 July 1870
date of death	Warren Billingsley Hitchcock (18 December 1919 -- 16 March 1984) was an Australian field biologist and ornithologist.	Warren Billingsley Hitchcock	16 March 1984
date of death	Alessandro Scarlatti (2 May 1660 -- 22 October 1725) was an Italian Baroque composer, especially famous for his operas and chamber cantatas.	Alessandro Scarlatti	22 October 1725
date of death	Rafael Frontaura (7 February 1896 in Valparaiso - 15 August 1966 in Santiago) was a Chilean actor who worked in both Chilean and Argentine cinema.	Rafael Frontaura	15 August 1966
date of death	Frederic Geeson (23 August 1862 -- 2 May 1920) was an English cricketer active from 1892 to 1913 who played for Leicestershire.	Frederic Geeson	2 May 1920
date of death	Mary Philadelphia Merrifield (née Watkins; 15 April 1804 -- 4 January 1889) was a British writer on art and fashion.	Mary Philadelphia Merrifield	4 January 1889
date of death	Sebastian Brant (also Brandt) (1457 -- 10 May 1521) was a German humanist and satirist.	Sebastian Brant	10 May 1521
date of death	Abraham Cornelisz van der Schalcken (1582 -- 1642), was a Dutch Golden Age sergeant of the local militia and coster of the Grote Kerk, Haarlem.	Abraham Cornelisz van der Schalcken	1642
date of death	Guan Daosheng (Chinese: 管道昇; 1262--1319) was a Chinese poet and painter who was active during the Yuan Dynasty.	Guan Daosheng	1319
date of death	The Master of the Tiburtine Sibyl (fl. 1475-1495) was an unidentified Early Netherlandish painter, probably from Haarlem, named after The Tiburtine Sibyl meets Augustus, a work in the Städel in Frankfurt.	Master of the Tiburtine Sibyl	1495
date of death	Tom Purvis (12 June 1888 -- 27 August 1959) was a British painter and commercial poster artist.	Tom Purvis	1959
date of death	Hain Ahmed Pasha (died 1524) was an Ottoman governor, beylerbey, and statesman.	Hain Ahmed Pasha	1524
date of death	Henry Walter Bellew MRCP (30 August 1834 -- 26 July 1892) was an Indian-born British medical officer who worked in Afghanistan.	Henry Walter Bellew	1892
date of death	Ernest G. Eagleson (January 13, 1864 -- August 17, 1956) was an American politician who served two nonconsecutive terms as mayor of Boise, Idaho, in the 1910s and 1920s.	Ernest G. Eagleson	1956
date of death	Guilhem Ademar (Old Occitan (ɡiˈʎɛm adeˈmaɾ); also spelled Guillem, Adamar, or Azemar; fl. 1190/1195--1217) was a troubadour from the Gévaudan.He travelled between the courts of Albi, Toulouse, Narbonne, and Spain.	Guilhem Ademar	1217
date of death	Nadav Levitan (Hebrew: נדב לויתן‎; 21 April 1945 -- 9 January 2010) was an Israeli film director, screenwriter, writer and songwriter.	Nadav Levitan	9 January 2010
date of death	William Robert Young PC(Ire) (c.1856 -- 12 September 1933) was an Irish linen merchant, politician and philanthropist.	William Robert Young	12 September 1933
date of death	John M. Fitzpatrick (15 July 1948 - 14 May 2014) was an Irish urologist, known for his pioneering work on the field of men's prostate cancer.	John M. Fitzpatrick	14 May 2014
date of death	Anthony Emmett (1790--1872), was an English soldier, who became a major-general in the Royal Engineers.	Anthony Emmett	1872
date of death	Gunnora (or Gunnor) (circa 936 -- 5 Jan 1031) was a Duchess of Normandy and the wife of Richard I of Normandy.	Gunnora	1031
date of death	Braulio Arellano Domínguez (died 4 November 2009) was a Mexican drug trafficker who was one of the founders the Mexican criminal organization known as Los Zetas with other military men in the late 1990s.	Braulio Arellano Domínguez	4 November 2009
date of death	Shaaban bin Robert, also known as Shaaban Robert (1 January 1909 -- 20 June 1962), was a Tanzanian poet, author, and essayist who supported the preservation of Tanzanian verse traditions.	Shaaban bin Robert	20 June 1962
date of death	Jacob Warrick (1773--November 7, 1811) was an early settler of Indiana and a militia officer.	Jacob Warrick	1811
date of death	Benjamin Parry (February 1634 -- 4 October 1678) was Church of Ireland Bishop of Ossory from 27 January 1678 until his death later the same year.	Benjamin Parry	4 October 1678
date of death	John Cushley (21 January 1943 -- 24 March 2008) was a Scottish football player who played for Celtic, West Ham United, Dunfermline Athletic and Dumbarton He was born in 1943 in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, and joined Celtic in July 1960 as a centre-half in the team's reserves.	John Cushley	24 March 2008
date of death	Jaan Eilart (24 June 1933 -- 18 May 2006) was an Estonian phytogeographer, landscape ecologist, cultural historian and conservationist.	Jaan Eilart	18 May 2006
date of death	Timothy L. Mounts (died 1997) made significant contributions to the advancement of agriculture technology.	Timothy L. Mounts	1997
date of death	Luigi Villoresi (16 May 1909 -- 24 August 1997) was an Italian Grand Prix motor racing driver who continued racing on the Formula One circuit at the time of its inception.	Luigi Villoresi	24 August 1997
date of death	The Rt. Hon. Christopher Palles, PC, QC (25 December 1831 -- 14 February 1920), was an Irish barrister and perhaps the most eminent Irish judge of his time.	Christopher Palles	14 February 1920
date of death	Valentina Giovagnini (6 April 1980 -- 2 January 2009) was an Italian pop singer, active between 2001 and 2009.	Valentina Giovagnini	2 January 2009
date of death	Lelio Cantoni (1802, Gazzuolo, Dukedom of Mantua -- 1857, Turin) was an Italian rabbi.	Lelio Cantoni	1857
date of death	Dinicu Golescu (usual rendition of Constantin Radovici Golescu; 7 February 1777 -- 5 October 1830), a member of the Golescu family of boyars, was a Wallachian Romanian man of letters, mostly noted for his travel writings and journalism.	Dinicu Golescu	5 October 1830
date of death	George Cowell (1 November 1870 -- 27 April 1937) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Cowell	27 April 1937
date of death	Mary Mackellar (née Cameron; 1 October 1834 -- 7 September 1890) was a prominent Highland Scottish poet and Scottish Gaelic-English translator of the 19th century.	Mary Mackellar	1890
date of death	George Ambrose Pogson (died 23 August 1914) was the British Consul in Hamburg from 1880 - 1914.	George Ambrose Pogson	23 August 1914
date of death	George Pettie (1548--1589) was an English writer of romances.	George Pettie	1589
date of death	Prof William Harold Joseph Childs FRSE (1905-1983) was a British physicist and academic author.	William Harold Joseph Childs	1983
date of death	Alebachew Teka (1962--2005) was born in North-Wello, in a small town called Wourgessa.	Alebachew Teka	2005
date of death	Václav Kliment Klicpera (23 November 1792 -- 15 September 1859) was a Czech playwright, author, and poet.	Václav Kliment Klicpera	15 September 1859
date of death	William Highett (1807 -- 29 November 1880) was a banker and politician in colonial Victoria, a member of the Victorian Legislative Council.	William Highett	29 November 1880
date of death	Andrew Eliot (1718-1778) was a prominent Boston Congregational minister of the New North Church (now St. Stephen's in the North End).	Andrew Eliot	1778
date of death	Powers Hapgood (1899--1949) was an American trade union organizer and Socialist Party leader known for his involvement with the United Mine Workers in the 1920s.	Powers Hapgood	1949
date of death	William Maule McDowell Webster (3 January 1885 -- 20 April 1958) was an Australian unionist and station agent.	William Maule McDowell Webster	20 April 1958
date of death	Jean-Claude Chambellan Duplessis (1699 -- 1774), called Duplessis père to distinguish him from his son, Jean-Claude-Thomas Chambellan Duplessis (c. 1730 -- 1783), was a goldsmith, sculptor and ceramics modeller, bronze-founder and decorative designer working in the Rococo manner.	Jean-Claude Chambellan Duplessis	1774
date of death	Ras Shorty I (6 October 1941 -- 12 July 2000), born Garfield Blackman and also known as Lord Shorty, was a Trinidadian calypso and soca musician, known as the Father of Soca and The Love Man.	Ras Shorty I	12 July 2000
date of death	Fairlie Harmar, Viscountess Harberton (1876--1945) was an English painter.	Fairlie Harmar	1945
date of death	Leonard Krieger (1918--1990) was an American historian who paid particular attention to Modern Europe, particularly being known as an author on Germany.	Leonard Krieger	1990
date of death	Sir John Heathcoat-Amory, 3rd Baronet (2 May 1894 -- 22 November 1972) was an English cricketer.	Sir John Heathcoat-Amory, 3rd Baronet	22 November 1972
date of death	Charles Campbell Worthington, or C.C. Worthington, (January 1854 -- October 1944) was an American industrialist whose efforts were in part responsible for the foundation of the Professional Golfers Association.	Charles Campbell Worthington	1944
date of death	Exupérien Mas, F.S.C. (7 June 1829 -- 31 January 1905), was a French member of the Brothers of the Christian Schools.	Exupérien Mas	31 January 1905
date of death	Jacob S. Rogers (born c1824, died 2 July 1901 aged 77y) was an American businessman.	Jacob S. Rogers	1901
date of death	Morris Robinson, 3rd Baron Rokeby (14 July 1757 -- May 1829), was a British politician.	Morris Robinson, 3rd Baron Rokeby	May 1829
date of death	Bill Lever (20 April 1904 -- 25 September 1986) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Lever	September 1986
date of death	Sir Hutchins Williams, 1st Baronet (c. 1700 -- 4 November 1758) born in London, England, to William Peere Williams and Anne Hutchins.	Hutchins Williams	4 November 1758
date of death	Jan Pieter van Bredael the Younger or Jan Peeter van Bredael the Younger (27 July 1683 -- 1735) was a Flemish painter known for his cavalry battle scenes and landscapes with genre scenes of village festivals and fairs.	Jan Pieter van Bredael the Younger	1735
date of death	Frank Vosper (15 December 1899, in London -- 6 March 1937) was a British actor and playwright.	Frank Vosper	6 March 1937
date of death	Holger Peter Roed, known as Holger Roed (2 November 1846 - 20 February 1874), Danish painter, was born in Copenhagen to painter Jørgen Roed and wife Emilie Mathilde.	Holger Roed	20 February 1874
date of death	Henry Fox, 1st Baron Holland, of Foxley, MP, PC (28 September 1705 -- 1 July 1774 in Holland House) was a leading British politician of the 18th century.	Henry Fox, 1st Baron Holland	1 July 1774
date of death	Ignatia Broker (1919--1987) was an Ojibway writer and community leader from Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Ignatia Broker	1987
date of death	Vivienne Rae-Ellis, FRGS (23 July 1930 -- 29 March 2015) was an Australian writer, who also wrote under the pseudonym Antonia Bell.	Vivienne Rae-Ellis	29 March 2015
date of death	Daniel Clement Colesworthy (14 July 1810 -- 1 April 1893) was an American printer, bookseller, and poet.	Daniel Clement Colesworthy	1 April 1893
date of death	Fred Heintz (22 July 1913 -- 20 February 1942) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Heintz	20 February 1942
date of death	Naziha Salim (Arabic: نزيهة سليم‎, 1927--15 February 2008) was an Iraqi artist and painter, described by the country's president, Jalal Talabani, as ``the first Iraqi woman who anchored the pillars of Iraqi contemporary art. Naziha Salim was born into a family of Iraqi artists living in Turkey.	Naziha Salim	15 February 2008
date of death	Max Kalman (24 December 1884, Russia - 14 June 1963, Texas) was a Jewish architect and attorney in Boston, Massachusetts in the early 1900s, most notable for designing the Vilna Shul synagogue on Beacon Hill, Boston in 1919.	Max Kalman	14 June 1963
date of death	Istvan Rozanich (1912--1984) was a Hungarian poet and, while living in exile in Venezuela during the second half of his life, newspaper editor.	Istvan Rozanich	1984
date of death	Charles L. Brainard (1903--1988) was active in preserving the papers of Dwight D. Eisenhower.	Charles L. Brainard	1988
date of death	István Réti (26 December 1872 -- 17 January 1945) was a Hungarian painter, professor, art historian and leading member, as well as a founder and theoretician, of the Nagybánya artists' colony, located in what is present-day Baia Mare, Romania.	István Réti	17 January 1945
date of death	Abdul Hamid Lahori (died 1654) was a traveller and historian during the period of Shah Jahan who later became a court historian of Shah Jahan.	Abdul Hamid Lahori	1654
date of death	Georges Henein (1914 -- 1973) was an Egyptian surrealist author.	Georges Henein	1973
date of death	John Thornton Masser (24 June 1855 - 23 February 1929) was an organist and composer based in Nottingham.	John Thornton Masser	23 February 1929
date of death	Abdullah Pashë Dreni (1820--1878) was a 19th century Albanian tribal leader and military of the Ottoman Army.	Abdullah Pashë Dreni	1878
date of death	Tora Teje (17 January 1893 -- 30 April 1970) was a Swedish theatre and silent film actress.	Tora Teje	30 April 1970
date of death	Richard Baty (died 1758), was a Scottish Anglican divine.	Richard Baty	1758
date of death	Florence Elsie Inman (5 December 1891 -- 31 May 1986) was a long serving member of the Canadian Senate.	Florence Elsie Inman	31 May 1986
date of death	Maghinardo Pagani (or Pagano) of Susinana (died 1302) was an Italian condottiero and statesman living in the 13th-14th centuries.	Maghinardo Pagani	1302
date of death	Wareru was assassinated by his grandsons in January 1307, and succeeded by his brother Hkun Law.	Wareru	January 1307
date of death	Agnes Busby (1800 -- 13 October 1889) was an early European settler in Australia and New Zealand married to James Busby, the first British Resident of New Zealand.	Agnes Busby	13 October 1889
date of death	Elizabeth Herbert, Countess of Pembroke and Montgomery (January/March 1737 -- 30 April 1831) was the daughter of Charles Spencer and Elizabeth Trevor.	Elizabeth Herbert, Countess of Pembroke and Montgomery	30 April 1831
date of death	Robert Hebert Quick (30 September 1831 -- 1891) was an English educator and writer on education.	Robert Hebert Quick	1891
date of death	Jonas Eliel Löfgren (15 March 1872 in Öjebyn -- 8 April 1940 in Stockholm) was a Swedish jurist and Liberal Party politician.	Eliel Löfgren	8 April 1940
date of death	Hendrik Frans Schaefels or Henri François Schaefels, also known as Rik Schaefels and Henri François Schaefels (Antwerp, 2 December 1827 -- Antwerp, 9 June 1904) was a Belgian Romantic painter, draughtsman and engraver known for his seascapes, cityscapes, genre paintings, landscapes with figures and history paintings.	Hendrik Frans Schaefels	1904
date of death	Adolph Wegrocki, M.D. (November 29, 1900 - September 1953) was an American Republican Party politician who served five terms in the New Jersey General Assembly.	Adolph Wegrocki	September 1953
date of death	Lashkarwarz along with his brother died in 958.	Lashkarwarz	958
date of death	Moses van Uyttenbroeck, or Moyses van Wtenbrouck (c. 1600--1646) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and etcher.	Moses van Uyttenbroeck	1646
date of death	Thomas Crew, 2nd Baron Crew (1624 -- 30 November 1697) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1679 when he inherited the peerage Baron Crew.	Thomas Crew, 2nd Baron Crew	30 November 1697
date of death	Dimitrie Serafim (1862 -- 1931) was a Romanian painter in the Academic and Impressionist styles.	Dimitrie Serafim	1931
date of death	Edward Cowey (9 April 1839 -- 16 December 1903), often known as Ned Cowey, was a British trade unionist.	Edward Cowey	1903
date of death	Terry Gill (25 October 1939 -- 25 February 2015) was an English Australian character actor, as well as theatre owner, producer, director and writer, he carved a nichè in Australian television playing police officers.	Terry Gill	25 February 2015
date of death	John Cecil Clavering OBE (17 April 1910 -- 6 October 2001) was an English architect, best known for his work designing Odeon Cinemas as part of Harry Weedon's architectural practice in the 1930s, and his later work as the architect of the Public Record Office in Kew, London.	Cecil Clavering	6 October 2001
date of death	Louis Du Guernier (1677--1716) was an engraver.	Louis Du Guernier	1716
date of death	Sam Thomson (14 February 1862 -- 23 December 1943) was a leading professional footballer of the 1880s and 1890s.	Sam Thomson	23 December 1943
date of death	Dorina Neave, Lady Neave (1880--1955) was the author of three books about Turkey.	Dorina Neave	1955
date of death	John Perkins Cushing (April 22, 1787 -- 1862), called ``Ku-Shing'' by the Chinese, was a wealthy Boston sea merchant, opium smuggler, and philanthropist.	John Perkins Cushing	1862
date of death	Jan Jacobsen (1588/89 -- 1622) was a Flemish naval commander and Dunkirker during the Eighty Years' War.	Jan Jacobsen	1622
date of death	Ralph Sheldon (1623--1684) was a Roman Catholic Royalist and an antiquary, who bequeathed his library of books and manuscripts to the College of Arms, the authority over heraldry and pedigree in England.	Ralph Sheldon	1684
date of death	Zvi Lurie (Hebrew: צבי לוריא‎, 1 June, 1906 -- 21 May 1968) was a Jewish political figure in Mandate Palestine.	Zvi Lurie	1968
date of death	Jane M. Olson (6 December 1952 - 2 May 2004) was an American genetic epidemiologist and biostatistician, ``best known internationally for her contributions to advanced statistical methods in genetic epidemiology''.	Jane M. Olson	2 May 2004
date of death	Joseph de Agulló y Pinos (16-1704) was a Catalan nobleman, Lord and Marquess of Gironella.	Joseph de Agulló y Pinos	1704
date of death	Hardy Wright (1893--1974) was a Scottish greyhound trainer.	Hardy Wright	1974
date of death	Bishop William Walter Peele died 1 July 1959 and was buried in his wife's family's Lytch Cemetery in Laurinburg, North Carolina.	William Walter Peele	1959
date of death	Gaspare Murtola (Italian pronunciation: (ˈɡaspare ˈmurtola); d. 1624 or 1625) was an Italian poet and writer of madrigals.	Gaspare Murtola	1624	1625
date of death	Hophnie Hobah Hines Johnson (13 July 1910, Kingston, Jamaica -- 24 June 1987, Miami, Florida, USA) was a West Indian cricketer.	Hines Johnson	24 June 1987
date of death	John D. Hunter (1968 -- 2012) was an American neurobiologist and the original author of matplotlib.	John D. Hunter	2012
date of death	Auguste O'Kelly (13 July 1829 -- 16 February 1900) was a Franco-Irish music publisher in Paris between 1872 and 1888.	Auguste O'Kelly	16 February 1900
date of death	Esther McCracken (née Armstrong, 1902--1971) was a British actress and playwright.	Esther McCracken	1971
date of death	Nicholas Hunsaker (7 August 1825 -- 12 September 1913) was sheriff of Contra Costa County, California, from 1851 to 1853 and from 1855 to 1857 and the 10th sheriff of San Diego County from 1875 to 1876.	Nicholas Hunsaker	12 September 1913
date of death	Henry Octave Cyril Vereecke (1906-04-04--2002-06-16), better known as Harry Oakman, was an Australian horticulturalist and writer.	Harry Oakman	2002
date of death	Abraham Lewysohn (6 December 1805 -- 14 February 1860) was a Hebraist and rabbi of Peiskretscham, Upper Silesia.	Abraham Lewysohn	14 February 1860
date of death	Thomas Prestwood (c 1570 - 1655) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629.	Thomas Prestwood	1655
date of death	Sir Anthony Jackson (1599--1666) was an English lawyer, soldier, and knight in the seventeenth century.	Sir Anthony Jackson	1666
date of death	Davit Bek (Armenian: Դավիթ Բեկ; died 1728) was an Armenian military commander and one of the most prominent military figures of the Armenian liberation movement of the 18th century directed against the forces of Ottoman Empire and Safavid Iran.	Davit Bek	1728
date of death	Arnold, Lord of IJsselstein (also known as Arnoud, 1304 -- 12 February 1363) was the second Lord of IJsselstein and Stoutenburg and Schout of Amersfoort and the Eem Valley.	Arnold, Lord of IJsselstein	12 February 1363
date of death	Rameshwari Nehru, born Rameshwari Raina (1886--1966), was a very prominent social worker of India.	Rameshwari Nehru	1966
date of death	Adriano Zabarelli, also known as Andrea Palladino or il Palladino (c. 1610--1680) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Adriano Zabarelli	1680
date of death	Altmann of Passau (c. 1015 -- 8 August 1091), often called Saint or Blessed Altmann, was a founder of monasteries and Bishop of Passau.	Altmann of Passau	8 August 1091
date of death	Gyula Alpári (19 January 1882, Dunaföldvár -- 17 July 1944, Sachsenhausen) was a Hungarian Communist politician and propagandist, as well as a journalist by profession.	Gyula Alpári	17 July 1944
date of death	Leslie George Bull (7 August 1916 -- 29 March 1944), known as Johnny, Les or Lester Bull, was a British Vickers Wellington bomber pilot who was taken prisoner during the Second World War.	Leslie George Bull	29 March 1944
date of death	Edward Lanzer Joseph or E. L. Joseph was a journalist and novelist in Trinidad (born in England in 1792 or 1793 and died in Trinidad in 1838) who emigrated to Trinidad in 1817.	Edward Lanzer Joseph	1838
date of death	Paloma Efron, also known as Blackie, (born 6 December 1912, died 3 September 1977) was an Argentine radio and television journalist and the country's first professional jazz singer.	Paloma Efron	3 September 1977
date of death	W. M. Kiplinger (1891-1967) was best known as the founder of Kiplinger, a publishing company located in Washington, D.C..	W. M. Kiplinger	1967
date of death	Reverend Stephanus Jacobus du Toit (9 October 1847 -- 29 May 1911) was a controversial South African nationalist, theologian, journalist and failed politician.	Stephanus Jacobus du Toit	29 May 1911
date of death	Radhakanta Deb (1784-1867) was a scholar and a leader of the Calcutta conservative Hindu society, the adopted son and heir of Maharaja Nabakrishna Deb.	Radhakanta Deb	1867
date of death	Saint Luigi Scrosoppi (4 August 1804 - 3 April 1884) was an Italian priest of the Roman Catholic Church who founded the Sisters of Providence of Saint Cajetan of Thiene.	Luigi Scrosoppi	3 April 1884
date of death	Jerónimo de Azevedo (1540 -- Lisbon, 1625) was a Portuguese fidalgo, Governor of Portuguese Ceylon and Viceroy of Portuguese India.	Jerónimo de Azevedo	1625
date of death	Wayne B. Warrington, Sr. (March 9, 1923--1989) was born in Denver, Colorado and attended Glendale Community College (California) before beginning service in the United States Army Air Corps in 1942.	Wayne B. Warrington, Sr.	1989
date of death	Lady Margaret Sackville (24 December 1881 -- 18 April 1963) was an English poet and children's author.	Lady Margaret Sackville	18 April 1963
date of death	Koharik Gazarossian (Goharik Lazarosian) (21 December 1907 -- 29 October 1967) was an Armenian composer and pianist.	Koharik Gazarossian	29 October 1967
date of death	Eliot Hodgkin (19 June 1905--30 May 1987) was an English painter, born in Purley Lodge, Purley-on-Thames near Pangbourne, Berkshire.	Eliot Hodgkin	30 May 1987
date of death	Agamemnon Schliemann (Greek: Αγαμέμνων Σλήμαν, 16 March 1878 - 1954) was the Greek ambassador to the United States in 1914.	Agamemnon Schliemann	1954
date of death	John Millar, Lord Craighill (1817 - 1888) was a Scottish lawyer and judge.	John Millar, Lord Craighill	1888
date of death	Renos Apostolidis (Greek: Ρένος Αποστολίδης) (2 March 1924 -- 10 March 2004) was a Greek writer, philologist and literary critic.	Renos Apostolidis	10 March 2004
date of death	Paul-Marie Pons (Born 24 June 1904 Longwy: died 24 October 1966 Paris) was a French naval engineer who became a senior civil servant.	Paul-Marie Pons	24 October 1966
date of death	Thomas Hiscock (1812--1855) was an English blacksmith and prospector who settled in Australia in the 1840s.	Thomas Hiscock	1855
date of death	King Sri Indraditya (Thai: พ่อขุนศรีอินทราทิตย์; rtgs: Pho Khun Si Inthrathit; ? -- 1270) ruled the Sukhothai Kingdom from the year 1238 to c. 1270.	Sri Indraditya	1270
date of death	Sir Edward Osborne, 1st Baronet, of Kiveton (bap. 12 December 1596 -- 9 September 1647) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1640.	Sir Edward Osborne, 1st Baronet	9 September 1647
date of death	Farrokh Khan later died from a heart attack on 5 May 1871, and was buried in Qom.	Farrokh Khan	1871
date of death	Censorius (died 448) was a count (comes) of the Western Roman Empire from 432 until his death.	Censorius	448
date of death	Hendrik Doeff (2 December 1764 -- 19 October 1837) was the Dutch commissioner in the Dejima trading post in Nagasaki, Japan, during the first years of the 19th century.	Hendrik Doeff	19 October 1837
date of death	Tushar Makwana (2 February 1967 -- 12 February 2004) was an award winning British radio personality, killed in a hit-and-run incident during a botched robbery attempt at his home in Birmingham, England.	Tushar Makwana	12 February 2004
date of death	John Holms JP, DL (21 September 1830 -- 31 March 1891), was a Scottish businessman and Liberal politician.	John Holms	31 March 1891
date of death	Adam Cusack (c.1630--1681) was an Irish barrister and judge of the seventeenth century.	Adam Cusack	1681
date of death	Thomas Weh Syen (died August 1981) was a Liberian soldier and politician.	Thomas Weh Syen	1981
date of death	James of Jülich (died 1392) was a Franciscan friar who, while falsely claiming to be a bishop, was sentenced by a tribunal of seven bishops to be boiled alive after it was discovered he had ordained a number of priests following his admittance as an auxiliary bishop by Floris van Wevelinkhoven, Bishop of Utrecht.	James of Jülich	1392
date of death	Ljubo Boban (10 May 1933 -- 9 October 1994) was a Yugoslav historian and academic.	Ljubo Boban	9 October 1994
date of death	Jerzy Ziętek (10 June 1901 in Gleiwitz -- 20 November 1985 in Katowice, Upper Silesia) was a Polish politician and general.	Jerzy Ziętek	20 November 1985
date of death	Esther Handali (died 1590) was an Ottoman jeweller and secretary and intermediary of Hürrem Sultan (Roxelana).	Esther Handali	1590
date of death	Hermann Hummel (22 June 1876 -- 13 September 1952) was a German chemist and politician in the Republic of Baden.	Hermann Hummel	13 September 1952
date of death	Michael J Moran (ca. 1794 -- 3 April 1846), popularly known as Zozimus, was an Irish street rhymer.	Zozimus	3 April 1846
date of death	Brownlow Cecil, 8th Earl of Exeter (4 August 1701 -- 3 November 1754), known as the Honourable Brownlow Cecil from 1701 to 1722, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	Brownlow Cecil, 8th Earl of Exeter	3 November 1754
date of death	Wolfgang Jünger (c. 1517 -- 4 March 1564) was Thomaskantor from 1536 to 1539.	Wolfgang Jünger	4 March 1564
date of death	Abel Cathrine (1626-1676) was a Danish courtier and philanthropist.	Abel Cathrine	1676
date of death	Dr. Herbert Michaelis (3 September 1898 -- 14 June 1939) was a German lawyer and Communist and a member of the German Resistance during the Third Reich.	Herbert Michaelis	14 June 1939
date of death	Herbert Ernest Cushman (1865-1944) A.M., Ph.D., was a professor of philosophy at Tufts College who wrote A Beginner's History of Philosophy and translated Wilhelm Windelband's History Of Ancient Philosophy into English.	Herbert Ernest Cushman	1944
date of death	David Boswell Reid (1805 -- 5 April 1863) was a Scottish physician, chemist and inventor.	David Boswell Reid	1863
date of death	Daniël Seghers or Daniel Seghers (3 December 1590 -- 2 November 1661) was a Flemish Jesuit brother and painter who specialized in flower still lifes.	Daniel Seghers	2 November 1661
date of death	Blessed William Pike (died 22 December 1591) was an English Roman Catholic martyr who was beatified in 1987.	William Pike	22 December 1591
date of death	Joël Scherk (French: (jɔɛl ʃɛʁk); 1946 -- 16 May 1980), often cited as Joel Scherk, was a French theoretical physicist who studied string theory and supergravity.	Joël Scherk	16 May 1980
date of death	Muqarram Khan (reigned: 1626--1627) was the Subahdar of Bengal during the reign of emperor Jahangir.	Muqarram Khan	1627
date of death	Sir Louis Odumegwu Ojukwu, KBE, (1901-1966) was a Nigerian businessman from Ojukwus family of Nwakanwa quarters obiuno umudim Nnewi.	Louis Odumegwu Ojukwu	1966
date of death	Robert Stanton Ellis CB (also pronounced as Staunton) (1825--1877) was a British civil servant of the Indian civil service who served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council.	Robert Stanton Ellis	1877
date of death	Henry Musgrave Blaiklock (26 April 1790 -- 9 October 1843) was an English architect and civil engineer who came to Canada with extended family in the 1820s to pursue his career.	Henry Musgrave Blaiklock	9 October 1843
date of death	Dina Koston (b. 1929?, d. 2009, Washington, D.C.) was an American pianist, music educator and composer.	Dina Koston	2009
date of death	James Richard Ham (July 11, 1921 -- December 20. 2002) was a Roman Catholic Titular Bishop of Putia in Numidia and Auxiliary Bishop of Saint Paul and Minneapolis in Minnesota.	James Richard Ham	2002
date of death	Margaret McCoubrey (1880--1955) was an Irish suffragist and active participant of the co-operative movement.	Margaret McCoubrey	1955
date of death	Florence Waren (1917-2011), born Sadie Rigal, was a South African dancer who performed at the Bal Tabarin.	Florence Waren	2011
date of death	Ronald Mansbridge (11 November 1905 -- 1 September 2006) was a publisher, author and wit.	Ronald Mansbridge	1 September 2006
date of death	Mama Sana (1900--1997) was a Tandroy singer and performer of traditional airs on the valiha tube zither, the national instrument of Madagascar.	Mama Sana	1997
date of death	Gilbert Browning (October 19, 1821 -- 1882) was a Scottish-born merchant in Newfoundland.	Gilbert Browning	1882
date of death	Zheng Kezang (1662 - 1681), birth name Qin (欽) or Qinshe (欽舍), was the crown prince and regency of Kingdom of Tungning.	Zheng Kezang	1681
date of death	Milan Dufek (6 May 1944 -- 17 November 2005, in San Andrés, Colombia) was a Czech singer, composer, guitarist and flautist and one of the founding members of the Czech pop folk band The Rangers.	Milan Dufek	17 November 2005
date of death	Humphrey Toy (1537 -- 16 October 1577) was a British bookseller and publisher, and the son of bookseller Robert Toy.	Humphrey Toy	16 October 1577
date of death	Asen Panchev (Bulgarian: Асен Панчев) (1 October 1906-17 December 1989) was а Bulgarian footballer.	Asen Panchev	17 December 1989
date of death	Maurice Blitz (28 July 1891 -- 2 February 1975) was a Belgian Olympic water polo player during the 1920s.	Maurice Blitz	2 February 1975
date of death	Charles Benazech (1767/68 -- 1794) was an English portrait and historical painter, and aquatint engraver.	Charles Benazech	1794
date of death	Aspasius (/æˈspeɪʒiəs, æˈspeɪziəs, æˈspeɪʒəs/; Greek: Ἀσπάσιος; c. 80 -- c. 150 AD) was a Peripatetic philosopher.	Aspasius	150
date of death	Fiske Goodeve Fiske-Harrison (2 September 1793 -- 1872) of Copford Hall, Lord of the Manor of Copford was High Sheriff of Essex.	Fiske Goodeve Fiske-Harrison	1872
date of death	Ponchai Wilkerson (15 July 1971 -- 14 March 2000) (also Ponchai Kamau, Kamau Wilkerson, Ponchai ``Kamau'' Wilkerson) was a convicted murderer executed by lethal injection by the U.S. state of Texas.	Ponchai Wilkerson	14 March 2000
date of death	Ravindra Jain (28 February 1944 -- 9 October 2015) was an Indian music composer and lyricist.	Ravindra Jain	9 October 2015
date of death	Leonard Matheson Norris, better known as Len Norris (1913 in London, England -- 1997 in Langley, British Columbia, Canada), was a longtime editorial cartoonist for the Canadian newspaper Vancouver Sun from 1950 to 1988.	Len Norris	1997
date of death	Eilika of Schweinfurt (c. 1005 -- 10 Dec aft. 1059) came from a Bavarian noble family.	Eilika of Schweinfurt	1059
date of death	Sister Dora (born Dorothy Wyndlow Pattison, 16 January 1832, Hauxwell, Yorkshire - 24 December 1878) was a 19th-century Anglican nun and a nurse in Walsall, West Midlands.	Sister Dora	24 December 1878
date of death	Charles Smart Evans (1778 -- 4 January 1849) was an English vocalist and composer.	Charles Smart Evans	4 January 1849
date of death	Justus Sustermans (28 September 1597 -- 23 April 1681) also known as Giusto Sustermans, was a Flemish painter working in the Baroque style.	Justus Sustermans	23 April 1681
date of death	Jayavarman VI (Khmer: ជ័យវរ្ម័នទី៦) was king of the Khmer Empire from about 1080 to 1107 AD.	Jayavarman VI	1107
date of death	Alice Marian Robertson Wilson (1926 -- April 8, 2013) was an accomplished cellist, linguist and teacher.	Marian Robertson Wilson	2013
date of death	Al-Murtada Muhammad (891? - 1 May 922) was the second imam of the Zaidi state of Yemen, who ruled from 911 to 912 and was a respected religious scholar.	Al-Murtada Muhammad	922
date of death	Jules-Joseph-Taschereau Frémont (20 December 1855 -- 28 March 1902) was a Canadian politician, author, lawyer and professor.	Jules-Joseph-Taschereau Frémont	28 March 1902
date of death	Rudolf Bahro died in Berlin on 5 December 1997 and was buried at the Dorotheenstadt cemetery in Berlin.	Rudolf Bahro	5 December 1997
date of death	Henry Sherburne (March 28, 1611 -- 1680) of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, landed there June 12, 1632 from London, a pioneer who rose to considerable wealth in pre-independence colonial New Hampshire.	Henry Sherburne	1680
date of death	Claude de Bermen de la Martinière (30 May 1636 -- 14 April 1719) was born in France and came to New France in 1662.	Claude de Bermen de la Martinière	14 April 1719
date of death	Celso Sozzini (1517--1570) was an Italian freethinker, brother of Alessandro (father of Fausto), Lelio, Cornelio, Dario, and Camillo.	Celso Sozzini	1570
date of death	Garret Morphy (Irish: Morphey) (c. 1650 -- 1716) was an Irish painter.	Garret Morphy	1716
date of death	Irakli Gamrekeli (Georgian: ირაკლი გამრეკელი; 5 May 1894 -- 10 May 1943) was a Georgian set designer and one of the founders of Georgian avant-garde stage design.	Irakli Gamrekeli	10 May 1943
date of death	Francis Goold Morony Stoney (5 April 1837 - 7 August 1897) was a Victorian era Irish engineer, noted for his work on sluice design.	Francis Goold Morony Stoney	7 August 1897
date of death	Jeremy Rees (8 May 1937 -- 12 December 2003) was a British arts administrator.	Jeremy Rees	12 December 2003
date of death	Alexander C. Stuart (1831--1898) was a British-born American painter, specializing in naval scenes.	Alexander C. Stuart	1898
date of death	Richard Lovelace, 1st Baron Lovelace (1564 -- 22 April 1634) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1601 and 1622.	Richard Lovelace, 1st Baron Lovelace	22 April 1634
date of death	Ğayaz İsxaqıy aka Ayaz İshaki (Tatar Cyrillic: Гаяз Исхакый, Latin: Ğayaz İsxaqıy, Russian: Гаяз Исхаки, Gayaz Iskhaki) (10 February 1878 -- 22 July 1954) was a leading figure of the Tatar national movement, author, journalist, publisher and politician.	Ayaz İshaki	22 July 1954
date of death	Sir Eric Barrington KCB (5 June 1847 -- 24 February 1918) was a British civil servant who was principal private secretary to three Foreign Secretaries.	Eric Barrington	24 February 1918
date of death	William McCune (December 1953 -- May 2011) was an American computer scientist and logician working in the fields of Automated reasoning, Algebra, Logic, and Formal Methods.	William McCune	May 2011
date of death	Donald Baverstock (18 January 1924 -- 17 March 1995) was a British television producer and executive, born in Cardiff, Wales.	Donald Baverstock	17 March 1995
date of death	Prokop František Šedivý (July 4, 1764 -- c. 1810) was a significant Czech playwright, actor, and translator of the National Revival era.	Prokop František Šedivý	1810
date of death	Isabella Harwood or Ross Neil (14 June 1837 -- 29 May 1888) was a British novelist who also wrote dramas in verse.	Isabella Harwood	1888
date of death	Gustav Mahler (7 July 1860 -- 18 May 1911) was an Austrian late-Romantic composer, and one of the leading conductors of his generation.	Gustav Mahler	18 May 1911
date of death	Tone Žnidaršič (5 November 1923 -- 9 April 2007) was a Slovene painter and sculptor who also illustrated children's books and textbooks.	Tone Žnidaršič	9 April 2007
date of death	William Charles Heaton-Armstrong (1 September 1853-20 July 1917) was a British Liberal Party politician, merchant and banker.	William Charles Heaton-Armstrong	20 July 1917
date of death	Roberto Dabbene (1864--1938) was an Italian-Argentine ornithologist.	Roberto Dabbene	1938
date of death	Robert Kelham (1717--1808) was an English attorney and legal antiquary.	Robert Kelham	1808
date of death	Taklung Tsetrul Rinpoche (1926 -- 23 December 2015) was a Tibetan lama and the Supreme Head of the Nyingma School of Tibetan Buddhism.	Taklung Tsetrul Rinpoche	23 December 2015
date of death	Williston Walker, D.D., L.H.D., Ph.D. (1860 -- 1922) was an American Church historian, born at Portland, Me.	Williston Walker	1922
date of death	Norman Jewson (12 February 1884 -- 28 August 1975) was an English architect-craftsman of the Arts and Crafts movement, who practiced in the Cotswolds.	Norman Jewson	28 August 1975
date of death	Manuel Gómez Pedraza (22 April 1789 -- 14 May 1851) was a Mexican general and president of his country from 1832 to 1833.	Manuel Gómez Pedraza	14 May 1851
date of death	Alva Beaman (May 22, 1775 -- November 1837) was an early associate of Joseph Smith and a member of the Latter Day Saint movement.	Alva Beaman	November 1837
date of death	Paul Émile Berthon (1872--1909) was a French artist who produced primarily posters and lithographs.	Paul Émile Berthon	1909
date of death	Henry I, Count of Vianden and Marquis of Namur jure uxoris, born c. 1190/1210 (probably the earlier date), dead 1252.	Henry I, Count of Vianden	1252
date of death	Sir Andries Stockenström, 1st Baronet, (6 July 1792 in Cape Town -- 16 March 1864 in London) was lieutenant governor of British Kaffraria from 13 September 1836 to 9 August 1838.	Andries Stockenström	16 March 1864
date of death	Łazarz Andrysowicz (died 1577) was a Polish Renaissance printer, founder of the Oficyna Łazarzowa.	Łazarz Andrysowicz	1577
date of death	Anna Kamieńska-Łapińska (Rowiny, Drohiczyn Poleski County, 26 July 1932 -- 29 June 2007, Warsaw) was a Polish sculptor and animated-film scenarist.	Anna Kamieńska-Łapińska	29 June 2007
date of death	Alfred Roberts (18 April 1892 -- 10 February 1970) was an English grocer, lay preacher, and politician.	Alfred Roberts	10 February 1970
date of death	Adolphe Tonduz (1862-1921) was a Swiss botanist who collected plants in both Guatemala and Costa Rica.	Adolphe Tonduz	1921
date of death	Tshudpud Namgyal (Sikkimese: གཅུག་ཕུད་རྣམ་རྒྱལ་; Wylie: gtsug phud rnam rgyal) (1785--1863) was king of Sikkim from 1793--1863.	Tshudpud Namgyal	1863
date of death	Alf Oldham (16 October 1899 -- 26 September 1972) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Alf Oldham	26 September 1972
date of death	William Roy Brien (11 November 1930 -- 27 January 1987) was an English footballer who played one game for Port Vale in the Football League on 17 April 1954.	Roy Brien	27 January 1987
date of death	Helming Leget (died 1412), of Tottenham, Middlesex and Black Notley, Essex, was an English politician.	Helming Leget	1412
date of death	Jacinto Barrasa (or Barraza) (born at Lima, Peru, early in the seventeenth century; died there, 22 November 1704) was a Peruvian Jesuit preacher and historian.	Jacinto Barrasa	22 November 1704
date of death	John Alan Burns, 4th Baron Inverclyde, KStJ (12 December 1897 -- 17 June 1957) was a Scottish nobleman, the son of James, 3rd Lord Inverclyde and Charlotte Mary Emily née Nugent-Dunbar.	Alan Burns, 4th Baron Inverclyde	17 June 1957
date of death	Richard Crosbie (1755-1824) was the first Irishman to make a manned flight.	Richard Crosbie	1824
date of death	Tommy McCook (3 March 1927 -- 5 May 1998) was a Jamaican saxophonist.	Tommy McCook	5 May 1998
date of death	Louis Rosenhead (1 January 1906 -- 10 November 1984) was a British mathematician noted for his work on Fluid mechanics who was Head of Department at Liverpool University from 1933 to 1973.	Louis Rosenhead	10 November 1984
date of death	Albert Sturgess (21 October 1882 -- 16 July 1957) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Norwich City, Sheffield United and Stoke he also played for the England national team.	Albert Sturgess	16 July 1957
date of death	Dr. Seymour C.Y. Cheng (1902-1954) was an American diplomat of Chinese heritage.	Seymour C.Y. Cheng	1954
date of death	Alex Seidel (4 July 1909 -- 24 October 1989) was a German weapons manufacturer and the co-founder of Heckler & Koch along with Theodor Koch and Edmund Heckler.	Alex Seidel	24 October 1989
date of death	Garrett Howard (10 December 1899 -- 20 January 1995) was an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-back for the Limerick, Dublin and Tipperary senior teams.	Garrett Howard	20 January 1995
date of death	John Anthony Galignani (1796--1873), and William (1798--1882), publishers of Paris, were the sons of Giovanni Antonio Galignani (1757--1821), by Anne Parsons (1776--1822).	John Anthony Galignani	1873
date of death	Otto, Count of Ballenstedt, called Otto the Rich (c. 1070 -- 9 February 1123), was the first Ascanian prince to call himself count of Anhalt, and was also briefly named duke of Saxony.	Otto, Count of Ballenstedt	9 February 1123
date of death	Mario Raggi (1821--1907) was an Italian sculptor who settled in England.	Mario Raggi	1907
date of death	Brigadier-General Sir Berkeley Vincent, KBE CB CMG (4 December 1871 -- 29 January 1963) was a British army officer and sportsman.	Berkeley Vincent	29 January 1963
date of death	Stoyan Stoyanov (12 March 1913 -- 1994) was the highest scoring Bulgarian fighter ace of the Royal Bulgarian Air Force in World War II with 14 victories.	Stoyan Stoyanov	1994
date of death	Daniel Alexander Williamson (1823--1903) was a British artist, part of a group of Liverpool painters who were influenced by the Pre-Raphaelite style.	Daniel Alexander Williamson	1903
date of death	Charlotte Guillard (died 1557) was the first woman printer of importance.	Charlotte Guillard	1557
date of death	Rudolph Beyer (October 30, 1889 -- February 1970) was an American bookkeeper, chemical and surgical glassblower and Socialist politician from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Rudolph Beyer	1970
date of death	Archibald Kennedy, 3rd Marquess of Ailsa (1 September 1847 -- 9 April 1938) was a Scottish peer, the eldest son of Archibald Kennedy, 2nd Marquess of Ailsa.	Archibald Kennedy, 3rd Marquess of Ailsa	9 April 1938
date of death	Chob Yodkaew (died 1 May 2013) was a Thai economist and politician appointed Senator for the Southern region.	Chob Yodkaew	1 May 2013
date of death	Paolo Schiavo, the pseudonym of Paolo di Stefano Badaloni (1397-1478) was a Florentine painter.	Paolo Schiavo	1478
date of death	Richard Annesley, 6th Earl of Anglesey (c. 1693 -- 14 February 1761), known as The Lord Altham between 1727 and 1737, was an Irish peer and governor of Wexford.	Richard Annesley, 6th Earl of Anglesey	14 February 1761
date of death	Bryan Robertson OBE (1 April 1925 -- 18 November 2002) was an English curator and arts manager described by Studio International as ``the greatest Director the Tate Gallery never had''.	Bryan Robertson	18 November 2002
date of death	Hans Frankenthal (July 15, 1926 -- December 22, 1999) was a German Jew who was deported to the Auschwitz concentration camp in occupied Poland in 1943.	Hans Frankenthal	1999
date of death	Carl Degenkolb (1796-1862) was a German industrialist, who is generally understood to have pioneered the first codetermination plans in his factories, as well as participating in drafting the first codetermination law during the failed 1848 Revolutions.	Carl Degenkolb	1862
date of death	Henry Wickham Wickham (1800 -- 23 September 1867) was British Conservative party politician.	Henry Wickham Wickham	23 September 1867
date of death	Count Karl Wilhelm von Toll (Russian: Карл Вильгельм Фёдорович Толль ; 9 April 1777, Keskvere, Governorate of Estonia - 5 May 1842) was a Baltic German aristocrat and Russian subject who served in the Imperial Russian Army in the campaigns against the Napoleonic Army.	Karl Wilhelm von Toll	5 May 1842
date of death	Adeline Oppenheim Guimard (1872 -- 1960) was an American painter noted for her portraits in gouache and colored crayons.	Adeline Oppenheim Guimard	1960
date of death	Arnold Armitage (1899--1991) was a British-born artist and illustrator, best known for his work with pin-up art. He moved to the United States around 1925 and settled in Hollywood, California, working for the Foster and Kleiser Company, which produced billboards.	Arnold Armitage	1991
date of death	Alfred Oscar Elzner (1862--1933) was a prominent American architect in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Alfred Oscar Elzner	1933
date of death	Bungaree, or Boongaree, (1775 -- 24 November 1830) was an Aboriginal Australian from the Broken Bay area, who was known as an explorer, entertainer, and Aboriginal community leader.	Bungaree	24 November 1830
date of death	Thomas Dudley (12 October 1576 -- 31 July 1653) was a colonial magistrate who served several terms as governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony.	Thomas Dudley	31 July 1653
date of death	Lucas Sithole (1931-1994) was a South African sculptor best known for his work in mainly indigenous woods, as well as for his sculptures in bronze, stone and other media.	Lucas Sithole	1994
date of death	Yvonne McKague Housser (1898--1996), Canadian painter and teacher.	Yvonne McKague Housser	1996
date of death	Edward Pritchard Martin (20 January 1844 Dowlais - 25 September 1910 Harrogate) was a British engineer, and steel maker.	Edward Pritchard Martin	25 September 1910
date of death	Frank Raubicheck (1857--1952) was an American painter and etcher who arrived in the United States from Bohemia in the 1870s.	Frank Raubicheck	1952
date of death	Thomas Arnold Harvey (known as Arnold; born 17 April 1878 in Marsh's Library, Dublin, Ireland; died 25 December 1966 in Dublin) was an Irish cricketer and Rugby Union player.	Arnold Harvey	25 December 1966
date of death	Olav Sandvik (2 November 1925 -- 16 February 2010) was a Norwegian veterinarian and civil servant.	Olav Sandvik	16 February 2010
date of death	The Honourable William Cust (23 January 1787 -- 3 March 1845), was a British barrister and Member of Parliament (MP).	William Cust	3 March 1845
date of death	Marie Louise Habets (January 1905-May 1986) was a Belgian nurse and former religious sister whose life was fictionalised as Sister Luke (Gabrielle van der Mal) in The Nun's Story, a bestselling 1956 book by American author Kathryn Hulme.	Marie Louise Habets	May 1986
date of death	Frank Coulton (February 1862 -- 1929) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Aston Villa.	Frank Coulton	1929
date of death	John Romney (June 1785 -- 1 February 1863) was an English artist in printmaking and watercolour who lived and worked in London and Chester.	John Romney	1 February 1863
date of death	Gheorghe Apostoleanu (1832-1895) was a Romanian politician and jurist who served as the acting Minister of Justice from March 30, 1860 until April 30, 1860.	Gheorghe Apostoleanu	1895
date of death	Mary Knight Wood Mason (17 April 1857 -- 20 December 1944) was an American pianist, music educator and composer.	Mary Knight Wood	20 December 1944
date of death	Geneviève Behrend (1881 in Paris -- 1960 in United States) was a French-born author and teacher of Mental Science, a New Thought discipline created by Thomas Troward.	Geneviève Behrend	1960
date of death	Henry Hampton (8 January 1940 -- 22 November 1998) was an American filmmaker.	Henry Hampton	22 November 1998
date of death	Peter Füri (9 October 1937 -- 11 May 2015) was a Swiss football player and manager, who played during the 1950s and 1960s.	Peter Füri	11 May 2015
date of death	Delia Murphy Kiernan (16 February 1902 -- 11 February 1971) was a singer and collector of Irish ballads.	Delia Murphy	11 February 1971
date of death	Mona Vasquez (1960 -- 2 September 2011) was a former Scientologist who was active in Scientology's headquarters in Europe, in Copenhagen, in the 1980s.	Mona Vasquez	2 September 2011
date of death	Carl Heinrich Schnauffer (4 July 1823 Heimsheim - 4 September 1854 Baltimore, Maryland) was a poet, soldier and editor.	Carl Heinrich Schnauffer	4 September 1854
date of death	Rosina Ferrara (1861--1934) was an Italian girl from the island of Capri, who became the favorite muse of American expatriate artist John Singer Sargent.	Rosina Ferrara	1934
date of death	John William Beatty (1869--1941) was a Canadian painter who was a forerunner in the movement which became the Group of Seven in 1920.	John William Beatty	1941
date of death	The Reverend William Lubbock MA BD (Cantab) (baptized North Walsham, Norfolk, 17 January 1701, died North Walsham 20 April 1754) was an English divine, Fellow of Caius College, Cambridge, and Church of England clergyman.	William Lubbock	20 April 1754
date of death	Maryon Lane (15 February 1931 -- 13 June 2008) was a South African ballet dancer who became well known in England as a ballerina of the Sadler's Wells Theatre Ballet and as a soloist with the Royal Ballet.	Maryon Lane	13 June 2008
date of death	Francis Annesley, 1st Earl Annesley (27 November 1740 - 19 December 1802) was an Anglo-Irish politician and peer.	Francis Annesley, 1st Earl Annesley	19 December 1802
date of death	Wilhelm Grube (Chinese: 葛祿博; pinyin: Gé Lùbó) (17 August 1855 -- 2 July 1908) was a German sinologist and ethnographer.	Wilhelm Grube	2 July 1908
date of death	General José Ignacio de Gorriti (1770 -- 9 November 1835) was an Argentine statesman, soldier and lawyer.	José Ignacio de Gorriti	9 November 1835
date of death	Mary Boomer Page (? - December 3, 1927) of Chicago, Illinois was director of the Gertrude House settlement and president of the Kindergarten Literature Company.	Mary Boomer Page	1927
date of death	Ettore Tavernari (6 January 1905 - 1981) was an Italian athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres and 800 metres.	Ettore Tavernari	1981
date of death	Robert Baudin (1918--1983) was a counterfeiter, conman and aerial photographer.	Robert Baudin	1983
date of death	Tama Kurokawa, Lady Arnold (1869-1962) was the third wife of Sir Edwin Arnold.	Tama Kurokawa	1962
date of death	Maureen Mollie Hunter McIlwraith, more commonly known as Mollie Hunter (30 June 1922 -- 31 July 2012) was a Scottish writer.	Mollie Hunter	31 July 2012
date of death	Cristóvão da Costa or Cristóbal Acosta and Latinized as Christophorus Acosta Africanus (c. 1525 -- c. 1594) was a Portuguese doctor and natural historian.	Cristóbal Acosta	1594
date of death	Vicente Acero y Arebo (c. 1675/1680 -- 1739) was a Spanish Baroque architect whose contributed significantly to the design and construction of the cathedrals of Granada, Guadix, Cádiz, and Málaga.	Vicente Acero	1739
date of death	Wu Mingche (吳明徹) (512--578), courtesy name Tongzhao (通昭), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Chen Dynasty.	Wu Mingche	578
date of death	Kadri Gjata (1865--1912) was an Albanian patriot, writer and educator.	Kadri Gjata	1912
date of death	Margaret Bernadine Hall (1863 -- 2 January 1910) was an English painter who spent most of her career in Paris.	Margaret Bernadine Hall	2 January 1910
date of death	Mervyn Burtch MBE (7 November 1929 -- 12 May 2015) was a Welsh composer, best known for his work with children's music projects.	Mervyn Burtch	12 May 2015
date of death	Friedrich-Erdmann von Hake (14 August 1898 -- 22 March 1982) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the 13.	Friedrich-Erdmann von Hake	22 March 1982
date of death	Pola Weiss Álvarez (born, died Mexico City; 1947- 1990) was a Mexican independent television producer, scholar, and video and performance artist known as a pioneer in video art in Latin America.	Pola Weiss Álvarez	1990
date of death	William Brockie (1811--1890) was a 19th-century Scottish born writer, newspaper editor, poet and songwriter who lived for many years in Sunderland.	William Brockie	1890
date of death	Frank Harris Patterson (1890 -- 1976) was a Nova Scotian lawyer, jurist and historian.	Frank Harris Patterson	1976
date of death	Duke Ligong of Qin (Chinese: 秦厲共公; pinyin: Qín Lìgòng Gōng, died 443 BC) was from 476 to 443 BC the 22nd ruler of the Zhou Dynasty Chinese state of Qin that eventually united China to become the Qin Dynasty.	Duke Ligong of Qin	443
date of death	Carel Hendrik Bartels (29 September 1792 -- 10 February 1850) was the wealthiest and most important mulatto trader and businessman on the Dutch Gold Coast in the second quarter of the nineteenth century.	Carel Hendrik Bartels	10 February 1850
date of death	Charles Guillaume Alexandre Bourgeois (16 December 1759 -- 7 May 1832) was a French physicist and painter.	Charles Guillaume Alexandre Bourgeois	7 May 1832
date of death	Doloris Bridges (ca. 1916 -- January 16, 1969), widow of 25-year U.S. Senator H. Styles Bridges, was the first woman to seek election to the U.S. Senate from New Hampshire.	Doloris Bridges	1969
date of death	Zacarías Yanzi (February 1801 - August 1888 ) was an Argentine soldier and politician who participated in the war of independence and served briefly as Governor of San Juan Province.	Zacarías Yanzi	August 1888
date of death	General Sir John Murray, 8th Baronet, GCH (c.1768 -- 15 October 1827) led a brigade under Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington in the Peninsular War.	Sir John Murray, 8th Baronet	15 October 1827
date of death	Russell Lant Carpenter (December 17, 1816 -- 1892), a Unitarian minister who carried on the works of his father, Dr. Lant Carpenter and wrote his biography.	Russell Lant Carpenter	1892
date of death	Frederick Whittaker Dixon (1854--1935) was an architect practising in Oldham, Lancashire.	Frederick Whittaker Dixon	1935
date of death	Mark Colton (17 March 1961 -- 5 August 1995) was a British racing driver and software author.	Mark Colton	5 August 1995
date of death	Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds (10 November 1942 -- 4 January 2016) was a Latvian computer scientist and mathematician.	Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds	4 January 2016
date of death	Paulus van de Perre (Middelburg?, 1598? -- London, 14 December 1653) was a Dutch politician and diplomat.	Paulus van de Perre	14 December 1653
date of death	Thomas Weaver (1773--1855) was an English mining engineer and geologist.	Thomas Weaver	1855
date of death	Jacob van Reesbroeck or Jacob van Rysbroeck (c. 6 December 1620 -- 27 February 1704) was a Flemish portrait painter and engraver from Antwerp whose patrons included prominent local families as well as foreign aristocrats and monarchs.	Jacob van Reesbroeck	27 February 1704
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Mahmood Khan Durrani, GC (1914--1995) was a South Asian recipient of the George Cross, awarded for acts of the greatest heroism or of the most conspicuous courage in circumstances of extreme danger.	Mahmood Khan Durrani	1995
date of death	Emil Fick (18 July 1863 -- 20 February 1930) was Swedish fencer.	Emil Fick	20 February 1930
date of death	Vuko Vukadinović (Serbian: Вуко Вукадиновић) (11 August 1937 -- 3 November 1993) was a member of the League of Communists of Montenegro and the President of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro from 1986--1989.	Vuko Vukadinović	3 November 1993
date of death	Benedetto Justiniani (1550 -- 19 December 1622) was a Jesuit theologian and Biblical writer from Genoa, in what is today Italy.	Benedetto Justiniani	19 December 1622
date of death	Alfred Newman Gilbey (1901--1998) was a British Roman Catholic priest and monsignor.	Alfred Newman Gilbey	1998
date of death	Ælfwaru (died 27 February 1007) was an Anglo-Saxon noblewoman, who bequeathed her lands to churches such as Ely, and Ramsey.	Ælfwaru	27 February 1007
date of death	Zlatomir Obradov (25 January 1941 -- 24 April 2013) was a Croatian footballer during the 60s of the 20th century and later coach.	Zlatomir Obradov	24 April 2013
date of death	Peter Gladstone (16 October 1928 -- 25 July 2000) was a British naturalist and wildfowl expert.	Peter Gladstone	25 July 2000
date of death	Joseph Henry Chesterton (c.1840 -- 26 January 1883) was a plant collector who was sent by James Veitch & Sons to search for orchids in South America with much success.	Henry Chesterton	1883
date of death	Alexander Bedward (born 1848 in St. Andrew, a rural parish north of Kingston, Jamaica - died 1930) was the founder of Bedwardism.	Alexander Bedward	1930
date of death	Ibtihal Salem (1949 -- 15 August 2015) was an Egyptian short story writer, novelist and translator.	Ibtihal Salem	15 August 2015
date of death	George Michael Singleton CBE MC (12 May 1913--11 December 2002) was an English cricketer who played three first-class games, appearing once for Cambridge University and twice for Worcestershire.	Michael Singleton	2002
date of death	John Troutbeck (12 November 1832, Blencowe, Cumberland -- 11 October 1899, London) was a Minor Canon of Westminster Abbey and Chaplain in Ordinary to Queen Victoria whose renown rests on his translation of various continental choral texts including the major works of Bach.	John Troutbeck	1899
date of death	Maurice Vidal Portman (21 March 1860 in London, Ontario, Canada - 14 February 1935 in Axbridge, Somerset, UK) was a British naval officer, who is best known for his documentation and pacification of several Andamanese tribes between 1879 and 1901.	Maurice Vidal Portman	1935
date of death	John Giles Eccardt (1720--1779) was a German-born British portrait painter.	John Giles Eccardt	1779
date of death	J. A. François Héraly (1856 -- between 20 and 22 July 1920) was a Canadian clarinetist, bandmaster, and music educator of Belgian birth.	François Héraly	22 July 1920
date of death	Mohamed Sibari (1945 -- 28 November 2013) was a Moroccan poet, novelist and translator.	Mohamed Sibari	28 November 2013
date of death	William Jowett (1787 -- 20 February 1855) was a missionary and author, in 1813 becoming the first Anglican clergyman to volunteer for the overseas service of the Church Missionary Society.	William Jowett	20 February 1855
date of death	Lawrence Alexander Sidney Johnson, (26 June 1925 -- 1 August 1997) known as Lawrie Johnson, was an Australian taxonomic botanist.	Lawrence Alexander Sidney Johnson	1 August 1997
date of death	Annette Worsley-Taylor MBE (2 July 1944 -- 24 August 2015) founded London Fashion Week.	Annette Worsley-Taylor	24 August 2015
date of death	Johann Karl Simon Morgenstern (28 August (O.S. 17 August) 1770 -- 15 September (O.S. 3 September) 1852) was a German philologist in Livonia, the first director of the library of the Imperial University of Dorpat.	Johann Karl Simon Morgenstern	3 September) 1852
date of death	Yeung Hok-ling (楊鶴齡) (1868 - 29 August 1934), courtesy name Lai-ha (禮遐), was a Chinese revolutionary from Cuiheng Village, Heungshan, Kwangtung.	Yeung Hok-ling	29 August 1934
date of death	Joseph Beaulieu (21 May 1895 -- 1 October 1965) was a Canadian composer, folklorist, and music educator.	Joseph Beaulieu	1 October 1965
date of death	Richard le Scrope, 1st Baron Scrope of Bolton (c. 1327 -- 1403) was an English soldier and courtier, serving Richard II of England.	Richard le Scrope, 1st Baron Scrope of Bolton	1403
date of death	Vasile Zavoda, known as Zavoda II or Tigrul Akbar (26 July 1929 -- 14 July 2014), was a Romanian football player.	Vasile Zavoda	14 July 2014
date of death	Lawrence York Spear (23 October 1870--9 September 1950) was an American naval officer and businessman who spent the majority of his career working for the Electric Boat Company.	Lawrence York Spear	9 September 1950
date of death	Eldred Pottinger (12 August 1811 -- 15 November 1843) was an Anglo-Indian army officer and diplomat.	Eldred Pottinger	15 November 1843
date of death	Bruce Charles Savage (30 July 1906 -- 4 February 1993) was the United States Public Housing Administration Commissioner under President Dwight D. Eisenhower, serving from 1960 to 1961.	Bruce Charles Savage	4 February 1993
date of death	Charles Eric Corbett (6 October 1917 - 6 April 2002) was a clergyman in the Church of England, who was Archdeacon of Liverpool from 1970 to 1979.	Eric Corbett	6 April 2002
date of death	Qamar Jalalabadi, also known as Qamar Jalabadi (1919 -- 9 January 2003), was an Indian poet and lyricist of songs of Hindi movies.	Qamar Jalalabadi	9 January 2003
date of death	Klauss Vianna (Belo Horizonte, 1928 -- São Paulo, 1992) was a Brazilian dancer, choreographer and theater director.	Klauss Vianna	1992
date of death	Louisa Bassano (19 February 1818 -- 20 August 1908) was an English opera singer.	Louisa Bassano	20 August 1908
date of death	Hans Schaffner (16 December 1908 in Interlaken -- 26 November 2004) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1961--1970).	Hans Schaffner	26 November 2004
date of death	Ellis Price or Prys (by 1514-8 October 1594) was a Welsh administrator and MP.	Ellis Price	8 October 1594
date of death	Princess Li Jingshou (李敬受) (died 437?) was a princess of the Chinese/Xiongnu state Northern Liang.	Princess Li Jingshou	437
date of death	Craig Luebben (20 March 1960 -- 9 August 2009) was an American rock climber and author.	Craig Luebben	9 August 2009
date of death	Colonel Peter Beckford (1643--1710) was acting Governor of Jamaica in 1702.	Peter Beckford	1710
date of death	George Linnaeus Banks (2 March 1821 -- 3 May 1881), husband of author Isabella Banks, was a British journalist, editor, poet, playwright, amateur actor, orator, and Methodist.	George Linnaeus Banks	3 May 1881
date of death	Frank Chapple, Baron Chapple of Hoxton (8 August 1921 -- 19 October 2004) was general secretary of the Electrical, Electronic, Telecommunications and Plumbing Union (EETPU), a leading British trade union.	Frank Chapple	19 October 2004
date of death	Antonio Aguilar Barraza (17 May 1919 -- 19 June 2007) was a Mexican singer, songwriter, film actor, film producer, and screenwriter.	Antonio Aguilar	19 June 2007
date of death	Raja Rajeswara Sethupathi (Tamil: ராஜ ராஜேஸ்வர சேதுபதி) or Muthuramalinga Sethupathy (3 June 1889 - 1929) was the Raja of Ramnad from 1903 to 1929.	Raja Rajeswara Sethupathi	1929
date of death	Richard Capel (1586--1656) was an English nonconforming clergyman of Calvinist views, a member of the Westminster Assembly, and for a period of his life a practicing physician.	Richard Capel	1656
date of death	Nicolas Chevalier, Baron de Grissé (1562--1630) was first president of the Cour des aides in Paris from 20 April 1610, as well as Councillor of State, superintendent of Navarre and Béarn, and twice ambassador to England.	Nicolas Chevalier	1630
date of death	William Jardine Gresson (1869 -- 10 January 1934) was a British merchant and politician in Hong Kong and China.	William Jardine Gresson	10 January 1934
date of death	Tomm Murstad (2 July 1915 -- 19 January 2001) was a Norwegian skier, coach and businessperson.	Tomm Murstad	19 January 2001
date of death	Charles Gosse (26 December 1849 -- 1 July 1885) was a surgeon in the early days of the colony of South Australia.	Charles Gosse	1 July 1885
date of death	David Ablett (4 February 1941 -- 24 July 2010) was a Canadian journalist and editor for The Vancouver Sun, the Toronto Star, and other media.	David Ablett	24 July 2010
date of death	Pawnee Bill (February 14, 1860 -- February 3, 1942), born Gordon William Lillie, was an American showman and performer who specialized in Wild West shows and was known for his short partnership with Buffalo Bill.	Pawnee Bill	1942
date of death	Pandit Madhusudan Gupta (Bengali: মধুসূদন গুপ্ত) (1800 -- 15 November 1856) was an Indian doctor and the first Indian trained in Western medicine to dissect a human corpse.	Madhusudan Gupta	15 November 1856
date of death	Simon Tortell (8 August 1959 -- 15 June 2012) was a Maltese footballer.	Simon Tortell	15 June 2012
date of death	Sir Richard Kennedy, 2nd Baronet, of Newtownmountkennedy (c.1615-1685) was an Irish politician, landowner and judge who held the office of Baron of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland).	Sir Richard Kennedy, 2nd Baronet	1685
date of death	Murdo Macfarlane (15 Feb 1901 - 1982) (Gaelic: Murchadh MacPhàrlain) known as 'Bàrd Mhealboist' (the Melbost Bard) he was a published poet and campaigner for Scottish Gaelic, especially during the 1970s, when the ceartas movement was gaining strength.	Murdo Macfarlane	1982
date of death	Eduard Locher (15 January 1840 in Zurich -- 2 June 1910 in Zurich) was a Swiss engineer, inventor and independent contractor who received a doctorate honoris causa for his work.	Eduard Locher	2 June 1910
date of death	Sir Edward Herbert Bunbury, 9th Baronet (8 July 1811 -- 5 March 1895), known as Edward Bunbury until 1886, was a British Liberal Party politician.	Edward Bunbury	5 March 1895
date of death	Sigeberht the Little was king of Essex from 617 to 653.	Sigeberht the Little	653
date of death	Jim Fargie (30 October 1886 -- 18 June 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Fargie	18 June 1960
date of death	Alessandro Molinari (1898 -- 1962) was the first General Director of ISTAT, which was then known as the National Institute of Technology, in Fascist Italy.	Alessandro Molinari	1962
date of death	Bogdan Gavrilović (Serbian Cyrillic: Богдан Гавриловић) (1864--1947) was a Serbian mathematician, physicist, philosopher, and educator.	Bogdan Gavrilović	1947
date of death	Raoul Gradis (15 June 1861 -- 18 June 1943) was a French painter, composer and shipowner.	Raoul Gradis	18 June 1943
date of death	Vojo Dimitrijević (Sarajevo 20 May 1910 - 12 August 1980, Sarajevo) was one of the most notable Yugoslav painters.	Vojo Dimitrijević	12 August 1980
date of death	Lord Charles Spencer PC (31 March 1740 -- 16 June 1820) was a British politician and courtier from the Spencer family.	Lord Charles Spencer	16 June 1820
date of death	Myrtle Solomon (9 June 1921 -- 22 April 1987) was an active pacifist.	Myrtle Solomon	22 April 1987
date of death	Jean Salmon Macrin (1490 -- 20 October 1557) was a Neo-Latin poet of French nationality.	Jean Salmon Macrin	20 October 1557
date of death	Richard Malone, 1st Baron Sunderlin (c.1738 -- 14 April 1816) was an Anglo-Irish politician and peer.	Richard Malone, 1st Baron Sunderlin	14 April 1816
date of death	Edgar Stanton Davidson (May 17, 1897 to November 1, 1984) was born in Wellsville, Ohio which is in Yellow Creek Township, Columbiana County, Ohio.	Edgar Stanton Davidson	1984
date of death	Denis Robert Pack-Beresford OBE (1864--1942) was an Irish entomologist and arachnologist.	Denis Robert Pack-Beresford	1942
date of death	Edward Waterson (?? -- 7 January 1594 (NS)) was an English Catholic priest and martyr.	Edward Waterson	1594
date of death	Theophilus Dillingham (1613--1678) was an English churchman and academic, Master of Clare Hall, Cambridge and Archdeacon of Bedford.	Theophilus Dillingham	1678
date of death	Rev John Sutherland Black FRSE LLD (1846--1923) was a Scottish biblical scholar and contributor to the Encyclopedia Britannica and Dictionary of National Biography.	John Sutherland Black	1923
date of death	Gottfried Ephraim Scheibel (1696--1759) was a German theologian and writer about music.	Gottfried Ephraim Scheibel	1759
date of death	George C. Griffin (1897--1990) served in various positions at his alma mater, the Georgia Institute of Technology, most notably as Dean of Men from 1946 to 1964.	George C. Griffin	1990
date of death	The Rev. Joseph Jackson Fuller (1825--1908), Baptist missionary to the pre-colonial African Chiefdoms of the Cameroons, was one of the earliest slaves to be freed in Jamaica (initially under the partial freedoms of the ``apprenticeship act'') who went on to become well-educated and travel internationally.	Joseph Jackson Fuller	1908
date of death	Hans Bull Brodtkorb Mohr (26 September 1886 -- 29 January 1973) was a Norwegian educator and international cooperation activist.	Hans Bull Brodtkorb Mohr	29 January 1973
date of death	Theodorus Willem van Lidth de Jeude (1 February 1853 -- 29 May 1937) was a Dutch zoologist and herpetologist.	Theodorus Willem van Lidth de Jeude	29 May 1937
date of death	Joseph Ndandarika (c. 1941 -- May 1991) was a Zimbabwean sculptor known for his figurative works.	Joseph Ndandarika	1991
date of death	Hugh IV, Count of Rethel (1244-1285) was a son of Manasses V and his wife, Elisabeth of Écry.	Hugh IV, Count of Rethel	1285
date of death	Enver Ahmed (1909--1992), pen name Ahmed, was an Indian cartoonist and creator of Chandu, the turbanned, paunchy central character of a popular cartoon strip in the Hindustan Times.	Enver Ahmed	1992
date of death	Henry Spencer, 1st Earl of Sunderland, 3rd Baron Spencer of Wormleighton (c. 23 November 1620 -- 20 September 1643), known as The Lord Spencer between 1636 and June 1643, was an English peer from the Spencer family who fought and died in the English civil war on the side of the Cavaliers.	Henry Spencer, 1st Earl of Sunderland	20 September 1643
date of death	Robert Percy Smith, known as ``Bobus'' Smith (7 May 1770 -- 10 March 1845), was a British lawyer, Member of Parliament, and Judge Advocate-General of Bengal, India.	Robert Percy Smith	10 March 1845
date of death	Robert Dorsay (16 August 1904 -- 29 October 1943) was a German actor, dancer, and singer.	Robert Dorsay	29 October 1943
date of death	Geoff Twentyman (19 January 1930 -- 16 February 2004) was an English footballer who is mainly remembered for his links with Liverpool Football Club as both a player and as chief scout.	Geoff Twentyman	16 February 2004
date of death	James Relly (c.1722 -- 25 April 1778) was a Welshman, Methodist minister and mentor of John Murray who spread Universalism in the United States.	James Relly	25 April 1778
date of death	Knut-Olaf Haustein (20 September 1934 -- 10 February 2006) was a German physician best known for his work studying the effects of tobacco smoking.	Knut-Olaf Haustein	10 February 2006
date of death	Jacob Valero (1813--1874) was the founder of the first private bank in Palestine, Jacob Valero & Company.	Jacob Valero	1874
date of death	William Aleyn (fl. 1430--1448) was a 15th-century English pirate.	William Aleyn	1448
date of death	Mulla Morad ibn Ali Khan Tafreshi (1549-1641 CE) was a theologian, man of wisdom and jurist during the Safavid period.	Mulla Morad ibn Ali Khan Tafreshi	1641
date of death	Pendyala Nageswara Rao (Telugu: పెండ్యాల నాగేశ్వరరావు) (6 March 1917 -- 31 August 1984) was a popular drama actor, singer and music director in Telugu Film Industry for over 25 years from early 1950s to late 1970s.	Pendyala Nageswara Rao	31 August 1984
date of death	Nina Kulagina, Ninel Sergeyevna Kulagina (Russian: Нине́ль Серге́евна Кула́гина) (aka Nelya Mikhailova) (30 July 1926 -- April 1990) was a Russian woman who claimed to have psychic powers, particularly in psychokinesis.	Nina Kulagina	1990
date of death	Martha Magee (c. 1755-1846) was a philanthropist and a co-founder and the namesake of Magee College in Ireland.	Martha Magee	1846
date of death	Josef Velek, ing. (Master of Art, Technology) (November 30, 1939-April 30, 1990) was a Czechoslovak (Czech) journalist, author and environmentalist.	Josef Velek	1990
date of death	Barbara George (16 August 1942 -- 10 August 2006) was an American R&B singer and songwriter.	Barbara George	10 August 2006
date of death	Thomas Coggeshall (died 1402), of New Hall in Boreham, Great Baddow and Sandon, Essex, was an English politician.	Thomas Coggeshall	1402
date of death	Edward Winslow (1595 -- 1655) was a Separatist who traveled on the Mayflower in 1620.	Edward Winslow	1655
date of death	Philippe Le Sueur Mourant (1848 -- 21 August 1918) was a Jersey writer who wrote in Jèrriais and French.	Philippe Le Sueur Mourant	21 August 1918
date of death	Vice-Admiral Thomas Butler, 6th Earl of Ossory, KG, PC, PC(I) (8 July 1634 -- 30 July 1680) was an Irish politician.	Thomas Butler, 6th Earl of Ossory	30 July 1680
date of death	Ferdinando Fairfax (born in 1766 at Shannon Hill, Jefferson County, Virginia (now West Virginia); died on 24 September 1820 at Mount Eagle, Fairfax County, Virginia) was a Virginia landowner and member of the prominent Fairfax family.	Ferdinando Fairfax	1820
date of death	Harry Ainsworth (1887 or 1888--4 August 1965) was a British newspaper editor.	Harry Ainsworth	4 August 1965
date of death	Otto Zuckerkandl (28 December 1861, Raab - 1 July 1921, Vienna) was an Austrian urologist and surgeon.	Otto Zuckerkandl	1 July 1921
date of death	Giovanni Baldelli (1914--1986) was an anarchist theorist, best known for his 1971 work Social Anarchism which defines social anarchism and provides a framework for its introduction.	Giovanni Baldelli	1986
date of death	Carlo Bonavia (died 1788) was an Italian painter known for idyllic landscape paintings, engravings and drawings.	Carlo Bonavia	1788
date of death	Sigurd Jonsson (1390s -- December 1452) was a Norwegian nobleman, knight and the supreme leader of Norway during two interregnums in the mid-15th century.	Sigurd Jonsson	December 1452
date of death	John ``Jack'' Rackham (26 December 1682 -- 18 November 1720), commonly known as Calico Jack, was an English pirate captain operating in the Bahamas and in Cuba during the early 18th century.	Calico Jack	18 November 1720
date of death	Nina Hunt (1932--1995) was a Manx Latin American dance coach and choreographer.	Nina Hunt	1995
date of death	Captain Federico Caprilli (8 April 1868 - 6 December 1907) was an Italian cavalry officer and equestrian who revolutionized the jumping seat.	Federico Caprilli	6 December 1907
date of death	Andrey Chokhov, also spelled Chekhov (Андрей Чохов (Чехов) in Russian) (c. 1545 -- 1629, Moscow) was one of the most prominent Russian casters.	Andrey Chokhov	1629
date of death	Kenneth Norman Bell (1884 -- 1951) was a fellow of Balliol College, Oxford from 1914 to his death in 1951.	Kenneth Norman Bell	1951
date of death	Emily Quihampton (19 July 1834 -- 29 March 1909) was a 19th-century outdoor enthusiast who was the first woman to climb Mont Blanc and Monte Rosa in the same week.	Emily Quihampton	29 March 1909
date of death	Michael George (18 December 1888 -- 10 June 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Michael George	10 June 1957
date of death	Zvi Yehuda Kook (Hebrew: צבי יהודה קוק‎, born 23 April 1891, died 9 March 1982) was a rabbi, leader of Religious Zionism and Rosh Yeshiva of the Mercaz HaRav yeshiva.	Zvi Yehuda Kook	9 March 1982
date of death	Daniel Kinnear Clark (17 July 1822 -- 22 January 1896) was a Scottish consulting railway engineer.	Daniel Kinnear Clark	22 January 1896
date of death	Nancy Dawson was the stage name of Ann Newton (c.1728-1767), a famous London dancer and actress.	Nancy Dawson	1767
date of death	John Howison (or Howisone, Howisoune, or Howieson, c. 1530 -- 1618) was Minister in the Parish of Cambuslang during a turbulent time in Scotland's history.	John Howison	1618
date of death	Charles Armitage Brown (14 April 1787 -- 5 June 1842) was a very close friend of the poet John Keats, as well as being a friend of artist Joseph Severn, Leigh Hunt, Thomas Jefferson Hogg, Walter Savage Landor and Edward John Trelawny.	Charles Armitage Brown	5 June 1842
date of death	Sir Worthington Laming Worthington-Evans, 1st Baronet GBE PC (23 August 1868 -- 14 February 1931) was a British Conservative politician.	Laming Worthington-Evans	14 February 1931
date of death	Berto Pisano ( 13 October 1928 -- 29 January 2002) was an Italian composer, conductor, arranger and jazz musician.	Berto Pisano	29 January 2002
date of death	John Henry Davies (born c. 1864, died 24 October 1927) was a wealthy brewery owner who in 1902 took over the English football club Manchester United, which was then called Newton Heath.	John Henry Davies	1927
date of death	Sir Henry Oxenden, 1st Baronet (1614--1686) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1645 and 1660.	Sir Henry Oxenden, 1st Baronet	1686
date of death	Regina Seiden (4 July 1897- 11 January 1991) was a Jewish Canadian Woman painter who was an early member of the Beaver Hall Group.	Regina Seiden	11 January 1991
date of death	Adam Houghton (died 13 February 1389), also known as Adam de Houghton, was Bishop of St David's from 1361 until his death and Lord Chancellor of England from 1377 to 1378.	Adam Houghton	13 February 1389
date of death	Thomas Malton, the elder (1726--1801) was an English architectural draughtsman and writer on geometry.	Thomas Malton, the elder	1801
date of death	Arthur Mervyn Stockwood (27 May 1913 -- 13 January 1995) was the Anglican Bishop of Southwark from 1959 to 1980.	Mervyn Stockwood	13 January 1995
date of death	William Henry Pratt (23 November 1887 -- 2 February 1969), better known by his stage name Boris Karloff, was an English actor.	Boris Karloff	2 February 1969
date of death	Sat Mahajan (27 July 1927 -- 1 September 2012) was the Rural Development Minister of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.	Sat Mahajan	1 September 2012
date of death	Herbert Desmond Carter (15 June 1895 -- 3 February 1939) was a British lyricist who worked with George and Ira Gershwin, Ivor Novello, and others, and also wrote one of the first English language versions of the notorious ``suicide song'', ``Gloomy Sunday''.	Desmond Carter	3 February 1939
date of death	Admiral Sir George Cranfield Berkeley GCB (10 August 1753 -- 25 February 1818), often known as George Berkeley, was a highly experienced, popular, yet controversial naval officer and politician in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century Britain.	George Cranfield Berkeley	25 February 1818
date of death	Sinibaldo Scorza (16 July 1589 -- 5 April 1631) was an Italian painter, draughtsman and etcher.	Sinibaldo Scorza	5 April 1631
date of death	Vernon Andrade (April 24, 1902, Panama -- February 8, 1966, New York City) was an American jazz bandleader active primarily in New York City in the 1920s and 1930s.	Vernon Andrade	1966
date of death	Sophia Maria Westenholz, née Fritscher (1759-1838) was a German composer, musician, singer and music educator.	Sophia Maria Westenholz	1838
date of death	Sebastião Alba (11 March 1940 -- 14 October 2000) was a Portuguese poet, born in Braga who lived a long period of his life in former Portuguese colony Mozambique.	Sebastião Alba	14 October 2000
date of death	Thomas Chaundler (1418--1490) was an English playwright and illustrator.	Thomas Chaundler	1490
date of death	Robert James Graves, F.R.C.S. (27 March 1796 -- 20 March 1853) was an eminent Irish surgeon after whom Graves' disease takes its name.	Robert James Graves	20 March 1853
date of death	Julius Beerbohm (1854 -- April 1906) was a Victorian travel-writer, engineer and explorer.	Julius Beerbohm	1906
date of death	Rajah Tupas (baptized as Felipé Tupás, c. 1497 -- c. 1565) was the last Rajah of Cebu in the Pre-Hispanic Philippines.	Rajah Tupas	1565
date of death	Erik Tengström (1913--1996), Swedish astronomer and geodesist.	Erik Tengström	1996
date of death	Yun Chi-oh (Korean:윤치오, Hanja:尹致旿; born 5 August 1869; died 22 December 1950) was a Korean educator and politician.	Yun Chi-oh	22 December 1950
date of death	John Lee Lee (11 December 1802 -- 16 August 1874) of Orleigh Court in the parish of Buckland Brewer in Devon, and of Dillington House, near Ilminster in Somerset, was a British Tory politician who was Member of Parliament for Wells in Somerset between 1830 and 1837.	John Lee Lee	16 August 1874
date of death	Homer Baker (June 8, 1893 - November 25, 1977) was an American, middle-distance track and field athlete.	Homer Baker	1977
date of death	Dhammalok Mahasthavir (Devanagari: धम्मालोक महास्थविर) (born Das Ratna Tuladhar) (16 January 1890 -- 17 October 1966) was a Nepalese Buddhist monk who worked to revive Theravada Buddhism in Nepal in the 1930s and 1940s.	Dhammalok Mahasthavir	17 October 1966
date of death	Rafael Valek Moure (18 December 1932 -- 17 June 2013) was a Colombian footballer who played professionally in the Colombian Professional Football League, Serie A and Mexican Primera División.	Rafael Valek	17 June 2013
date of death	Florindo Ferrario (25 January 1897 -- 30 May 1960) was an Argentine film, stage and radio actor.	Florindo Ferrario	30 May 1960
date of death	Sir Nathaniel Napier, 2nd Baronet (1636--1709) was an English politician, known also as a traveller and dilettante.	Sir Nathaniel Napier, 2nd Baronet	1709
date of death	Joseph Allan McIver (17 January 1904 -- 15 June 1969) was a Canadian composer, arranger, pianist, and conductor.	Allan McIver	15 June 1969
date of death	Martin Desjardins, born Martin van den Bogaert (1637 -- 2 May 1694) was a French sculptor and stuccoist of Dutch birth.	Martin Desjardins	2 May 1694
date of death	Abisin Abbas ((aˈbisɪn aˈbas); 26 February 1902 -- 20 October 1961), better known by his pseudonym Andjar Asmara ((anˈdʒar asˈmara)), was a dramatist and filmmaker active in the cinema of the Dutch East Indies.	Andjar Asmara	20 October 1961
date of death	Fritz Arthur Jusélius (13 June 1855 Pori -- 8 February 1930) was a Finnish industrialist and a member of parliament.	Fritz Arthur Jusélius	8 February 1930
date of death	Cristino García Granda (Gozón, 1914--1946) was a fighter with the French Resistance in France during World War II. He was born in Asturias, Spain and also died in Spain.	Cristino García	1946
date of death	Muzaffar al-Din Jahan Shah ibn Yusuf (1397 in Khoy -- 1467 in Tabriz) (Persian: جهان شاه‎‎; Azerbaijani: Cahan Şah/جهان شاه) was the leader of the Kara Koyunlu oghuz Turks tribal federation in Azerbaijan and Arran who reigned c. 1438 -- 1467.	Jahan Shah	1467
date of death	Henry of Coquet (died 1127) was a Dane who lived in a hermitage on the island of Coquet, off the Northumberland coast.	Henry of Coquet	1127
date of death	Lady Alicia Blackwood née Lambart, (1818 -- 30 July 1913), the daughter of George Frederick Augustus Lambart, Viscount Kilcoursie (1789--1828) and Sarah Coppin, was an English painter and nurse, married to the Rev. James Stevenson Blackwood (-1882).	Lady Alicia Blackwood	30 July 1913
date of death	Karol Rzepecki (21 June 1865, Poznań -- 14 December 1931, Poznań) was a Polish bookseller, social and political activist, editor of Sokół (Falcon) magazine.	Karol Rzepecki	14 December 1931
date of death	Danny Kyle (12 December 1939 -- 5 July 1998) was a Scottish Folk singer-songwriter.	Danny Kyle	5 July 1998
date of death	Eugène Marioton (7 April 1857, Paris - 1933) was a French sculptor and medalist.	Eugène Marioton	1933
date of death	William Dickie Niven (26 April 1879 -- 26 February 1965), of Fyvie, Aberdeenshire, was a Scottish academic.	William Dickie Niven	26 February 1965
date of death	Allan Dwan (3 April 1885 -- 28 December 1981) was a pioneering Canadian-born American motion picture director, producer and screenwriter.	Allan Dwan	28 December 1981
date of death	Patric Standford (5 February 1939 -- 23 April 2014) was an English composer, pedagogue and writer.	Patric Standford	23 April 2014
date of death	George Blenkinsop (1822 -- 2 June 1904) was a Hudson's Bay Company employee who made important contributions to Canadian history as a pioneer in the British Columbia area of the country.	George Blenkinsop	2 June 1904
date of death	Adriaen van der Werff (21 January 1659 -- 12 November 1722) was an accomplished Dutch painter of portraits and erotic, devotional and mythological scenes.	Adriaen van der Werff	12 November 1722
date of death	Barry Askew (13 December 1936 -- 17 April 2012) was a British journalist, editor of the Lancashire Evening Post and briefly of the News of the World.	Barry Askew	17 April 2012
date of death	Talaat Sadat (26 February 1954 -- 20 November 2011) was an Egyptian politician, lawyer and former political prisoner.	Talaat Sadat	20 November 2011
date of death	Alex Elmsley (2 March 1929 -- 8 January 2006) was a Scottish magician and computer programmer.	Alex Elmsley	8 January 2006
date of death	Karl Yens (January 11, 1868 -- 1945), also Karl Jens was a German-American who was noted for both plein-air paintings of the California impressionist movement as well as Modernism.	Karl Yens	1945
date of death	Alfred Lyttelton QC (7 February 1857 -- 5 July 1913) was a British politician and sportsman from the Lyttelton family who excelled at both football and cricket.	Alfred Lyttelton	5 July 1913
date of death	Sylvie Gaudin (June 19, 1950 -- 1994) was a French glass painter and stained glass artist and manufacturer.	Sylvie Gaudin	1994
date of death	Valentine Kornienko (10 April 1939 -- 22 February 2011) was a member of the Writer's Union of Ukraine and the winner of the Bohdan Lepky award.	Valentine Kornienko	22 February 2011
date of death	Lieutenant Colonel Muhammad Umran (Arabic: محمد عمران‎; 1922--4 March 1972) was a founding member of the Military Committee of the unitary Ba'ath Party, and a leading personality in Syrian politics from the 8th of March Revolution until the 1966 Syrian coup d'état.	Muhammad Umran	4 March 1972
date of death	József Ágoston de Kisjóka (1800 -- 9 March 1860) was a Hungarian lawyer and Member of Parliament (MP).	József Ágoston	9 March 1860
date of death	Ellen Radka Toneff (25 June 1952 -- 21 October 1982) was a Norwegian jazz singer, daughter of the Bulgarian folk singer, pilot and radio technician Toni Toneff, she was born in Oslo and grew up in Lambertseter and Kolbotn.	Radka Toneff	21 October 1982
date of death	Inji Hanimefendi (Arabic: انجى هانم افندی‎)(Turkish: İncı Hanımefendi)(died 5 September 1890) was the first wife of Said Pasha, Wāli of Egypt and Sudan from 1854 until 1863.	Inji Hanimefendi	5 September 1890
date of death	Ronald Knight (12 May 1913 -- October 1991) was an English cricketer active from 1933 to 1934 who played for Northamptonshire (Northants).	Ronald Knight	1991
date of death	Helge Hagerup (21 April 1933 -- 12 August 2008) was a Norwegian playwright, poet and novelist.	Helge Hagerup	12 August 2008
date of death	Louis III de La Trémoille (1521 -- 25 March 1577), 1st Duke of Thouars, was a sixteenth-century French nobleman of the La Tremoille family.	Louis III de La Trémoille	25 March 1577
date of death	Harry Matheson (12 June 1891 -- 4 November 1956) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda, Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Matheson	4 November 1956
date of death	Stoyan Zaimov (Bulgarian: Стоян Заимов; 12 August 1853 -- 9 September 1932) was a Bulgarian revolutionary, apostle of the April Uprising, enlightener, public figure and writer.	Stoyan Zaimov	9 September 1932
date of death	Prof John Norman Collie FRSE FRS (10 September 1859 -- 1 November 1942), commonly referred to as J. Norman Collie, was a British scientist, mountaineer, and explorer.	J. Norman Collie	1 November 1942
date of death	Ruth Egri (1911--1996) was an American artist, painter, muralist, educator, and illustrator who worked in the Federal Art Project and in the WPA New Reading Materials Program during the New Deal.	Ruth Egri	1996
date of death	Rodrigo de Sousa Coutinho, 1st Count of Linhares (4 August 1755 in Chaves -- 26 January 1812 in Rio de Janeiro) was a Portuguese nobleman and politician.	Rodrigo de Sousa Coutinho, 1st Count of Linhares	26 January 1812
date of death	Max Cross (11 July 1934 -- 7 March 1985) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Max Cross	7 March 1985
date of death	Shelford Bidwell FRS (6 March 1848 -- 18 December 1909) was an English physicist and inventor.	Shelford Bidwell	18 December 1909
date of death	Upon the death of Charles Allanson-Winn, 7th Baron Headley, on 23 February 1994, the Headley Barony became extinct.	Charles Allanson-Winn, 7th Baron Headley	23 February 1994
date of death	Philips van der Aa (died after 1586) was a politician in the Seventeen Provinces and a statesman of the Dutch Republic during its struggle for independence, the Eighty Years' War.	Philips van der Aa	1586
date of death	John Peile (24 April 1838 -- 9 October 1910) was an English philologist.	John Peile	9 October 1910
date of death	Geoffrey I of Vianden 7th duke of Vianden 1273-1310 (-1310) was a son to duke Filips I of Vianden and Mary of Brabant-Perwez.	Geoffrey I of Vianden	1310
date of death	William Bladen (1672--1718) was an English-born Attorney-General in Maryland and, briefly, Secretary of that Province.	William Bladen	1718
date of death	Caroline Birley (16 November 1851 -- 15 February 1907) was an English geologist, fossil collector and children's author.	Caroline Birley	15 February 1907
date of death	Aniella di Beltrano or Anniella di Rosa (1613--1649) was an Italian woman painter of the Baroque period, active in Naples.	Aniella di Beltrano	1649
date of death	Selby Norton (13 September 1836 -- 11 November 1906) was an English cricketer who played for Kent.	Selby Norton	11 November 1906
date of death	Arslan Shah I was Sultan of Kerman (1101--1142), a city in Iran situated at the center of Kerman province.	Arslan Shah I	1142
date of death	Captain Keith Robert Martin Kinnier, O.B.E. (1902--1969) Captain Keith R.M. Kinnier was a distinguished British seaman, who on 31 December 1943, saved his ship from submarine attack in the seas off Karachi for which actions he was awarded the O.B.E.	Keith Robert Martin Kinnier	1969
date of death	James Grigson (January 30, 1932 in Texarkana, Texas-June 3, 2004), called by parts of the press as ``Doctor Death'', was a Texas forensic psychiatrist who testified in 167 capital trials, nearly all of which resulted in death sentences.	James Grigson	2004
date of death	Sir Richard de Whitacre (circa 1300-1375) was the Lord of the Manors of Nether Whitacre, Over Whitacre, Elmdon, and Freasley.	Richard de Whitacre	1375
date of death	Zdeněk Liška (16 March 1922 -- 13 August 1983) was a Czech composer who produced a large number of film scores across a prolific career that started in the 1950s.	Zdeněk Liška	13 August 1983
date of death	Mandell Creighton (/ˈmændəl ˈkraɪtən/; 5 July 1843 -- 14 January 1901), was a British historian and a bishop of the Church of England.	Mandell Creighton	14 January 1901
date of death	Sacha Zaliouk, born Alexander Davidovich Zaliouk (1887--1971), was a Russian Empire-born illustrator and sculptor, from a Jewish family in Radomysl, Ukraine .	Sacha Zaliouk	1971
date of death	Knut Bjørnsen (26 July 1932 -- 14 November 2008) was a sports commentator and journalist for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation.	Knut Bjørnsen	14 November 2008
date of death	Walter Moyle (1672--1721) was an English politician and political writer, an advocate of classical republicanism.	Walter Moyle	1721
date of death	Lee Barron (born as Elroy Vernon Lee 1 August 1915 Minnesota; d. 21 December 1993, Omaha) was an American big band leader and radio and TV personality.	Lee Barron	21 December 1993
date of death	Gilles Reingot (French: Gillequin de Bailleul; fl. 1501--1530) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance, associated with the Habsburg court of Philip I of Castile.	Gilles Reingot	1530
date of death	Matilda Ridout Edgar (29 September 1844 -- 29 September 1910) was a Canadian historian and feminist.	Matilda Ridout Edgar	29 September 1910
date of death	Clément Barbot (1914 -- 14 July 1963) was a top aide to Haitian President Francois Duvalier.	Clément Barbot	14 July 1963
date of death	Hans Hirschfeld (Bremen, 29 May 1899 -- The Hague, 4 November 1961) was a Dutch economist and a founder member of the Council for a Democratic Germany.	Hans Hirschfeld	4 November 1961
date of death	Konstantin Vyrupayev (10 October 1930 -- 31 October 2012) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic Champion.	Konstantin Vyrupayev	31 October 2012
date of death	Blessed Maria Josefa Alhama y Valera (1893 -- 8 February 1983) was a Roman Catholic Spanish nun and she was the founder of both the Handmaids of Merciful Love in 1930 and the Sons of Merciful Love in 1951.	Maria Josefa Alhama y Valera	8 February 1983
date of death	Rudolf Vanmoerkerke (7 October 1924 -- 4 December 2014) (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈryː.dɔlf vɐn.ˈmur.kɛr.kə)) was a Belgian businessman and a pioneer of the Belgian travel industry.	Rudolf Vanmoerkerke	4 December 2014
date of death	Charles Foden (1868 -- 14 October 1908) was a British tug of war competitor.	Charles Foden	14 October 1908
date of death	Sir Robert Wilmot, 1st Baronet (1708--1772) was an English servant of the Crown, Secretary to successive Viceroys of Ireland from 1740 to 1772, and after 1758 Secretary to the Lord Chamberlain of the Household.	Sir Robert Wilmot, 1st Baronet	1772
date of death	Emil Zeiß (July 2, 1833 -- April 14, 1910) was a German Protestant minister and painter.	Emil Zeiß	1910
date of death	Franz Kohaut (-- - died 1822) was a Czech botanical collector and gardener from Neuhaus, Bohemia.	Franz Kohaut	1822
date of death	Archibald Hood (1823--1902) was a Scottish engineer and coalowner who became an important figure in the industrial growth of the Rhondda Valley.	Archibald Hood	1902
date of death	John Chorlton (1666, Salford -- 16 May 1705, Manchester) was an English presbyterian minister and tutor.	John Chorlton	16 May 1705
date of death	Frances Foy (April 11, 1890 - 1963) was an American painter, muralist, illustrator, and etcher born in Chicago, Illinois.	Frances Foy	1963
date of death	James Holworthy (1781--1841) was a British watercolour artist.	James Holworthy	1841
date of death	John Robert Tait, known as Jock Tait (20 November 1886 -- 13 April 1945) was a Scottish cricketer who played in English and Welsh leagues.	Jock Tait	13 April 1945
date of death	Richard Alfred Davenport (1777--1852) was an English miscellaneous writer.	Richard Alfred Davenport	1852
date of death	Sir John Harvey-Jones MBE (16 April 1924 -- 9 January 2008) was an English businessman.	John Harvey-Jones	9 January 2008
date of death	Andrew Lumisden or Lumsden (1720--1801) was a Scottish Jacobite.	Andrew Lumisden	1801
date of death	Vic Hey (born Monday 18 November 1912 in Liverpool, New South Wales -- died Tuesday 11 April 1995 (aged 82)) was an Australian rugby league national and state representative five-eighth/stand-off and later a successful first-grade and national coach.	Vic Hey	11 April 1995
date of death	Dave Clohessy (1905--1986) was an Irish sportsperson.	Dave Clohessy	1986
date of death	Edward Neil McKelvey O.C., C.D., Q.C., (1925--2011) was a Canadian lawyer.	Neil McKelvey	2011
date of death	Keith Edward Abbott (1814--1873) was a British diplomat and consul general at Tabriz and later Odessa.	Keith Edward Abbott	1873
date of death	Gertrude of Baden (before 1160 -- before 1225) was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage a Countess of Dagsburg.	Gertrude of Baden	1225
date of death	Zhou Jianren (Chinese: 周建人; 1888 - 1984) was a politician and biologist of the People's Republic of China.	Zhou Jianren	1984
date of death	Eusebius of Laodicea (Greek: Εὐσέβιος; date of birth uncertain; died about 268) was an Alexandrian, a deacon who had some fame as a confessor, and became bishop of Laodicea in Syria.	Eusebius of Laodicea	268
date of death	Gilbert Marshal, 4th Earl of Pembroke (1194 -- 27 June 1241) was the third son of William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke and Isabel de Clare, 4th Countess of Pembroke, the daughter of Richard de Clare.	Gilbert Marshal, 4th Earl of Pembroke	27 June 1241
date of death	Mary Bonaparte (Mary Léonie Eugénie Mathilde Jeanne Julie Zénaïde Bonaparte; 10 December 1870 -- 1947) was the eldest surviving daughter of Prince Napoléon Bonaparte of Canino and Christine Ruspoli.	Mary Bonaparte	1947
date of death	Hansel Mieth (1909--1998) was a German-born photojournalist who worked on the staff of LIFE Magazine.	Hansel Mieth	1998
date of death	Yang Zhuoxin (simplified Chinese: 杨卓新; traditional Chinese: 楊卓新; pinyin: Yáng Zhuóxīn; 10 October 1890 -- 10 June 1963) was a Chinese educator and mathematician who served as President of Hunan University from August 1930to March 1931.	Yang Zhuoxin	10 June 1963
date of death	Raffaello Tancredi (Naples, 1837--1890) was an Italian painter, mainly of historical subjects.	Raffaello Tancredi	1890
date of death	William MacGillivray FRSE MWS (25 January 1796 -- 4 September 1852) was a Scottish naturalist and ornithologist.	William MacGillivray	4 September 1852
date of death	George William Francis (1800--1865) was an English botanical and general science writer.	George William Francis	1865
date of death	Harold Comte (10 March 1909 -- 30 May 1945) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and Sandringham in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) during the 1930s.	Harold Comte	30 May 1945
date of death	Radhey Shyam Kori (7 July 1939 -- 12 August 2015) was an Indian politician who was MP for Ghatampur in Uttar Pradesh from 2004 to 2009.	Radhey Shyam Kori	12 August 2015
date of death	Walram of Jülich (c. 1304 -- 14 August 1349) was Archbishop of Cologne from 1332 to his death in 1349.	Walram of Jülich	14 August 1349
date of death	Theodor von Oppolzer (26 October 1841 -- 26 December 1886) was an Austrian astronomer and mathematician of Bohemian origin.	Theodor von Oppolzer	26 December 1886
date of death	William Leighton Leitch (22 Nov 1804 -- 25 April 1883) was a master Scottish landscape watercolour painter and illustrator.	William Leighton Leitch	25 April 1883
date of death	George Edmund Butler (15 January 1872 -- 9 August 1936) was a landscape and portrait painter specialising in oils and watercolours.	George Edmund Butler	9 August 1936
date of death	Susanna Duncombe née Highmore (1725--1812) was a British poet and artist.	Susanna Duncombe	1812
date of death	Johannes Hadlaub (fl. 1300, d. before 1340) is one of the Minnesingers whose works are recorded in Codex Manesse.	Johannes Hadlaub	1340
date of death	Kommareddi Suryanarayana (Telugu: కొమ్మారెడ్డి సూర్యనారాయణ) (b: 8 March 1907 - d: 6 May 1995) was a Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha member in Indian Parliament, Indian freedom activist and Gandhian.	Kommareddi Suryanarayana	6 May 1995
date of death	Fred E. Miller (1868 -- 1936) was an American photographer, who worked at Crow Agency.	Fred E. Miller	1936
date of death	Hensleigh Wedgwood (21 January 1803 -- 2 June 1891) was a British etymologist, philologist and barrister, author of A Dictionary of English Etymology.	Hensleigh Wedgwood	2 June 1891
date of death	John Russell Colvin (29 May 1807 -- 9 September 1857) was a British civil servant in India, part of the illustrious Anglo-Indian Colvin family.	John Russell Colvin	9 September 1857
date of death	Edward Mortelmans (1915--2008) was an English artist and illustrator.	Edward Mortelmans	2008
date of death	Albert Mansbridge, CH (10 January 1876, Gloucester, Gloucestershire, England -- 22 August 1952, Torquay, Devon) was an English educator who was one of the pioneers of adult education in Britain.	Albert Mansbridge	22 August 1952
date of death	Leszek of Racibórz (Polish: Leszek raciborski) (c. 1292 -- 1336) was a Duke of Racibórz since 1306 and Duke of Koźle from 1334 until his death.	Leszek of Racibórz	1336
date of death	Michael Bowyer (1599--1645) was an actor in English Renaissance theatre in the Jacobean and Caroline eras.	Michael Bowyer	1645
date of death	Daniel Maynard Burgess (December 21, 1828--1911) was a surgeon and explorer born in Otsego County, New York.	Daniel Maynard Burgess	1911
date of death	Carl Gustaf Axel Örbom (29 July 1836 -- 30 May 1889), was a Swedish jurist and government figure who, in the final eight months of his life, served as the Minister for Justice.	Axel Örbom	30 May 1889
date of death	Arnold Perlmutter (1859--1953) was a composer for Yiddish theatre, born in Zlotshev, Galitsia.	Arnold Perlmutter	1953
date of death	Ee Tiang Hong (1933--1990) was a Malayan poet of Chinese ancestry.	Ee Tiang Hong	1990
date of death	Parduman Singh Brar (15 October 1927 -- 22 March 2007) was an Indian athlete who specialized in shot put and discus throw events.	Parduman Singh Brar	22 March 2007
date of death	Ivica Mlivončić (1931-2013) was a controversial Croatian author and columnist in Slobodna Dalmacija from Split.	Ivica Mlivončić	2013
date of death	Ohn Maung (Burmese: အုန်းမောင် (ʔóʊɴ màʊɴ); 2 February 1913 -- 19 July 1947) was a Burmese politician who served as the Deputy Minister of Transport in Myanmar's pre-independence government.	Ohn Maung	19 July 1947
date of death	The Venerable Thomas Kurialacherry (14 January 1873 -- 6 February 1925) was a Catholic bishop, born in the Indian village of Champakulam.	Thomas Kurialacherry	6 February 1925
date of death	Marie Carré (died 1984) was a French Protestant nurse who later in life converted to become a Roman Catholic nun.	Marie Carré	1984
date of death	Maurits Coppieters (14 May 1920 -- 11 November 2005), Flemish politician for the Volksunie, member of the Belgian Chamber (1965--71), the Belgian Senate (1971--1979) and the European Parliament (1979--81).	Maurits Coppieters	11 November 2005
date of death	Montague Ainslie (28 April 1792 -- 1 February 1884) was an English forester and businessman whose interests included the iron ore company Harrison Ainslie.	Montague Ainslie	1 February 1884
date of death	Julius Mayr (7 January 1855 -- 8 May 1935) was a German physician, chairman of the German Alpine Club and writer who wrote a biography of the painter Wilhelm Leibl.	Julius Mayr	8 May 1935
date of death	Giuseppe Nardulli (6 July 1947 -- 26 June 2008) was an Italian physicist based in Bari.	Giuseppe Nardulli	26 June 2008
date of death	Juan Núñez II de Lara ( c. 1276 -- 1315 in Burgos), nicknamed el Mozo or el de la Barba (the bearded one), was a Spanish noble, and head of the House of Lara in the service of the Kingdom of Castile.	Juan Núñez II de Lara	1315
date of death	Achilles Daunt (1832--1878) was a noted Irish preacher and homilist, and Anglican dean of Cork.	Achilles Daunt	1878
date of death	Marjabelle Young Stewart (16 May 1924 -- 3 March 2007) was an American writer and expert on etiquette.	Marjabelle Young Stewart	3 March 2007
date of death	Constance Adelaide Smith (28 April 1878 -- 10 June 1938), also known as C. Penswick Smith in her published works, was an English woman who was responsible for the reinvigoration of the Christian holiday of Mothering Sunday in the UK in the early 20th century.	Constance Adelaide Smith	10 June 1938
date of death	Jan Sanders van Hemessen (c. 1500 -- c. 1566) was a leading artist of the second generation of Dutch and Flemish Renaissance painting, belonging to the group of Italianizing Flemish painters called the Romanists, who were influenced by Italian Renaissance painting.	Jan Sanders van Hemessen	1566
date of death	Frederick William Conway (1782--1853) was an Irish journalist, newspaper founder and editor.	Frederick William Conway	1853
date of death	Nachman Syrkin (or Nahman Syrkin or Nahum Syrkin; b. 11 February 1868; d. 6 September 1924) was a political theorist, founder of Labour Zionism and a prolific writer in Hebrew, Yiddish, Russian, German and English language.	Nachman Syrkin	6 September 1924
date of death	Jacob Heerbrand (12 August 1521 -- 22 May 1600) was a German Protestant theologian and controversialist.	Jacob Heerbrand	22 May 1600
date of death	Dariusz Ratajczak was found dead in a car parked near the shopping centre in Opole on 11 June 2010.	Dariusz Ratajczak	11 June 2010
date of death	Rinzō Shiina (椎名 麟三 Shiina Rinzō; né 大坪 昇 Noboru Ōtsuka; 1 October 1911 -- 28 March 1973) was a Japanese writer, novelist, short story writer and playwright.	Rinzō Shiina	28 March 1973
date of death	Janet McEwan (1860 -- 1921), née Janet Landells, known as Jenny McEwan, was a British Liberal Party politician and one of the first women to stand for election to the UK Parliament.	Janet McEwan	1921
date of death	The Honourable Montagu Curzon (21 September 1846 -- 1 September 1907) was a British soldier and Conservative politician.	Montagu Curzon	1 September 1907
date of death	Francis Bellinger (died September 1721) was an English physician.	Francis Bellinger	1721
date of death	Joseph Jaquet, sometimes written Joseph Jacquet, (30 January 1822 - 9 June 1898) was a Belgian sculptor.	Joseph Jaquet	9 June 1898
date of death	Sarah Platt Doremus (born 3 August 1802 New York City; died there 29 January 1877) was noted for her philanthropy.	Sarah Platt Doremus	29 January 1877
date of death	George Parker Tuxford (ca.1810 -- 24 October 1870) of Barnes, London, was a British magazine publisher.	George Parker Tuxford	24 October 1870
date of death	John Kinder Labatt (1803 -- 26 October 1866) was an Irish-Canadian brewer, and the founder of the Labatt Brewing Company.	John Kinder Labatt	26 October 1866
date of death	William Rhys-Herbert (1868-1921) was an American composer, conductor, organist and pianist of Welsh origin.	William Rhys-Herbert	1921
date of death	Jean Renaud (c. 1734 -- 16 March 1794) is first noted in Canadian history in 1768 when he married at Quebec City.	Jean Renaud	16 March 1794
date of death	Mohammad Jawad Balaghi (1865--1933), was an Iraqi Shia Muslim religious authority, author, poet and polemicist.	Mohammad Jawad Balaghi	1933
date of death	Johann Michael Seligmann (1720--1762) was a German artist and engraver best known for his ornithological artwork in Sammlung verschiedener ausländischer und seltener Vögel (Collection of various foreign and rare birds) which included plates based on the works of Mark Catesby and George Edwards.	Johann Michael Seligmann	1762
date of death	Linda Haglund (15 June 1956 -- 21 November 2015) was a Swedish Olympic sprinter.	Linda Haglund	21 November 2015
date of death	Brian Cumby (9 October 1950 - 26 February 2015) was a British shipwright who built a full-size replica of a Bronze Age boat for the National Maritime Museum Cornwall in Falmouth using only the tools available to Bronze Age man.	Brian Cumby	26 February 2015
date of death	Al-Mutawakkil III (Arabic: المتوكل على الله الثالث‎) (died 1543) was caliph from 1508 to 1516, and again in 1517.	Al-Mutawakkil III	1543
date of death	Frederic Count de Thoms (1669--1746) was a German art collector with various influential political ties.	Frederic Count de Thoms	1746
date of death	Evan Griffiths (18 January 1795 -- 31 August 1873) was a Welsh clergyman, born near Bridgend, Glamorgan.	Evan Griffiths	31 August 1873
date of death	Linda White Mazini Villari (née White) (1836--1915) was an author and translator.	Linda White Mazini Villari	1915
date of death	Jacques de La Palice (or de La Palisse) (1470 -- 24 February 1525) was a French nobleman and military officer.	Jacques de La Palice	24 February 1525
date of death	Naemul of Silla (died 402) (r. 356--402) was the 17th ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla.	Naemul of Silla	402
date of death	Carlo Michele Bonelli, Cardinal Alessandrino (25 November 1541-- 28 March 1598) was an Italian senior papal diplomat with a distinguished career that spanned two decades from 1571.	Michele Bonelli	28 March 1598
date of death	Saint Ignatius of Santhià (5 June 1686 -- 22 September 1770), born Lorenzo Maurizio Belvisotti, was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member of the Order of Friars Minor.	Ignatius of Santhià	22 September 1770
date of death	Trevor Pearcey (5 March 1919 -- 27 January 1998) was a British-born Australian scientist, who created CSIRAC, one of the first ever stored-program electronic computers in the world.	Trevor Pearcey	27 January 1998
date of death	Gertruda Komorowska (born 1754 in Suszno -- 13 February 1771 in the river Rata near Sielec Bełski, Poland) was a Polish noble lady.	Gertruda Komorowska	1771
date of death	Mina Loy, born Mina Gertrude Löwry (27 December 1882 -- 25 September 1966), was a British artist, writer: poet, playwright, novelist, futurist, actress, Christian Scientist, feminist, model, nurse, designer of lamps, and bohemian.	Mina Loy	25 September 1966
date of death	Sir Charles Fellows (August, 1799 -- 8 November 1860) was a British archaeologist.	Charles Fellows	8 November 1860
date of death	Rose Lok (26 December 1526 -- 21 November 1613) was a businesswoman and Protestant exile during the Tudor period.	Rose Lok	21 November 1613
date of death	Gordon Barker (6 July 1931 -- 10 February 2006) was an English first-class cricketer who played for Essex.	Gordon Barker	10 February 2006
date of death	Catherine Gaskin (2 April 1929 -- 6 September 2009) was an Irish--	Catherine Gaskin	6 September 2009
date of death	Eiler Holck (4 June 1627 - 28 June 1696) was a Danish military officer, from 1671 with the title of baron.	Eiler Holck	28 June 1696
date of death	Nathanael Ball (1623--1681) was an English clergyman, an assistant to Brian Walton in his London Polyglot Bible.	Nathanael Ball	1681
date of death	General Sir Frederick William Hamilton KCB (8 July 1815 -- 4 October 1890) was a British Army officer who became Major General commanding the Brigade of Guards.	Frederick William Hamilton	4 October 1890
date of death	Sir Henry Whatley Tyler (7 March 1827 - 1908) was a British Inspector of Railways, Railway Company director and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1892.	Henry Whatley Tyler	1908
date of death	Richard of Pudlicott (died 1305), also known as Richard de Podelicote (or Pudlicote, or Dick Puddlecote), was an English wool merchant who, down on his luck, became an infamous burglar of King Edward I's Wardrobe treasury at Westminster Abbey in 1303.	Richard of Pudlicott	1305
date of death	Don Andrés de Tapia Motelchiuhtzin Huitznahuatlailótlac was the ruler of Tenochtitlan (1525--1530).	Andrés de Tapia Motelchiuh	1530
date of death	Adolf Rzepko (1825 -- 1892) was a Polish composer, oboist, choral and orchestral conductor, and pianist.	Adolf Rzepko	1892
date of death	Francis Lathom (14 July 1774 -- 19 May 1832) was a British gothic novelist and playwright.	Francis Lathom	19 May 1832
date of death	Erzurumlu Emrah (1775, Güzelyurt, Erzurum -- 1854, Niksar, Tokat) was a Turkish Turkish folk poet.	Erzurumlu Emrah	1854
date of death	Carlos de Jesus Euzébio, known as Euzébio, (16 November 1951 -- 11 March 2010) was a Brazilian football striker.	Carlos de Jesus Euzébio	11 March 2010
date of death	Dachine Rainer (13 January 1921 -- 19 August 2000) was an American born English writer.	Dachine Rainer	19 August 2000
date of death	John Henry Niemeyer (born in Bremen, Germany, 25 June 1839; died 7 December 1932) was a German-born painter who worked in the United States.	John Henry Niemeyer	7 December 1932
date of death	Cathal Ó Murchadha ((ˈkahəlˠ oː ˈmˠʊɾˠxuː), born Charles Murphy; 16 February 1880 -- 28 April 1958) was an Irish politician and republican.	Cathal Ó Murchadha	28 April 1958
date of death	Timothy Danielson (1733--1791) was the third son of John and Margaret (Mughill) Danielson.	Timothy Danielson	1791
date of death	Thomas K. Donaldson (1944--2006) was a mathematician and well-known cryonics advocate.	Thomas K. Donaldson	2006
date of death	Éléonore de Bourbon (30 April 1587 -- 20 January 1619) was the daughter of Henri I de Bourbon and his second wife Charlotte Catherine de la Tremoille.	Éléonore de Bourbon	20 January 1619
date of death	Harlan True Stetson (1885--1964) was an American astronomer and physicist.	Harlan True Stetson	1964
date of death	Ann Beckett (5 February 1927 - 2002) was an Irish pioneer of occupational therapy, a sister of John Beckett (an Irish musician, composer and conductor) and Peter Beckett (a pioneering figure in Irish psychiatry).	Ann Beckett	2002
date of death	John Gordon, 3rd Earl of Aboyne (died 7 April 1732) was the son of Charles Gordon, 2nd Earl of Aboyne and Elizabeth Lyon.	John Gordon, 3rd Earl of Aboyne	7 April 1732
date of death	Yaragudipati Varada Rao (30 May 1903 -- 13 February 1973), also known as Y. V. Rao, was an Indian film producer, director, thespian, screenwriter, editor and actor known for his works predominantly in Telugu, Kannada, and Tamil cinema.	Yaragudipati Varada Rao	13 February 1973
date of death	Fereydun Gole (Persian: فریدون گُله‎‎; also spelled Fereydoun Goleh) (1942--2005) was an Iranian screenwriter, film director, and film editor.	Fereydun Gole	2005
date of death	Hugo Carl Emil Muecke (8 July 1842 -- 6 June 1929) was a businessman and politician in the colony and State of South Australia.	Hugo Carl Emil Muecke	6 June 1929
date of death	James Audley, 2nd Baron Audley (8 January 1312/1313 -- 1 April 1386) of Heighley Castle, Staffordshire, was an English peer.	James Audley, 2nd Baron Audley	1 April 1386
date of death	Marcel Fischbach (22 August 1914 -- 27 June 1980) was a Luxembourgish politician, journalist, and diplomat.	Marcel Fischbach	27 June 1980
date of death	Josiah Belden (1815--1892) was an American pioneer and politician.	Josiah Belden	1892
date of death	Empress Jin Feishan (金飛山) (d. 926) was an empress of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Former Shu.	Empress Jin Feishan	926
date of death	Lieutenant General Robert Harold Nimmo CBE (22 November 1893 -- 4 January 1966) was an Australian soldier who served in both World War I and World War II and eventually rose to the rank of Lieutenant General.	Robert Harold Nimmo	4 January 1966
date of death	Isabella Valancy Crawford (25 December 1846 -- 12 February 1887) was an Irish-born Canadian writer and poet.	Isabella Valancy Crawford	12 February 1887
date of death	Thomas Image (1772--1856) was a geologist and collector of fossil specimens.	Thomas Image	1856
date of death	Sir Thomas Molyneux (1531--1597) was an English-born statesman in Ireland during the Elizabethan era.	Thomas Molyneux	1597
date of death	Dr. Sirajul Haque Khan, (Bengali: সিরাজুল হক খান;1924 -- 14 December 1971) born in the district of Noakhali, was a Bengali Educationist and martyred intellectual of 1971.	Sirajul Haque Khan	14 December 1971
date of death	Evellius (died 66 AD) was an early Christian martyr.	Evellius	66
date of death	Giovanni Domenico Cassini (8 June 1625 -- 14 September 1712) was an Italian mathematician, astronomer, astrologer and engineer.	Giovanni Domenico Cassini	14 September 1712
date of death	Fernando de Acuña y de Herrera (died 1495) was Viceroy of Sicily for 1489--1495.	Fernando de Acuña y de Herrera	1495
date of death	Chicot (c. 1540--1592), real name Jean-Antoine d'Anglerais, was the jester of King Henry III of France and later Henry IV. He was sharp-tongued and very cunning and spoke with the king without formalities.	Chicot	1592
date of death	Karin Juel (26 May 1900, Kungsholmen, Stockholm -- 2 May 1976, Stockholm) was a Swedish singer, actor and writer.	Karin Juel	2 May 1976
date of death	John Francis Skjellerup (16 May 1875 -- 6 January 1952) was an Australian who spent about a decade working as a telegraphist in South Africa, and was an astronomer.	John Francis Skjellerup	6 January 1952
date of death	Kazimierz Iwiński Łodzia coat of arms (d. 29 October 1990 in Warsaw) - has an MA in Philosophy, he is a retired senior inspector of the Ministry of Education and Schools of Academic Rank and is (now in the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Republic of Poland).	Kazimierz Iwiński	29 October 1990
date of death	Daniel Stolz von Stolzenberg (Daniel Stolcius) (1600--1660) was a Bohemian physician and writer on alchemy, a pupil of Michael Maier in Prague.	Daniel Stolz von Stolzenberg	1660
date of death	Kristjan Palusalu (until 1935 Kristjan Trossmann, 10 March (O.S. 26 February) 1908 -- 17 July 1987) was an Estonian heavyweight wrestler and Olympic winner.	Kristjan Palusalu	17 July 1987
date of death	Ștefan Kovács (Romanian: Ştefan Covaci; Hungarian: Kovács István; 2 October 1920 -- 12 May 1995) was a Romanian football player and coach.	Ștefan Kovács	12 May 1995
date of death	André Gedalge (27 December 1856 -- 5 February 1926), was an influential French composer and teacher.	André Gedalge	5 February 1926
date of death	Dagmar Oakland (November 25, 1893 -- June 1989; born Edna Andersen) was an American actress of stage and screen from San Francisco, California.	Dagmar Oakland	1989
date of death	Touby Lyfoung (1917--1979) was a Hmong political and military leader.	Touby Lyfoung	1979
date of death	Alec David Young (15 August 1913 -- 27 January 2005) was a British aero-engineer.	Alec David Young	27 January 2005
date of death	William de Beaumont, 3rd Earl of Warwick (before 1140 -- 15 November 1184) was an English nobleman.	William de Beaumont, 3rd Earl of Warwick	15 November 1184
date of death	Gao Lishi (Chinese: 高力士; pinyin: Gāo Lìshì) (684--762), formally the Duke of Qi (齊公), was a eunuch official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, becoming particularly powerful during Emperor Xuanzong of Tang's reign.	Gao Lishi	762
date of death	Włodzimierz Kołos (6 September 1928 -- 3 June 1996) - Polish chemist and physicist who was one of the founders of modern quantum chemistry, and pioneered accurate calculations on the electronic structure of molecules.	Włodzimierz Kołos	3 June 1996
date of death	Ali Mitayev (Russian: Али Митаев) (1881 -- 1925) was a Chechen sheikh and leader of anti-Soviet movement in the 1920s.	Ali Mitayev	1925
date of death	Philip Hamill (15 October 1883 - 3 March 1959) was a British physiologist, physician, and teacher of pharmacology and therapeutics.	Philip Hamill	3 March 1959
date of death	Heinz Alt (1922 -- 6 January 1945) was a German composer and one of the victims of Nazi regime.	Heinz Alt	6 January 1945
date of death	Sir Francis Wythens SL KC (c. 1635 -- 9 May 1704) was a British judge and politician.	Francis Wythens	1704
date of death	Fu Chong (Chinese: 苻崇; died 394) was an emperor of the Chinese/Di state Former Qin.	Fu Chong	394
date of death	Bernard Vaughan (1847--1922) was an English Roman Catholic clergyman, brother of Herbert and John Stephen Vaughan.	Bernard Vaughan	1922
date of death	Betty Morrissey (1908 -- 20 April 1944), was an American film actress.	Betty Morrissey	20 April 1944
date of death	Empress Deng Mengnü (鄧猛女) (died 165), also briefly known as Liang Mengnü (梁猛女) then as Bo Mengnü (薄猛女), was an empress during Han Dynasty.	Empress Deng Mengnü	165
date of death	Karl Babor (23 August 1918 - 18 January 1964) was a Nazi, SS doctor of the Third Reich, and officer at Camp Gross-Rosen with the rank of Hauptsturmführer.	Karl Babor	18 January 1964
date of death	Benjamin Wardill (15 October 1842 -- 15 October 1917), often referred to as Major Wardill, was an Australian cricketer and cricket administrator.	Benjamin Wardill	15 October 1917
date of death	William C. K. Irwin, also known as William C. Irwin and Will Irwin (3 January 1907 -- 23 October 1998), was an American pianist, conductor, and songwriter.	William C. K. Irwin	23 October 1998
date of death	Vasant Rai (1942--1985) was one of world's most acclaimed performers of Indian music and virtuoso of the Indian-Persian-Afghan instrument Sarod.	Vasant Rai	1985
date of death	Bronislav Poloczek (Polish: Bronisław Poloczek) (7 August 1939 -- 16 March 2012) was a Polish-Czech theatre and television actor.	Bronislav Poloczek	16 March 2012
date of death	Emme Gerhard (1872--1946) was a professional American photographer who worked with her sister Mayme Gerhard (1876--1955) in St. Louis, Missouri.	Emme Gerhard	1946
date of death	Charles Fenwick (5 May 1850 -- 20 April 1918) was a British trade unionist and Liberal--	Charles Fenwick	20 April 1918
date of death	Khaled al-Hassan also known as Abu Said (1928-1994) was an early adviser of Yasser Arafat, PLO leader and a founder of the Palestinian political and militant organization Fatah.	Khaled al-Hassan	1994
date of death	Elliott Marks (3 December 1941 -- 9 July 2003) was a movie stills photographer who was posthumously awarded the first Still Photographer Award by the International Cinematographers Guild Publicists Awards in 2004.	Elliott Marks	9 July 2003
date of death	Johannes Vallentin Dominicus Werbata (Padang, 22 September 1866 - Magelang, 2 June 1929), better known by his initials JVD, was a military superintendent, first class sensor and knight in the Military William Order fourth grade.	Johannes Vallentin Dominicus Werbata	2 June 1929
date of death	James C. Kellogg III (1915--1980) was Chairman of the Port Authority of New York & New Jersey and Chairman of the Board of Governors of the New York Stock Exchange.	James C. Kellogg III	1980
date of death	John William Fordham Johnson (28 November 1866 -- 28 November 1938) was a Canadian businessman and the 14th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.	John William Fordham Johnson	28 November 1938
date of death	Ralph Eure, 3rd Baron Eure (24 September 1558 -- 1 April 1617), of Ingleby and Malton, Yorkshire, was an English nobleman and politician.	Ralph Eure, 3rd Baron Eure	1 April 1617
date of death	Isham Randolph (December 1684 -- November 1742), sometimes referred to as Isham Randolph of Dungeness, was the maternal grandfather of United States President Thomas Jefferson.	Isham Randolph of Dungeness	November 1742
date of death	Lucia Mantu (pen name of Camelia Nădejde; September 22, 1888 -- November 1971) was a Romanian prose writer.	Lucia Mantu	November 1971
date of death	Augustus of Brunswick-Lüneburg (10 April 1579 -- 17 September 1666), called the Younger, was duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.	Augustus of Brunswick-Lüneburg	17 September 1666
date of death	Ya'akov Geri (Hebrew: יעקב גרי‎, born 18 September 1901, died 18 December 1974), also known as Jack Gering.	Ya'akov Geri	18 December 1974
date of death	Carlo Ruini (1530--1598) was one of the most noted anatomists of the horse of the 16th century.	Carlo Ruini	1598
date of death	Jürgen Wattenberg (28 December 1900 -- 27 September 1995) was a German naval officer and U-boat commander during the Second World War.	Jürgen Wattenberg	27 September 1995
date of death	Gerard de Malynes (fl. 1585--1641) was an independent merchant in foreign trade, an English commissioner in the Spanish Netherlands, a government advisor on trade matters, assay master of the mint, and commissioner of mint affairs.	Gerard de Malynes	1641
date of death	Talimeran Ao (28 January 1918 -- 13 September 1998) was an Indian footballer and physician.	Talimeran Ao	13 September 1998
date of death	Idalguer (Latin: Hidelherius, Idelherus; died 914) was the second bishop of Vic (899--914) after the see was re-founded.	Idalguer	914
date of death	Risteárd de Tiúit (anglicised as Richard Tuite) (ob. 1210) was a member of Richard de Clare, 2nd Earl of Pembroke's Irish invasion force, and Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.	Risteárd de Tiúit	1210
date of death	Sigeric (? -- 22 August 415) was a Visigoth king for seven days in 415 AD.	Sigeric	415
date of death	Adolphe Chenevière, D.ès.L. (1855--1917) was a fin de siècle Swiss novelist, short story writer, and literary scholar.	Adolphe Chenevière	1917
date of death	Francesco Antonio Begnudelli-Basso (born at Trento; died at Freising, 9 October 1713) was an Austrian canon lawyer.	Francesco Antonio Begnudelli-Basso	9 October 1713
date of death	Volmar Wikström (27 December 1889 -- 10 June 1957) was a Finnish wrestler from Pargas, Olympic medalist in freestyle wrestling.	Volmar Wikström	10 June 1957
date of death	Joseph Stretch Crowther (1820 -- March 1893) (usually known as J. S. Crowther) was an English architect who practised in Manchester.	J. S. Crowther	March 1893
date of death	Christina Anna Skytte af Dudenhof (Stockholm, 9 November 1643 --21 January 1677, Hagelsrum), was a Swedish baroness and pirate.	Christina Anna Skytte	1677
date of death	Giacomo Rondinella (born 30 August 1923 - 25 February 2015) was an Italian singer and actor.	Giacomo Rondinella	25 February 2015
date of death	Cristóbal Galán (ca. 1630--24 September 1684) was a Spanish Baroque composer.	Cristóbal Galán	24 September 1684
date of death	Áed mac Néill (died 819) (Irish pronunciation: (ˈaið mak niːˈəl)), commonly called Áed Oirdnide, was King of Ailech.	Áed Oirdnide	819
date of death	Patrick Lindsay, 4th Lord Lindsay of the Byres (died 1526) was a reputed advisor of James IV of Scotland, and counsellor to Margaret Tudor.	Patrick Lindsay, 4th Lord Lindsay	1526
date of death	Xavier Petulengro (25 December 1859 - 16 June 1957), more often known as Gipsy Petulengro (or Gypsy Petulengro), was a British Romanichal horse trader, violinist, businessman, writer and broadcaster, known as the ``King of the Gypsies''.	Xavier Petulengro	16 June 1957
date of death	George Metochites (Greek: Γεώργιος Μετοχίτης; c. 1250 -- 1328) was an archdeacon in Constantinople during the 1270s and early 1280s, and an important, fervent supporter of the Union of the Greek and Latin Churches that was agreed to at the Second Council of Lyons (1274).	George Metochites	1328
date of death	Samuel Noble (1779--1853) was an English engraver, and minister of the New Church (Swedenborgian).	Samuel Noble	1853
date of death	Major Wellesley Tudor Pole O.B.E. (23 April 1884 -- 13 September 1968) was a spiritualist and early British Bahá'í.	Wellesley Tudor Pole	13 September 1968
date of death	Sir Evan Nepean, 1st Baronet (9 July 1752 -- 2 October 1822) was a British politician and colonial administrator.	Evan Nepean	2 October 1822
date of death	James Rhodes Stanley Raper (9 August 1909 -- 9 March 1997) was an English first-class cricketer, who played three matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club against Derbyshire and Gloucestershire in 1936, and after World War II, versus Nottinghamshire in 1947.	Stanley Raper	9 March 1997
date of death	Antony Nicholas Allott (30 June 1924 -- 3 June 2002) was an English academic, Professor of African Law at the University of London.	Antony Nicholas Allott	3 June 2002
date of death	Sir Arthur Forbes, 1st Baronet of Castle Forbes, County Longford, Ireland (c. 1590--1632) took part in the Scottish Plantation of Ireland, and died in a duel at Hamburg, Germany.	Sir Arthur Forbes, 1st Baronet	1632
date of death	Although a doctor was called, Frank Paton died from heart failure at around 5.30 am on 13 November 1909, just 10 days short of his 54th birthday.	Frank Paton	13 November 1909
date of death	Blessed Stefan Wincenty Frelichowski (22 January 1913 in Chełmża -- 23 February 1945 in Dachau) was a Polish priest and Scout, and is the patron of Polish Scouts.	Stefan Wincenty Frelichowski	23 February 1945
date of death	Edith Hipkins (1854--1945) was a British portrait painter who exhibited regularly at the Royal Academy between 1883 and 1911.	Edith Hipkins	1945
date of death	Franz Gürtner (26 August 1881 -- 29 January 1941) was a German Minister of Justice in Adolf Hitler's cabinet, responsible for coordinating jurisprudence in the Third Reich.	Franz Gürtner	29 January 1941
date of death	Prof Tom Leadbetter Cottrell DSc FRSE (1923 -- 1973) (usually simply referred to as Tom Cottrell) was a short-lived but influential Scottish chemist.	Tom Cottrell	1973
date of death	David Morier Evans (1819--1874), was a Welsh financial journalist.	David Morier Evans	1874
date of death	Thomas Nicholas Burke (8 September 1830 in Galway -- 2 July 1882 in Tallaght, Ireland) was an Irish Dominican preacher.	Thomas Nicholas Burke	2 July 1882
date of death	He died on 17 November 1871 at Hume Towers, his residence at Bournemouth, leaving issue, of whom H. M. Walmsley wrote The Life of Sir Joshua Walmsley (London 1879).	Joshua Walmsley	17 November 1871
date of death	Govind Mukkaji Rathod (death 26 October, 2014) was a member of the 13th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly.	Govind Mukkaji Rathod	26 October, 2014
date of death	Jovan Cvetković (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Цветковић; 1860--1915), known as Jovan Dolgač (Јован Долгач), was a Serbian Chetnik commander in Macedonia, who also participated in the Balkan Wars and World War I in the Chetnik detachments of the Serbian Army.	Jovan Dolgač	1915
date of death	Sue Hastings (May 10, 1884 -- 1977) was an American puppeteer known for popularizing the ancient art of puppetry in the 1930s and 1940s.	Sue Hastings	1977
date of death	Andrés Díaz Venero de Leiva (died 1578) was the first president of the New Kingdom of Granada, appointed in 1564.	Andrés Díaz Venero de Leiva	1578
date of death	Deng Conghao (Chinese: 邓从豪; Pinyin: Dèng Cóngháo; 1920--1998) was a Chinese educator.	Deng Conghao	1998
date of death	John Preston, 1st Baron Tara (4 November 1764 -- 18 July 1821), was an Irish politician.	John Preston, 1st Baron Tara	18 July 1821
date of death	Franz von Lauer (11 May 1736 -- 11 September 1803) began his service in the Austrian army as an engineer officer and became a general officer while fighting against Ottoman Turkey.	Franz von Lauer	11 September 1803
date of death	Alexander McCabe (Irish: Alasdar Mac Cába; 5 June 1886 -- 31 May 1972) was an Irish Sinn Féin (later Cumann na nGaedheal) politician.	Alexander McCabe	31 May 1972
date of death	Elizabeth Phillips Hughes (12 July 1851 -- 19 December 1925) was a Welsh scholar, teacher, and promoter of women's education.	Elizabeth Phillips Hughes	19 December 1925
date of death	John Batmanson (died 1531), was prior of the Charterhouse in London.	John Batmanson	1531
date of death	Edmund Gayton (1608--1666) was an English academic, physician and author, now considered a hack writer.	Edmund Gayton	1666
date of death	Dinqinesh Mercha (1815 -- August 1907) was Empress-Consort of Emperor Tekle Giyorgis II. Empress Dinqinesh was the daughter of Shum Mercha of Tembien, and his wife Woizero Silass of Enderta.	Dinqinesh Mercha	1907
date of death	Virginia North, Lady White (1 January 1945 -- 5 June 2004) was an Anglo-American actress who appeared in small roles in five films and one TV programme between 1967 and 1971.	Virginia North	5 June 2004
date of death	Bartholomew Price (1818 -- 29 December 1898) was an English mathematician and educator.	Bartholomew Price	29 December 1898
date of death	Charles Fritts (1850 -- 1903) was the American inventor credited with creating the first working Selenium Cell in 1883.	Charles Fritts	1903
date of death	Bartolomé Sureda y Miserol (1769--1850) was a Spanish artisan.	Bartolomé Sureda y Miserol	1850
date of death	Sir Hugh Plat (1552--1608) was an English writer on agriculture and inventor, known from his works The Jewell House of Art and Nature (1594) and his major work on gardening Floraes Paradise (1608).	Hugh Plat	1608
date of death	Tord Godal (27 June 1909 -- 27 February 2002) was a Norwegian theologian and bishop for the Diocese of Nidaros.	Tord Godal	27 February 2002
date of death	Karl Harris (21 October 1979 -- 3 June 2014) was a three-time British Supersport champion.	Karl Harris	3 June 2014
date of death	Jack Fitzsimons (26 April 1930 -- 4 November 2014) was an Irish chartered architect and surveyor based in Kells, County Meath.	Jack Fitzsimons	4 November 2014
date of death	Joam Yama(1566? -- 29 September 1633) was a Japanese Jesuit monk born in Tsu Province, at the center of Japan's main island.	Joam Yama	29 September 1633
date of death	Talbot Dilworth-Harrison (5 July 1886 - 16 May 1975) was Archdeacon of Chesterfield from 1934 until 1943.	Talbot Dilworth-Harrison	16 May 1975
date of death	Arabella Elizabeth Roupell (23 March 1817 Newport, Shropshire -- 31 July 1914 Swallowfield, Berkshire) was an English flower painter, noted for an anonymous set of flower paintings published in 1849 under the title 'Specimens of the flora of South Africa by a Lady'.	Arabella Elizabeth Roupell	31 July 1914
date of death	Anna Petronella van Heerden (1887--1975), was the first Afrikaner woman to qualify as a medical doctor.	Anna Petronella van Heerden	1975
date of death	Grace Stone Coates (1881--1976) wrote short stories, poetry, and news articles.	Grace Stone Coates	1976
date of death	Magnus O'Donnell (q4 1882 -- after 1906) was an English footballer who scored 13 goals from 64 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City and Barnsley.	Magnus O'Donnell	1906
date of death	Sir George Matthew McNaughton CB (31 January 1893 -- 31 August 1966) was a British civil engineer who specialised in hydraulic engineering.	George Matthew McNaughton	31 August 1966
date of death	Cyril Lord (12 July 1911 -- 29 May 1984) was a British entrepreneur known principally for the manufacture of carpets during the 1960s.	Cyril Lord	29 May 1984
date of death	Bengt Lindskog (25 February 1933 -- 27 January 2008) was a Swedish footballer who played at both professional and international levels, as a midfielder.	Bengt Lindskog	27 January 2008
date of death	Harald Hennum (29 May 1928 -- 14 October 1993) was a Norwegian footballer.	Harald Hennum	14 October 1993
date of death	Arden John Arden Maddison (12 February 1900 -- 19 August 1987) was an English footballer who played at half-back for Stoke, Port Vale, Oldham Athletic, Mansfield Town, SC Nîmes (France), Gresley Rovers and Sutton Town.	Arden Maddison	19 August 1987
date of death	Robert Morehead Cook (12 January, 1919 -- 29 December, 1999) was a United States Army Colonel, who served as an inspector general during the Vietnam War.	Robert Morehead Cook	29 December, 1999
date of death	George Riddle Banta, Sr. (July 16, 1857 -- September 23, 1935) was the founder of the George Banta Company (later the Banta Corporation) and an influential figure in the development of the collegiate Phi Delta Theta fraternity and Delta Gamma women's fraternity.	George Banta	1935
date of death	Baron Francis van Aarssens or Baron François van Aerssen (27 September 1572 - 27 December 1641), from 1611 on lord of Sommelsdijk, was a diplomat and statesman of the United Provinces.	Francis van Aarssens	27 December 1641
date of death	Catherine Edith Macauley Martin (1848 -- 15 March 1937) was an Australian novelist who used the pseudonyms M. C., Mrs Alick MacLeod or anonymous.	Catherine Edith Macauley Martin	15 March 1937
date of death	Fritz Bennewitz (20 January 1926 -- 13 September 1995) was a German Theatre Director.	Fritz Bennewitz	13 September 1995
date of death	William Bateman, 1st Viscount Bateman KB, FRS (1695 -- December 1744), was a British Whig politician.	William Bateman, 1st Viscount Bateman	December 1744
date of death	Sir John Henry Orr OBE QPM (1918--1995), was a Scottish police officer and was the first Chief Constable of the Lothian and Borders Police.	John Henry Orr	1995
date of death	William Philip Hiern (19 January 1839 -- 28 November 1925) was a British mathematician and botanist.	William Philip Hiern	1925
date of death	Norman John MacMillan, CC, QC (1909 -- 30 October 1978) was a president of Canadian National Railway.	Norman John MacMillan	30 October 1978
date of death	Alberts Jērums (1919, Karula Parish - 1978) was a noted Latvian composer.	Alberts Jērums	1978
date of death	Ugolino Gonzaga (1320 -- 13 October 1362) was an Italian condottiero, a member of the House of Gonzaga.	Ugolino Gonzaga	13 October 1362
date of death	John Inglis, Lord Glencorse FRSE (21 August 1810 -- 20 August 1891) was a Scottish politician and judge.	John Inglis, Lord Glencorse	20 August 1891
date of death	Müezzinzade Ali Pasha (Turkish: Müezzinzade Ali Paşa; also known as Sofu Ali Pasha or Sufi Ali Pasha or Meyzinoğlu Ali Pasha; died 7 October 1571) was an Ottoman statesman and naval officer.	Sufi Ali Pasha	7 October 1571
date of death	Air Marshal Sir Charles Edward Chilton KBE, CB (1 November 1906 -- 4 August 1992) was a Royal Air Force officer who served as Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief Coastal Command from 1959 to 1962.	Edward Chilton	4 August 1992
date of death	Paolo Stoppa (6 June 1906 -- 1 May 1988) was an Italian actor and dubber.	Paolo Stoppa	1 May 1988
date of death	Hugh Trumble (12 May 1867 -- 14 August 1938) was an Australian cricketer who played 32 Test matches as a bowling all-rounder between 1890 and 1904.	Hugh Trumble	14 August 1938
date of death	Herbert du Parcq, Baron du Parcq PC, KC (5 August 1880 -- 27 April 1949) was a British judge.	Herbert du Parcq, Baron du Parcq	27 April 1949
date of death	Friedrich Weichelt (December 1894 -- November 1961) was a leading German explosives engineer.	Friedrich Weichelt	November 1961
date of death	Augusto Gansser-Biaggi (28 October 1910 -- 9 January 2012) was a Swiss geologist who specialised in the geology of the Himalayas.	Augusto Gansser-Biaggi	9 January 2012
date of death	Shukur Burkhanov (Russian: Бурханов, Шукур; 15 September 1910 -- 15 August 1987) was a Soviet theatre and cinema actor.	Shukur Burkhanov	15 August 1987
date of death	Vorn Vet (1934--1978) born Pen Thuok, was a deputy prime minister for the economy of Democratic Kampuchea.	Vorn Vet	1978
date of death	Shivaramaiah Ramachandra Aithal (Kannada: ಶಿವರಾಮಯ್ಯ ರಾಮಚಂದ್ರ ಐತಾಳ; 16 November 1948 -- 10 January 2011), popularly known as S. Ramachandra, was a National Award winning Indian cinematographer.	S. Ramachandra	10 January 2011
date of death	James Stanton V (1771--1829) is the namesake of Stantonsburg, North Carolina.	James Stanton V	1829
date of death	Eric Cheney (5 January 1924 -- 30 December 2001) was an English motorcycle racer, designer and independent constructor.	Eric Cheney	30 December 2001
date of death	Otmar Mácha (Mariánské Hory, Ostrava, 2 October 1922--Pardubice, 14 December 2006) was a Czech composer.	Otmar Mácha	14 December 2006
date of death	Countess Dorothea of Hanau-Münzenberg (4 February 1556 -- 5 September 1638), was a German noblewoman member of the House of Hanau by birth and by virtue of her two marriages Countess of Ortenburg and Gleichen-Kranichfeld-Ehrenstein-Blankenhain.	Dorothea of Hanau-Münzenberg	5 September 1638
date of death	Cully Richards (1908--1978) was an American singer, film and television actor.	Cully Richards	1978
date of death	Apichet Kittikorncharoen (Thai: อภิเชษฐ์ กิตติกรเจริญ; rtgs: Aphichet Kittikoncharoen, name later changed to Panrawat (ปาณรวัฐ), 2 December 1982 -- 9 December 2007) was a Thai singer known under the stage name Big D2B.	Apichet Kittikorncharoen	9 December 2007
date of death	Katharina Dalton (11 November 1916 -- 17 September 2004) was a British physician and pioneer in the research of premenstrual stress syndrome.	Katharina Dalton	17 September 2004
date of death	Anna of Masovia (c. 1498 -- after 26 January 1557 in Jaroslaw) was Princess of Mazovia and a member of the House of Piast.	Anna of Masovia	26 January 1557
date of death	Friedrich Burmeister (1890--1969) was a German geophysicist.	Friedrich Burmeister	1969
date of death	Louis E. Eliasberg, Sr. (1896--1976) was an American financier and numismatist.	Louis E. Eliasberg	1976
date of death	Samuel Mearne (20 April 1624 -- May 1683) was an English Restoration bookbinder and publisher whose work is considered a high point of pre-industrial bookbinding.	Samuel Mearne	1683
date of death	Hieronymus Karl Graf von Colloredo-Mansfeld (30 March 1775 -- 23 July 1822) was an Austrian corps commander during the Napoleonic Wars.	Hieronymus Karl Graf von Colloredo-Mansfeld	23 July 1822
date of death	Eduard Hedvicek (Czech: Eduard Hedvíček) was born in 1878 in Kojetín, Moravia, Austria-Hungary, now in the Czech Republic, and died 1947 in Vienna, Austria.	Eduard Hedvicek	1947
date of death	Trudeliese Schmidt (7 November 1942 − 24 June 2004) was a German operatic mezzosoprano who had an international career, performing at major opera houses and festivals in Europe.	Trudeliese Schmidt	24 June 2004
date of death	Harvey Ladew Williams, Jr. (1900-1986) was an American businessman who received induction into the National Order of the Legion of Honour in 1962 for 47 years of service to the French government.	Harvey Ladew Williams, Jr.	1986
date of death	Publius Ostorius Scapula (died 52) was a Roman statesman and general who governed Britain from 47 until his death, and was responsible for the defeat and capture of Caratacus.	Publius Ostorius Scapula	52
date of death	Johann Bayer (1572 -- 7 March 1625) was a German lawyer and uranographer (celestial cartographer).	Johann Bayer	7 March 1625
date of death	Christopher Columbus Rogers (1846--1888) was a controversial and colorful Texan marshal and gunfighter.	Christopher Columbus Rogers	1888
date of death	Henry Opitek (January 6, 1911-March 1981) became the first patient to survive open heart surgery in 1952.	Henry Opitek	1981
date of death	Baron Karl Clodt von Jürgensburg (Russian: Карл Фёдорович Клодт фон Юргенсбург; 1765-1822) was a general in the Imperial Russian Army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Karl Clodt von Jürgensburg	1822
date of death	Hamilton Bobby (died 10 December 2011) was an Indian international footballer.	Hamilton Bobby	10 December 2011
date of death	Ludwig Minkus (Russian: Людвиг Минкус), also known as Léon Fyodorovich Minkus (23 March 1826 -- 7 December 1917), was an Austrian composer of ballet music, a violin virtuoso and teacher.	Ludwig Minkus	7 December 1917
date of death	Henrik Kacser FRSE (22 September 1918 -- 13 March 1995) was a biochemist and geneticist.	Henrik Kacser	13 March 1995
date of death	Sir Walter Massy-Greene KCMG (6 November 1874 -- 16 November 1952) was an Australian politician and businessman.	Walter Massy-Greene	16 November 1952
date of death	Stanley Myers (6 October 1930 -- 9 November 1993) was a British film composer who scored over sixty films.	Stanley Myers	9 November 1993
date of death	Terence Miller (19 January 1918 -- 17 January 2015) was a British academic and professor of geology.	Terence Miller	17 January 2015
date of death	Jakov Nenadović (Serbian: Јаков Ненадовић; 1765 -- 1836) was the first Serbian interior minister.	Jakov Nenadović	1836
date of death	Ismail Hadji Maulvi-Mohammed (1781--1831), Muslim reformer, was born at Pholahnear Delhi, India.	Ismail Hadji Maulvi-Mohammed	1831
date of death	Kilambi Ramanujachari (1853--1928), shortly K. Ramanujachari, was an Indian lawyer and administrator.	Kilambi Ramanujachari	1928
date of death	Jacques de Chambly (died 1687) was from a French military background and became a seigneur in the New World and a governor of Acadia.	Jacques de Chambly	1687
date of death	Renié Conley (31 July 1901 - 12 June 1992) was a prominent Hollywood costume designer.	Renié	12 June 1992
date of death	Aedh Ailghin (died 767) was the 22nd King of Uí Maine.	Aedh Ailghin	767
date of death	Avrom Yanovsky (1911--1979) was a Canadian editorial cartoonist.	Avrom Yanovsky	1979
date of death	Frank Negri (1 November 1918 -- 8 August 1994) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Frank Negri	8 August 1994
date of death	Minkhaung II (Burmese: ဒုတိယ မင်းခေါင် (dṵtḭja̰ mɪ́ɴɡàʊɴ); 9 October 1446 -- 7 April 1501) was king of Ava from 1480 to 1501.	Minkhaung II	7 April 1501
date of death	Ned Kick (12 October 1904 -- 24 February 1991) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ned Kick	24 February 1991
date of death	Robert Otway-Cave (1796 -- 29 November 1844), styled The Honourable from 1839, was a British politician.	Robert Otway-Cave	29 November 1844
date of death	Richard Hambro (1946-2009) was a British heir, investment banker, horsebreeder and philanthropist.	Richard Hambro	2009
date of death	Angel Metodiev (Angel Metodiev Angelov, Bulgarian: Ангел Методиев Ангелов) (16 March 1921- 29 April 1984) was a Bulgarian fine art painter (Classical Realism) and teacher.	Angel Metodiev	29 April 1984
date of death	Enzo Fiermonte (17 July 1908 -- 22 March 1993), sometimes credited as William Bird, was an actor and boxer.	Enzo Fiermonte	22 March 1993
date of death	Leonard Albert Wiseman OBE BSc ARI.C CText FTI (4 November 1915-24 Jan 2009), organic chemist, scientific intelligence analyst and scientific administrator.	Leonard Albert Wiseman	2009
date of death	Walter McFarland (1945 -- 15 August 2014) was a Northern Irish footballer and coach, who played for Irish League side Crusaders during the 1960s and 70s.	Walter McFarland	15 August 2014
date of death	Frances Kirby Smith (1785--1875) was the mother of U.S. Civil War general Edmund Kirby Smith and a confederate spy who orchestrated transport of mail and military intelligence to the Confederate troops.	Frances Kirby Smith	1875
date of death	Sir Francis Simon, (2 July 1893 -- 31 October 1956), was a German and later British physical chemist and physicist who devised the method, and confirmed its feasibility, of separating the isotope Uranium-235 and thus made a major contribution to the creation of the atomic bomb.	Francis Simon	31 October 1956
date of death	Isokichi Komine (1866 -- 3 October 1934) was an Australian pearl diver, merchant, and trader.	Isokichi Komine	3 October 1934
date of death	Wallace Woodworth (1832--1882) was a wealthy businessman and rancher in Los Angeles County, California, in the 19th century.	Wallace Woodworth	1882
date of death	Vangjel Meksi (1770--1821) was an Albanian physician, writer, and translator.	Vangjel Meksi	1821
date of death	Elizabeth Gould Davis (1910--1974) was an American librarian who wrote a feminist book called The First Sex.	Elizabeth Gould Davis	1974
date of death	Prof Chaudry Mohammad Aslam (1900--1965) was a Pakistani mathematician and renowned cartographer.	Chaudry Mohammad Aslam	1965
date of death	Joseph Schipfer (8 April 1761 -- 27 January 1843) was a German landowner and vine producer, today mostly known for his creation of the language Communicationssprache.	Joseph Schipfer	27 January 1843
date of death	Nicholas Ivor Gotham, known as Nic Gotham, (27 September 1959 -- 25 July 2013) was a Canadian jazz saxophonist and composer.	Nic Gotham	25 July 2013
date of death	Vilmos Kertész (21 March 1890 -- 1962) was a Hungarian international footballer who played alongside his two brothers, Gyula and Adolf.	Vilmos Kertész	1962
date of death	Nicholas E. Wagman (1905 -- 1980) was an American astronomer and astrometrist.	Nicholas E. Wagman	1980
date of death	Jan Pauwel Gillemans the Elder (1618, Antwerp -- 1675, Antwerp), was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Jan Pauwel Gillemans the Elder	1675
date of death	Jabez Turner (1828--1899) was a former Mayor of Sacramento, California.	Jabez Turner	1899
date of death	Rev Robert Boog Watson BA FRSE (26 September 1823 -- 23 June 1910) was a Scottish malacologist and minister of the Free Church of Scotland best known as the author of the report on the Scaphopoda and Gastropoda collected during the H.M.S. Challenger expedition to survey the world's oceans from 1873-1876.	Robert Boog Watson	1910
date of death	Aḥmad III Abū Yaʿfar ibn ʿAbd al-Malik al-Mustanṣir (died 5 February 1146), called Sayf al-Dawla (``Sword of the Dynasty''), latinised as Zafadola, was the last ruler of the Hudid dynasty.	Zafadola	5 February 1146
date of death	Sioeli Nau also known as Joel Nau (1825--1895) was a Tongan Methodist minister.	Sioeli Nau	1895
date of death	Yolanda of Flanders (in French, Yolande de Hainaut; 1175--1219) ruled the Latin Empire in Constantinople for her son Philip of Namur from 1217 to 1219.	Yolanda of Flanders	1219
date of death	Kees Brusse (Dutch: (ˈbrʏsə); 26 February 1925 -- 9 December 2013) was a Dutch actor, film director and screenwriter.	Kees Brusse	9 December 2013
date of death	Jill Esmond (26 January 1908 -- 28 July 1990) was an English stage and screen actress.	Jill Esmond	28 July 1990
date of death	Alfred Pike Bissonnet (1914--1979) is a former Canadian diplomat.	Alfred Pike Bissonnet	1979
date of death	Pope Sylvester II or Silvester II (c. 946 -- 12 May 1003) was Pope from 2 April 999 to his death in 1003.	Pope Sylvester II	12 May 1003
date of death	Thomas Beighton (25 December 1790 -- 14 April 1844) was an English Protestant Christian missionary who served with the London Missionary Society to the Chinese people of Malaysia in the early nineteenth century.	Thomas Beighton	14 April 1844
date of death	Andrew George Malcolm (1818--1856) was an Irish physician and medical historian, who was employed by the General Hospital in Belfast.	Andrew George Malcolm	1856
date of death	Rodolfo Ostromann (22 December 1903 -- 5 September 1960) was an Austrian professional footballer, who played as a striker.	Rodolfo Ostromann	5 September 1960
date of death	Şevki Balmumcu (1905 -- 20 April 1982 Istanbul) was a Turkish architect who designed the Ankara Opera House.	Şevki Balmumcu	20 April 1982
date of death	Edwin Emery Slosson (7 June 1865 -- 15 October 1929) was an American magazine editor, author, journalist and chemist.	Edwin Emery Slosson	15 October 1929
date of death	Pierre Henri Gauttier Duparc (1772 -- 1850) was a French Navy officer and admiral.	Pierre Henri Gauttier Duparc	1850
date of death	John Henry Alexander (1812--March 2, 1867) was a noted scientist and businessman, born in Annapolis, Maryland in 1812.	John Henry Alexander	1867
date of death	Henry Godolphin (1648--1733) was a Provost of Eton College and Dean of St. Paul's Cathedral in London, a position in which he clashed with Sir Christopher Wren in the period when the new cathedral had reached the finishing touches.	Henry Godolphin	1733
date of death	Ma Sicong (Chinese: 馬思聰; pinyin: Mǎ Sīcōng; Wade--Giles: Ma Szu-ts'ung; May 7, 1912 -- May 20, 1987) was a Chinese violinist and composer.	Ma Sicong	1987
date of death	Edward Lawrence Levy (born 21 December 1851 -- May 1932) was a British weightlifter.	Edward Lawrence Levy	1932
date of death	Huitzilatzin (or Huitzillatzin) (died in the year Seven Reed/1499) was the first tlatoani (ruler) of the pre-Columbian altepetl (ethnic state) of Huitzilopochco (now Churubusco) in the Valley of Mexico.	Huitzilatzin	1499
date of death	Seydi Ali Reis (1498--1563), formerly also written Sidi Ali Reis and Sidi Ali Ben Hossein, was an Ottoman admiral.	Seydi Ali Reis	1563
date of death	Alfred Barnard Basset FRS (25 July 1854 -- 5 December 1930) was a mathematician working on algebraic geometry, electrodynamics and hydrodynamics.	Alfred Barnard Basset	5 December 1930
date of death	Sir James Alfred Ewing KCB FRS FRSE MInstitCE (27 March 1855 − 7 January 1935) was a Scottish physicist and engineer, best known for his work on the magnetic properties of metals and, in particular, for his discovery of, and coinage of the word, hysteresis.	James Alfred Ewing	7 January 1935
date of death	Al-Mansur Yahya (died 976) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen, whose tenure as imam is counted from 934 to 976.	Al-Mansur Yahya	976
date of death	James Lord Bowes (21 June 1834 -- 27 October 1899) was a wealthy Liverpool (UK) wool broker, art collector and patron of the arts, author and authority on Japan and its art, and benefactor.	James Lord Bowes	27 October 1899
date of death	Larry Cunningham (13 February 1938 - 28 September 2012) was an Irish country music singer, who was one of the leading figures of the showband scene in the 1960s and 1970s.	Larry Cunningham	28 September 2012
date of death	William Thornhill (c.1500--1557), of Thornhill in Stalbridge, Dorset, was an English politician.	William Thornhill	1557
date of death	Ma'mun al-Hudaybi (May 28, 1921 -- January 8, 2004) was the sixth General Guide of the Egyptian Muslim Brothers.	Ma'mun al-Hudaybi	2004
date of death	Girolamo Ruggieri (1662--1717) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Girolamo Ruggieri	1717
date of death	Arthur Creech Jones (15 May 1891 -- 23 October 1964) was a British trade union official and politician.	Arthur Creech Jones	23 October 1964
date of death	Johannes Heer of Glarus (1489--1553) was a song composer and copyist, and later minister in the Reformed Church.	Johannes Heer	1553
date of death	Alan Rowlands (1 March 1929 -- 2 January 2012) was an English pianist (though born in Swansea, Wales) who made notable contributions to British musical life both as a teacher and as a performer.	Alan Rowlands	2 January 2012
date of death	Jim Hitchmough (21 September 1934 -- May 1997) was a TV comedy writer, teacher and academic.	Jim Hitchmough	1997
date of death	Sir George Sowley Holroyd (1758--1831) was an English lawyer and justice of the King's Bench.	George Sowley Holroyd	1831
date of death	Eliyahu Speiser (Hebrew: אליהו שפייזר‎ ;23 March 1930 -- 12 November 2009) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1977 and 1988.	Eliyahu Speiser	12 November 2009
date of death	C. Kesavan (23 May 1891 -- 7 July 1969) was the Chief Minister of Travancore-Cochin during 1950--1952.	C. Kesavan	7 July 1969
date of death	Digby Willoughby, 7th Baron Middleton (29 November 1769 -- 5 November 1856) was an English nobleman and sailor, the eldest son of Francis Willoughby of Hesley and Octavia Fisher, and grandson of Thomas Willoughby.	Digby Willoughby, 7th Baron Middleton	5 November 1856
date of death	Jumabek Ibraimov (Жумабек Ибраимович Ибраимов) (1 January 1944 -- 4 April 1999) was a Kyrgyz politician.	Jumabek Ibraimov	4 April 1999
date of death	Thomas Tunstall (Tunstal) (executed at Norwich, 13 July 1616) was an English Roman Catholic priest.	Thomas Tunstall	1616
date of death	William de Brit was Sheriff of Connacht until his death at the battle of Termon MacGrath in 1247.	William de Brit	1247
date of death	Arthur Nikisch (Hungarian: Nikisch Artúr; 12 October 1855 -- 23 January 1922) was a Hungarian conductor who performed internationally, holding posts in Boston, London and--most importantly--	Arthur Nikisch	23 January 1922
date of death	Arthur Edmondston, M.D. (1776--1841) was a Scottish physician and writer on the Shetland Isles.	Arthur Edmondston	1841
date of death	Joseph Ashby (1859 -- 1919) was an agricultural trade unionist born in Tysoe, Warwickshire, England.	Joseph Ashby	1919
date of death	Charles Constantine Pise, SJ, (1801--1866) was a Roman Catholic priest and writer.	Charles Constantine Pise	1866
date of death	John Alured (1607--1651) was an army officer who fought for the parliamentary cause in the English Civil War and was one of the regicides of King Charles I in 1649.	John Alured	1651
date of death	Te Rata Mahuta (1877--1880? -- 1 October 1933) was the fourth Māori King, reigning from 1912 to 1933.	Te Rata	1 October 1933
date of death	Air Marshal Sir (Alfred) Clifford Sanderson KBE, CB, DFC (19 February 1898 -- 28 January 1976) was a British Royal Air Force officer who became Air Officer Commanding Far East Air Force.	Clifford Sanderson	28 January 1976
date of death	Isaac ben Abba Mari (c. 1122 -- c. 1193) was a Provençal rabbi and author of Ittur Soferim.	Isaac ben Abba Mari	1193
date of death	Polissena of San Macario (died 1571) was an alleged Italian witch.	Polissena of San Macario	1571
date of death	At age sixty-seven, Thomas Peter Lee died of a coronary occlusion on February 4, 1939, and he was buried at Glenwood Cemetery in Houston, two days later.	Thomas Peter Lee	1939
date of death	Percy Jeeves (5 March 1888 -- 22 July 1916) was a first-class cricketer from England, playing 50 matches for Warwickshire County Cricket Club from 1912 to 1914.	Percy Jeeves	22 July 1916
date of death	Sir Thomas Glemham (c. 1594 -- 1649) was an English soldier, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1625.	Thomas Glemham	1649
date of death	Bert Pronk (24 October 1950 -- 15 March 2005) was a Dutch road cyclist who won the Tour de Luxembourg and Ronde van Nederland in 1977.	Bert Pronk	15 March 2005
date of death	Sonya Noskowiak (25 November 1900 - 28 April 1975) was an American photographer and member of the famous San Francisco photography collective Group f/64 that included Ansel Adams and Edward Weston.	Sonya Noskowiak	28 April 1975
date of death	Angelo Di Pietro J.U.D. (22 May 1828 -- 5 December 1914) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Prefect of the Congregation of the Council.	Angelo Di Pietro	5 December 1914
date of death	Hellmuth Kneser (16 April 1898 -- 23 August 1973) was a Baltic German mathematician, who made notable contributions to group theory and topology.	Hellmuth Kneser	23 August 1973
date of death	Paul Erickson (22 November 1920 -- 27 October 1991) was a British screenwriter, most active in the 1950s and 1960s.	Paul Erickson	27 October 1991
date of death	Imam-Quli Khan (Persian: امامقلی خان‎‎، Emāmqolī Khan) (died 1633) was an Iranian military and political leader of Georgian origin who served as a governor of Fars, Lar and Bahrain for the shahs Abbas I and Safi.	Imam-Quli Khan	1633
date of death	John Patrick Morris (1894 - 31 July 1962) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Salford North from 1931 until 1945.	John Patrick Morris	31 July 1962
date of death	George Malcolm-Smith (1901-1984) was an American novelist and jazz musicologist.	George Malcolm-Smith	1984
date of death	Joachim Lubomirski (died 1610) was a Polish nobleman (szlachcic).	Joachim Lubomirski	1610
date of death	Joe Lucy (2 February 1930 -- 21 July 1991) was a British boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1953 and 1955 and again between 1956 and 1957.	Joe Lucy	21 July 1991
date of death	Alfred Wainwright (``A.W.'') MBE (17 January 1907 -- 20 January 1991) was a British fellwalker, guidebook author and illustrator.	Alfred Wainwright	20 January 1991
date of death	Subhashis Nag (14 August 1955 -- 22 December 1998) was an Indian mathematician who specialised in complex analytic geometry, particularly Teichmuller theory, and its relations to string theory.	Subhashis Nag	22 December 1998
date of death	Kaigetsudō Ando (壊月堂安度, c. 1671--1743), also known as Ando Yasunori, was a Japanese painter and the founder of the Kaigetsudō school of ukiyo-e art. Though influential and prolific, it is probable that many of the works attributed to him were painted by his disciples.	Kaigetsudō Ando	1743
date of death	Iris Owens (1929-2008), also known by her pseudonym Harriet Daimler, was an American novelist.	Iris Owens	2008
date of death	Johan Frederik (Frits) Nikolai Vermehren, also known as Frederik Vermehren, (12 May 1823 -- 10 January 1910), Danish realistic genre and portrait painter, was born in Ringsted to glazier Peter Frederik Nikolai Vermehren and his wife Sofie Amalie.	Frederik Vermehren	10 January 1910
date of death	Nageswara Rao Panditharadhyula (26 March 1912 - 13 November 1976) was a Telugu-language Indian journalist.	Nageswara Rao Panditharadhyula	13 November 1976
date of death	Nathaniel Elliot or Sheldon (1705-1780), was an English Jesuit scholar.	Nathaniel Elliot	1780
date of death	Carl (or Karl) Heinrich Schultz (8 July 1798 in Altruppin -- 22 March 1871), known as Carl Heinrich 'Schultzenstein' Schultz, was a German physician and botanist.	Carl Heinrich 'Schultzenstein' Schultz	22 March 1871
date of death	Božidar Petranović (18 February 1809 -- 12 September 1874) was a Serbian author, scholar, journalist, and one of the leading historians of Serbian literature and a distinctive proponent of world literature.	Božidar Petranović	12 September 1874
date of death	Ivaniš Berislavić (Latin: Joannes Berizlo) was the Despot of the Kingdom of Serbia (regni Rascie despotus) from 1504 to 1514.	Ivaniš Berislavić	1514
date of death	Geordie Bourne (or Burn) (died 1597) was a well-known thief or raider in the English East Marches land that bordered Scotland.	Geordie Bourne	1597
date of death	Edward Coke, Viscount Coke (2 February 1719 -- 31 August 1753), styled The Hon. Edward Coke from 1728 to 1744, was a British Member of Parliament.	Edward Coke, Viscount Coke	31 August 1753
date of death	Creighton Carvello (14 November 1944 -- 18 November 2008) was a British mnemonist.	Creighton Carvello	18 November 2008
date of death	Elsie Randolph (9 December 1904 -- 15 October 1982) was an English actress, singer and dancer.	Elsie Randolph	15 October 1982
date of death	Private Minnie Spotted-Wolf (1923--1988) was the first Native American woman to enlist in the United States Marine Corps.	Minnie Spotted-Wolf	1988
developer	Pokémon Channel, released in Japan as Pokémon Channel ~Together with Pikachu!~ (ポケモンチャンネル ～ピカチュウといっしょ!～ Pokemon Channeru ~Pikachū to Issho!~), is a 2003 video game in the Pokémon series for the GameCube, developed by Ambrella and published by Nintendo and The Pokémon Company.	Pokémon Channel	Ambrella
developer	Thrillville is a simulation and strategy video game that depicts theme park management, very similar to RollerCoaster Tycoon 3, which Frontier Developments also developed.	Thrillville	Frontier Developments
developer	Hidden Invasion is a video game designed by Toka.	Hidden Invasion	Toka
developer	Azure Dreams (アザーライフ アザードリームス Azā Raifu Azā Dorīmusu), is a PlayStation video game developed by Konami and was originally released in Japan on November 13, 1997.	Azure Dreams	Konami
developer	4th & Inches is an American football sports game by Accolade.	4th & Inches	Accolade
educated at	Thomas Ferguson Rodger CBE FRCP Glas FRCP Ed FRCPsych (4 November 1907 -- 1 June 1978) was a Scottish physician who was Professor of Psychological Medicine at the University of Glasgow from 1948 to 1973, and Emeritus Professor thereafter.	Ferguson Rodger	University of Glasgow
educated at	Charles Martin Le Quesne, son of Charles Thomas Le Quesne, was educated at Shrewsbury School and Exeter College, Oxford.	Martin Le Quesne	Shrewsbury School	Exeter College
educated at	Colin de Land (1955- 2003) was a New York art dealer who ran ``Vox Populi'', and then American Fine Arts, Co. De Land studied philosophy and linguistics at New York University and founded the Armory Show.	Colin de Land	New York University
educated at	Rose Ann Scamardella graduated from Marymount Manhattan College with a B.A. in sociology in 1968.	Rose Ann Scamardella	Marymount Manhattan College
educated at	Jan Bach earned a Bachelor of Music degree in 1959 from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and a Doctor of Musical Arts degree in composition there in 1971.	Jan Bach	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
educated at	After his Matura, Hans Peter Haselsteiner studied business economics at the Vienna University of Economics and Business, from where he graduated in 1970.	Hans Peter Haselsteiner	Vienna University of Economics and Business
educated at	Born in Rabat, at 17 Amidou moved to Paris to attend the CNSAD.	Amidou	CNSAD
educated at	Alain Badiou (French: (alɛ̃ badju) (listen) ; born 17 January 1937) is a French philosopher, formerly chair of Philosophy at the École Normale Supérieure (ENS) and founder of the faculty of Philosophy of the Université de Paris VIII with Gilles Deleuze, Michel Foucault and Jean-François Lyotard.	Alain Badiou	École Normale Supérieure
educated at	Born in Bydgoszcz, Poland, Joanna Rajkowska studied painting at the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków, Poland (1988--1993), and art history at Jagiellonian University, Kraków, Poland (1988--1993).	Joanna Rajkowska	Academy of Fine Arts	Jagiellonian University
educated at	Adolphus Ypey or Adolphus Ypeus or Adolf Ypey (4 June 1749, Franeker - 27 February 1822, Leiden), was a Dutch botanist and Doctor of Philosophy and Medicine who graduated at the University of Franeker and stayed on to lecture in botany.	Adolphus Ypey	University of Franeker
educated at	Born to Russian-Jewish parents and raised in the Bronx, Marian Zazeela was educated at the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts and at Bennington College where she studied with Paul Feeley, Eugene C. Goossen and Tony Smith.	Marian Zazeela	Bennington College
educated at	1971 Eric Staller completed a Bachelor Degree in Architecture at the University of Michigan.	Eric Staller	University of Michigan
educated at	She was born Laura Reichenthal in New York to a family of Austrian Jewish immigrants, and educated at Cornell University, where she began to write poetry, publishing first (1923--26) under the name Laura Riding Gottschalk.	Laura Riding	Cornell University
educated at	David Bergeron attended Lakeridge High School, after graduating high school he went to college at Stanford University.	David Bergeron	Stanford University
educated at	Emma Bates is a 12-time All American and the 2014 NCAA 10,000 champion at Boise State University.	Emma Bates	Boise State University
educated at	When he was eighteen, Harvey Littleton enrolled at the University of Michigan to study physics.	Harvey Littleton	University of Michigan
educated at	Virendra Verma was educated in J.H. School in Shamli, then DAV/SD High School in Muzaffarnagar and after his graduation attained an L.L.B. in 1943 from Meerut College, Meerut.	Virendra Verma	Meerut College
educated at	Anthony Radziwill was raised Roman Catholic there; he attended Colet Court preparatory school in London, and later Choate Rosemary Hall preparatory school in Wallingford, Connecticut, graduating in 1978.	Anthony Radziwill	Choate Rosemary Hall
educated at	John Ellis Martineau was born in Clay County in western Missouri and graduated from the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville in 1896 and obtained his law degree from the University of Arkansas School of Law in 1899.	John Ellis Martineau	University of Arkansas
educated at	Amy Peikoff studied at the University of California, Los Angeles, where she earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics and Applied Science in 1992 and her Juris Doctor in 1998, having attended her first year of law school at Pepperdine University.	Amy Peikoff	University of California, Los Angeles
educated at	Charles-Ange Laisant (1 November 1841 -- 5 May 1920), French politician and mathematician, was born at Indre, near Nantes on 1 November 1841, and was educated at the École Polytechnique as a military engineer.	Charles-Ange Laisant	École Polytechnique
educated at	Eduardo Rabossi was born in Buenos Aires on March 20, 1930 and graduated in Law at the University of Buenos Aires.	Eduardo Rabossi	University of Buenos Aires
educated at	Andrew Weinreich graduated cum laude with a B.A. in American History from the University of Pennsylvania in 1990.	Andrew Weinreich	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Dan Wikler earned Highest Honors in Philosophy at Oberlin College in Ohio, where he received the baccalaureate degree in 1967.	Dan Wikler	Oberlin College
educated at	Dennis Reid received his B.A. and M.A. from the University of Toronto.	Dennis Reid	University of Toronto
educated at	After studying mathematics and computer science in Amsterdam, Frank van Harmelen moved to the Department of AI of the University of Edinburgh, where he was awarded a PhD in 1989 for his research on meta-level reasoning.	Frank van Harmelen	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Born in Sverdlovsk, Valery Tishkov attended Moscow State University, where he received a B.A. in 1964.	Valery Tishkov	Moscow State University
educated at	Matthew Barley was born near Sheffield and trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London and the Moscow Conservatoire.	Matthew Barley	Guildhall School of Music and Drama
educated at	Carole Bromley is a British poet, and creative writing tutor for the University of York.	Carole Bromley	University of York
educated at	Born and raised in Toronto, Ontario, Gary Archibald is a graduate of the University of Toronto, Centennial College, and Mississippi State University.	Gary Archibald	University of Toronto
educated at	Tim Cordes is a blind American physician who earned a Doctor of Medicine degree from the University of Wisconsin-- Madison in 2005, and is the second blind person ever to be accepted to an American school of medicine.	Tim Cordes	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	The Very Right Reverend Monsignor John L. McNulty, Ph.D., (b. 1898) was an American Roman Catholic Domestic prelate and the 13th President of Seton Hall University.	John L. McNulty	Seton Hall University
educated at	Gu Kailai gained a degree in law and then a masters in international politics from Peking University.	Gu Kailai	Peking University
educated at	Jacqueline Rowarth was born in the UK in 1956, and has a PhD in soil science from Massey University (1987).	Jacqueline Rowarth	Massey University
educated at	John Hubert Lacey MD FRCPsych (born 4 November 1944) is a British psychiatrist who is professor of psychiatry at St George's, University of London.	Hubert Lacey	University of London
educated at	Winthrop family, Cameron Kerry graduated from Harvard College in 1972, and Boston College Law School in 1978.	Cameron Kerry	Harvard College	Boston College Law School
educated at	Satabdi Roy passed her Madhyamik from Sorojini High School in 1986 and later attended Jogamaya Devi College, a women's college affiliated to the University of Calcutta.	Satabdi Roy	Jogamaya Devi College	University of Calcutta
educated at	Randall Robinson graduated from Virginia Union University, and earned a law degree at Harvard Law School.	Randall Robinson	Harvard Law School
educated at	Lucyna Kulińska graduated from the Faculty of History in the Jagiellonian University in 1978.	Lucyna Kulińska	Jagiellonian University
educated at	Born in Alexandria, West Dunbartonshire, the grandson of Scotland international William McColl, Ian McColl developed his footballing skills with Vale of Leven juniors while at Vale of Leven F.C. He joined Queen's Park in 1943 when he moved to Glasgow to study engineering at the University of Glasgow.	Ian McColl	University of Glasgow
educated at	Philip Carr-Gomm was born in London, raised in Notting Hill Gate, and educated at Westminster School and University College London.	Philip Carr-Gomm	University College London
educated at	Sidney Burbank attended the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, graduating 17th in a class of 46 in 1829.	Sidney Burbank	United States Military Academy
educated at	Krishna Saraswat is a professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University in the United States.	Krishna Saraswat	Stanford University
educated at	Robert Pink D.D. (Pinck, Pincke, Pinke) (1573 -- 2 November 1647) was an English clergyman and academic, a supporter of William Laud as Warden of New College, Oxford, and later a royalist imprisoned by Parliament.	Robert Pink	New College
educated at	Raymond H. Fogler was born in Hope, Maine and educated at the University of Maine, receiving a bachelor's degree in biology in 1915.	Raymond H. Fogler	University of Maine
educated at	Hall Bartlett was born in Kansas City, Missouri, he graduated from Yale University Phi Beta Kappa, and was a Rhodes Scholar nominee.	Hall Bartlett	Yale University
educated at	Zhou Weihui, known in the West as Wei Hui, studied Chinese Language and Literature at Fudan University in Shanghai, after a year of military training.	Zhou Weihui	Fudan University
educated at	An English major who graduated from Waseda University, one of Japan's most prestigious, in 1935, Motoyoshi Oda was promptly accepted into the directors' program at Tokyo's P.C.L. (Photo Chemical Laboratories, a film company later incorporated into Toho Studios).	Motoyoshi Oda	Waseda University
educated at	Jane Corbin was educated at King's College London, graduating with a degree in English in 1975.	Jane Corbin	King's College London
educated at	Larry Chapman was the college basketball head coach for Auburn University at Montgomery and was for 37 years.	Larry Chapman	Auburn University
educated at	Claude Baker attained a B.M. degree, magna cum laude, from East Carolina University in 1970.	Claude Baker	East Carolina University
educated at	Patrick Kron started his education after high school at Collège-lycée Jacques-Decour as a young boy at the elite university École Polytechnique in Paris.	Patrick Kron	École Polytechnique
educated at	Frederick Vinton Hunt (February 15, 1905 -- Buffalo, New York, April 21, 1972) was an inventor, a scientist and a professor at Harvard University who worked in the field of acoustic engineering.	Frederick Vinton Hunt	Harvard University
educated at	Dan Ackman is an American journalist and civil rights lawyer, who graduated from Wesleyan University and Columbia Law School.	Dan Ackman	Wesleyan University	Columbia Law School
educated at	Born in Akron, Ohio to Catherine and Harry Dicopoulos, Frank Dicopoulos majored in psychology and minored in art and drama at Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio.	Frank Dicopoulos	Kenyon College
educated at	Wyndham Halswelle had a notable athletic career at Charterhouse School and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, before being commissioned into the Highland Light Infantry in 1901.	Wyndham Halswelle	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	Michelle Lopez received her B.A. in literature and art history in 1992 at Barnard College, and she received her M.F.A in 1994 at The School of Visual Arts.	Michelle Lopez	Barnard College
educated at	A 6-foot-11 center out of Loyola University Chicago, LaRue Martin entered the NBA with much fanfare in 1972.	LaRue Martin	Loyola University Chicago
educated at	Rev. Heng Sure earned an MA degree in Oriental Languages from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1976 and a PhD in Religion from the Graduate Theological Union, Berkeley, in 2003.	Heng Sure	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Michael Wishnie is a Clinical Professor of Law at Yale Law School.	Michael Wishnie	Yale Law School
educated at	Harry Ostrer graduated in 1972 from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Physics, Course 8).	Harry Ostrer	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Alon Harel (born 1957) is a law professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where he holds the Phillip P. Mizock & Estelle Mizock Chair in Administrative and Criminal Law.	Alon Harel	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	William Robert Ming, Jr. (May 7, 1911 -- June 30, 1973) was an American lawyer, attorney with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and law professor at University of Chicago Law School and Howard University School of Law.	William Robert Ming	University of Chicago Law School
educated at	After brief periods of study at the Lu Xun Academy in Beijing and Shanghai's Fudan University, Hong Ying moved to London in 1991 where she settled as a writer.	Hong Ying	Fudan University
educated at	John Yonge (c. 1465 -- 25 April 1516), English ecclesiastic and diplomatist, was born at Upper Heyford, Oxfordshire, and educated at Winchester and New College, Oxford, where he became a fellow in 1485.	John Yonge	New College
educated at	Born in Gothenburg, Sweden, PewDiePie originally pursued a degree in Industrial Economics and Technology Management at Chalmers University of Technology.	PewDiePie	Chalmers University of Technology
educated at	Jan Christiansen came to Trondheim in 1965 as student at the Norwegian Institute of Technology.	Jan Christiansen	Norwegian Institute of Technology
educated at	Bob Bolen initially enrolled at Texas A&M University, but left the school to enlist in the U.S. Navy during World War II. He served as a gunnery officer on board the USS Iowa (BB-61) during the war.	Bob Bolen	Texas A&M University
educated at	Ferdinand Buisson was a student at the Lycée Condorcet, then received his aggrégation in philosophy.	Ferdinand Buisson	Lycée Condorcet
employer	Derrick de Kerckhove (born 1944) is the author of The Skin of Culture and Connected Intelligence and Professor in the Department of French at the University of Toronto, Canada.	Derrick de Kerckhove	University of Toronto
employer	Orville Vernon Burton is a professor of history at Clemson University and Director of the Clemson CyberInstitute.	Vernon Burton	Clemson University
employer	Richard Eastell MD, FRCP (London, Edinburgh, Ireland), FRCPath, FMedSci (born 12 February 1953) is a British medical doctor and Professor of Bone Metabolism at the University of Sheffield.	Richard Eastell	University of Sheffield
employer	Matthew J. Holman (born 1967) is a Smithsonian Astrophysicist and lecturer at Harvard University.	Matthew J. Holman	Harvard University
employer	Qiudong Wang is a Professor at the Department of Mathematics, the University of Arizona.	Qiudong Wang	University of Arizona
father	Liu Honggao was born in 923, his mother was Consort Xie Yiqing who was favored by his father Liu Yan, and he was Liu Yan's 10th son.	Liu Honggao	Liu Yan
father	Jean Coquelin (1865--1944) was a French film and stage actor and the son of Benoît-Constant Coquelin.	Jean Coquelin	Benoît-Constant Coquelin
father	Morgan O'Connell (31 October 1804 -- 20 January 1885), soldier, politician and son of Daniel O'Connell, the Liberator.	Morgan O'Connell	Daniel O'Connell
father	Mary Cohan (1909--1983), aka Mary Cohan Ronkin, a Broadway composer and lyricist, and the middle daughter of vaudeville and Broadway legend George M. Cohan.	Mary Cohan	George M. Cohan
father	Joost de Lalaing was the eldest son of Simon de Lalaing.	Joost de Lalaing	Simon de Lalaing
founder	Coventry Ordnance Works was a British manufacturer of heavy guns particularly naval artillery jointly owned by Cammell Laird & Co of Sheffield and Birkenhead, Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company of Govan, Glasgow and John Brown & Company of Clydebank and Sheffield.	Coventry Ordnance Works	Cammell Laird
founder	DMOZ was founded in the United States as Gnuhoo by Rich Skrenta and Bob Truel in 1998 while they were both working as engineers for Sun Microsystems.	DMOZ	Rich Skrenta	Bob Truel
founder	Aircel Comics (a.k.a. Aircel Publishing) was a Canadian comic book publisher founded by Barry Blair, based in Ottawa and active between 1985 and 1994.	Aircel Comics	Barry Blair
founder	Famous Stars and Straps (or simply Famous) is an American clothing and accessory line created by blink-182 drummer Travis Barker in December 1999.	Famous Stars and Straps	Travis Barker
founder	Fischer-Chöre (Fischer choirs) is a group of children choirs, youth choirs, men choirs, and mixed choirs that are singing under the direction of Gotthilf Fischer; they are based in the Stuttgart area.	Fischer-Chöre	Gotthilf Fischer
headquarters location	Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. is a family controlled Italian pharmaceutical company based in Parma, Emilia-Romagna.	Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A.	Parma
headquarters location	Comet Group was an electrical retail chain trading in the United Kingdom, latterly owned by OpCapita.	Comet Group	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Andrew Handyside and Company was an iron founder in Derby, England, in the nineteenth century.	Andrew Handyside and Company	Derby
headquarters location	AGCO Corporation is an American agricultural equipment manufacturer based in Duluth, Georgia, United States.	AGCO	Duluth
headquarters location	Buzz Foto held the first modern day paparazzi exhibition at the Seyhoun Gallery in Beverly Hills, California, USA.	Buzz Foto	Beverly Hills
instrument	Rudolf Jansen (born January 19, 1940 in Arnhem) is a Dutch pianist, who studied piano, organ and harpsichord simultaneously at the Conservatoire of Amsterdam.	Rudolf Jansen	piano	organ
instrument	Henri Mulet (12 October 1878 - 20 September 1967) was a French composer, organ, harmonium and cello player.	Henri Mulet	organ
instrument	Henk van Lijnschooten went to his local music school for violin and clarinet lessons.	Henk van Lijnschooten	clarinet
instrument	Barney Liddell (August 13, 1921 -- May 5, 2003) was an American born big band musician from television's The Lawrence Welk Show, his instrument was the trombone.	Barney Liddell	trombone
instrument	Salil Bhatt is an Indian slide guitar player.	Salil Bhatt	guitar
instrument	Ruth Underwood (born Ruth Komanoff, May 23, 1946) is a retired professional musician, best known for playing xylophone, marimba, vibraphone and other percussion instruments in Frank Zappa and the Mothers of Invention.	Ruth Underwood	xylophone	marimba	vibraphone
instrument	Ralph Mooney (September 16, 1928 -- March 20, 2011) was a well-known steel guitar player.	Ralph Mooney	guitar
instrument	Scott Englebright (born July 17, 1971) is an American jazz trumpet player.	Scott Englebright	trumpet
instrument	In 1998 Craig Morris also had a short stint with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra as Fourth/Utility trumpet.	Craig Morris	trumpet
instrument	Verne Fiedler was a professional guitarist and banjo player.	Verne Fiedler	banjo
instrument	Stan Cullimore (born Ian Peter Cullimore, 6 May 1962, Hull, England) played guitar, between 1983 and 1988, for the Hull-based indie rock band The Housemartins.	Stan Cullimore	guitar
instrument	Mo Foster is a British session musician, playing primarily jazz, jazz-fusion and rock bass guitar.	Mo Foster	bass guitar
instrument	Sonatas for violin and piano (Apapaziz) 2001 No Piano on That One (Apapaziz) 2002 Vivaldi's Four Seasons`` (Apapaziz) 2003 Gilles Apap and The Sinfonia Varsovia (Apapaziz) 2006 Gilles Apap:	Gilles Apap	violin
instrument	Herman Marquis is a Jamaican saxophone musician who has played with many reggae artists including Burning Spear.	Herman Marquis	saxophone
instrument	Rafe Stefanini (first name rhymes with ``safe'') is an old-time banjo player, fiddler, guitarist, singer, teacher, violin maker, and restorer.	Rafe Stefanini	banjo
instrument	Pannalal Ghosh (24 July 1911 -- 20 April 1960), also known as Amal-Jyoti Ghosh (অমলজ্যোতি ঘোষ), was a Bangladeshi descent Indian flute (bansuri) player and composer.	Pannalal Ghosh	bansuri
instrument	Johnny O'Leary (6 June 1923 -- 9 February 2004) was a noted Irish traditional musician from Sliabh Luachra who played the button accordion.	Johnny O'Leary	accordion
instrument	Nuru Kane (born Papa Nouroudine Kane) is a Senegalese singer/songwriter who plays guitar, bass and guimbri, a three-stringed Moroccan bass in the band Bayefall Gnawa.	Nuru Kane	guitar
instrument	Kristoffer Kompen (born 14 August 1984 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (trombone) and composer, known from a series of performances and recordings within bands like ``Jazzin' Babies'' and with musicians like Eirik Hegdal, Eyolf Dale, David Skinner, Håkon Storm-Mathisen and Kåre Nymark.	Kristoffer Kompen	trombone
instrument	Shamek Farrah is an alto saxophone player, who was featured on many Strata-East Records albums, and released two albums on the label as leader.	Shamek Farrah	saxophone
instrument	Margaret Barry (1917--1989) was an Irish Traveller, traditional singer and banjo player.	Margaret Barry	banjo
instrument	Willis is also the author of four books for bass guitar, ``Fingerboard Harmony for Bass'', ``The Gary Willis Collection'', ``Ultimate Ear Training for Guitar and Bass'' and ``101 Bass Tips'' all published by Hal Leonard.	Gary Willis	guitar
instrument	Kathryn Tickell OBE DL (born 8 June 1967) is an English player of the Northumbrian smallpipes and fiddle.	Kathryn Tickell	Northumbrian smallpipes
instrument	Donald Stanley Hasty (most often D. Stanley Hasty or just Stanley Hasty) (February 21, 1920 - June 22, 2011) was professor emeritus of clarinet at the Eastman School of Music.	D. Stanley Hasty	clarinet
instrument	Ben Janssen is a guitar player from the Netherlands.	Ben Janssen	guitar
languages spoken or written	Pierre François le Courayer (17 November 1681 -- 17 October 1776) was a French Catholic theological writer, for many years an expatriate in England.	Pierre François le Courayer	French
languages spoken or written	Roberto Simanowski (born 1963) is a German scholar of literature and media studies and editor of dichtung-digital, a journal for contributions on digital aesthetics, which he founded in 1999.	Roberto Simanowski	German
languages spoken or written	Cyril Atanassoff (born in Puteaux on 30 June 1941) is a Bulgarian dancer originally from French.	Cyril Atanassoff	French
languages spoken or written	Cayetana Guillén Cuervo, (Madrid, June 13, 1969) is a Spanish actress and TV presenter.	Cayetana Guillén Cuervo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pedro Antonio de Alarcón y Ariza (10 March 1833 -- 19 July 1891) was a nineteenth-century Spanish novelist, author of the novel El Sombrero de Tres Picos (The Three-Cornered Hat, 1874).	Pedro Antonio de Alarcón	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Flavio Testi (4 January 1923 in Florence -- 14 January 2014 in Milan) was an Italian composer of contemporary classical music and musicologist.	Flavio Testi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Massimo Rotundo (born 11 April 1955) is an Italian comics artist.	Massimo Rotundo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Leopoldo Querol (November 15, 1899 -- August 26, 1985) was a Spanish classical pianist.	Leopoldo Querol	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dimitrija Čupovski (Macedonian: Димитрија Чуповски) (November 8, 1878 -- October 29, 1940) was a Macedonian textbook writer and lexicographer.	Dimitrija Čupovski	Macedonian
languages spoken or written	Božin Pavlovski (Macedonian: Божин Павловски) is a Macedonian, Australian, and known European novelist translated in more than twenty languages, who has lived in Australia for the past three decades, is in the prime of his creative life.	Božin Pavlovski	Macedonian
languages spoken or written	Marta Gastón Menal (2 February 1973 --) is a Spanish politician.	Marta Gastón Menal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Robert Brightiffe (c. 1666 -- 22 September 1749) was an English barrister, Member of Parliament, and Recorder.	Robert Brightiffe	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Yves Trémois (born 8 January 1921 in Paris) is a French visual artist and sculptor.	Pierre-Yves Trémois	French
languages spoken or written	John Bacon Sawrey Morritt (1772? -- 1843) was an English traveller, politician and classical scholar.	John Bacon Sawrey Morritt	English
languages spoken or written	Gaspar de Molina y Saldívar (1741--1806) was a Spanish architect, painter, poet and writer.	Gaspar de Molina y Saldívar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Elena Runggaldier (born Bolzano, 10 July 1990) is an Italian ski jumper and Nordic combined skier, who represents G.S. Fiamme Gialle.	Elena Runggaldier	Italian
languages spoken or written	Matilda Koen-Sarano (in Hebrew: מתילדה כהן-סראנו), is an Israeli writer, born in Milan, Italy in 1939 to Turkish Jewish parents is one of the most widely known writers in the Ladino language.	Matilda Koen-Sarano	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Abraham Cresques (Catalan pronunciation: (əβɾəˈam ˈkɾeskəs), 1325--1387), whose real name was Cresques (son of) Abraham, was a 14th-century Jewish cartographer from Palma, Majorca (then part of the Crown of Aragon).	Abraham Cresques	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Nicolas-François Dupré de Saint-Maur (1695, Paris -- 30 November 1774) was a French economist and statistician.	Nicolas-François Dupré de Saint-Maur	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Krieger (born 13 March 1933 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German writer, essayist, journalist of influential weekly papers such as Die Zeit, broadcaster and poet.	Hans Krieger	German
languages spoken or written	Hermann Bonitz (29 July 1814 -- 25 July 1888), German scholar, was born at Langensalza in Prussian Saxony.	Hermann Bonitz	German
languages spoken or written	Marie Poussepin (14 October 1653 -- 24 January 1744) was a French Dominican who founded the congregation of the Dominican Sisters of Charity of the Presentation.	Marie Poussepin	French
languages spoken or written	Ryan Gander (born 1976) is an English artist, born in Chester, who lives and works between London and Suffolk.	Ryan Gander	English
languages spoken or written	Sofonisba Anguissola (c. 1532 -- 16 November 1625), also known as Sophonisba Angussola or Anguisciola, was an Italian Renaissance painter born in Cremona to a noble family, but a relatively poor one.	Sofonisba Anguissola	Italian
languages spoken or written	Uwe Tellkamp (born October 28, 1968 in Dresden, Germany) is a German writer and physician.	Uwe Tellkamp	German
languages spoken or written	Clément Philibert Léo Delibes (French: (dəlib); 21 February 1836 -- 16 January 1891) was a French composer of the Romantic era (1815--1910), specialised in ballets, operas, and other works for the stage.	Léo Delibes	French
languages spoken or written	Walerian Borowczyk (2 September 1923 -- 3 February 2006) was an internationally known Polish film director described by film critics as a 'genius who also happened to be a pornographer'.	Walerian Borowczyk	Polish
languages spoken or written	Colette Audry (6 July 1906 -- 20 October 1990) was a French novelist, screenwriter, and critic.	Colette Audry	French
languages spoken or written	Enrique Líster Forján (April 21, 1907 -- December 8, 1994) was a Spanish communist politician and military officer.	Enrique Líster	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hailji is a modern Korean writer whose series of ``Racetrack'' novels created controversy in Korea.	Hailji	Korean
languages spoken or written	Luciano Damiani (1923--2007) was an Italian stage and costume designer, who worked both for theatre and opera productions.	Luciano Damiani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nazriya Nazim (born 20 December 1994) is an Indian film actress who has starred in Malayalam and Tamil films.	Nazriya Nazim	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Baron Samuel von Pufendorf (8 January 1632 -- 13 October 1694) was a German jurist, political philosopher, economist, statesman, and historian.	Samuel von Pufendorf	German
languages spoken or written	José Manuel Martín Pérez (born May 24, 1924) is a retired Spanish film and television actor, radio broadcaster, and screenwriter.	José Manuel Martín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Yosl Bergner (Hebrew: יוסל ברגנר‎; born 13 October 1920) is an Israeli painter.	Yosl Bergner	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Javier Botet López (Ciudad Real, 31 July 1977) is a Spanish actor, film director and illustrator.	Javier Botet	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shivaji Guruvayoor is a film actor in Malayalam cinema.	Shivaji Guruvayoor	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Mario Oliverio (b. San Giovanni in Fiore on January 4, 1953) is an Italian politician.	Mario Oliverio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lothar Engelhardt (July 5, 1939 -- March 2010) was a graduated military scientist, major general, and the last Commander in Chief of the National People's Army in the former German Democratic Republic.	Lothar Engelhardt	German
languages spoken or written	Michael Siebler (born 1956) is a German journalist and classical archaeologist.	Michael Siebler	German
languages spoken or written	Vicente Allanegui y Lusarreta (1868--1948) was an Aragonese priest and composer born in Calanda in the Spanish comarca of Bajo Aragón.	Vicente Allanegui	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Périer (born 1 February 1940) is a French photographer and film director.	Jean-Marie Périer	French
languages spoken or written	Luis de Guindos Jurado (born January 16, 1960) is a Spanish politician and currently the Minister of Economy and Competitiveness of Spain.	Luis de Guindos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jaume Barberà i Ribas (Mollet del Vallès, 1955) is a Catalan director and TV presenter Since 2014 he has directed and presents the program Retrats and takes part in talk shows on RAC 1.	Jaume Barberà	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Min Yu Wai (Burmese: မင်းယုဝေ; born Win Maung) is a prolific Burmese writer.	Min Yu Wai	Burmese
languages spoken or written	Charles de La Porte (1602, Paris -- 8 February 1664, Paris) was a French nobleman and general.	Charles de La Porte	French
languages spoken or written	Jonas Gardell, born 2 November 1963 in Enebyberg, Stockholm County, is a Swedish novelist, playwright, screenwriter and comedian.	Jonas Gardell	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Birgitta Ahlqvist, born 1948, is a Swedish social democratic politician, She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 to 1995, and then again from 1998 to 2006.	Birgitta Ahlqvist	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Adelaide Anne Procter (30 October 1825 -- 2 February 1864) was an English poet and philanthropist.	Adelaide Anne Procter	English
languages spoken or written	Veronica Micle (born Ana Câmpeanu; April 22, 1850--August 3, 1889) was an Imperial Austrian-born Romanian poet, whose work was influenced by Romanticism.	Veronica Micle	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Hans Multscher (ca. 1400--1467) was a German sculptor and painter.	Hans Multscher	German
languages spoken or written	Leopoldo Cano y Masas (November 13, 1844 -- 1934) was a Spanish soldier, poet and playwright associated with the Realist movement.	Leopoldo Cano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Arnobius the Younger (Latin: Arnobius Junior), Christian priest or bishop in Gaul, wrote from Rome around the year 460.	Arnobius the Younger	Latin
languages spoken or written	Renata Tarragó Fábregas (1927-August 2, 2005), a Catalan guitarist and vihuelist, was a teacher and performer, both as a solo artist and an accompanist.	Renata Tarragó	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Franjo Tuđman (Croatian pronunciation: (frǎːɲo tûd͡ʑman); 14 May 1922 -- 10 December 1999) was a Croatian politician and historian.	Franjo Tuđman	Croatian
languages spoken or written	John Newbery (9 July 1713 -- 22 December 1767), called ``The Father of Children's Literature'', was an English publisher of books who first made children's literature a sustainable and profitable part of the literary market.	John Newbery	English
languages spoken or written	Norman Robert Campbell (1880--1949) was an English physicist and philosopher of science.	Norman Robert Campbell	English
languages spoken or written	Christian Rohlfs (November 22, 1849 -- January 8, 1938) was a German painter, one of the important representatives of German expressionism.	Christian Rohlfs	German
languages spoken or written	William Fuller-Maitland (6 May 1844 -- 15 November 1932) was an English art collector and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1875 to 1895.	William Fuller-Maitland	English
languages spoken or written	Albin de la Simone (born in Amiens, Picardy, France on 14 December 1970) is a French singer-songwriter.	Albin de la Simone	French
languages spoken or written	Dieter Borchmeyer (born 3 May 1941 in Essen) is a German literary critic.	Dieter Borchmeyer	German
languages spoken or written	Ciriaco Morón Arroyo (b. Pastrana, 8 August 1935) is a Spanish philologist and professor.	Ciriaco Morón Arroyo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Conxita Julià i Farrés (Catalan pronunciation: (kun'tʃitə ʒuli'a i fə'rez)) (born on 11 June 1920), also known as Conxita de Carrasco, is a Catalan woman noted for her dealings with Lluís Companys, President of Catalonia, in the 1930s, and for her poetry.	Conxita Julià	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Francisco Mendoza de Bobadilla (25 September 1508 -- 1 December 1566) was a Spanish Roman Catholic Cardinal.	Francisco Mendoza de Bobadilla	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Victor Henry (1850--1907) was a French philologist, born at Colmar in Alsace.	Victor Henry	French
languages spoken or written	Middleton Onslow (17 April 1732 -- 1801) was an English landowner, who briefly entered Parliament on behalf of the senior branch of his family.	Middleton Onslow	English
languages spoken or written	Johannes Fried (born 23 May 1942, in Hamburg) is a German historian and mediaevalist.	Johannes Fried	German
languages spoken or written	Dan Zahavi is a Danish philosopher.	Dan Zahavi	Danish
languages spoken or written	Julian Croft (born 31 May 1941) is an Australian poet and Emeritus Professor of English, University of New England.	Julian Croft	English
languages spoken or written	Francisco Manuel Perea Bilbao (born November 20, 1978, in Málaga, Andalucía, Spain), professionally known as Fran Perea, is a Spanish actor and singer.	Fran Perea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Édouard Manet (US /mæˈneɪ/ or UK /ˈmæneɪ/; French: (edwaʁ manɛ); 23 January 1832 -- 30 April 1883) was a French painter.	Édouard Manet	French
languages spoken or written	Hermann Baumgarten (28 April 1825 in Wolfenbüttel, Duchy of Brunswick -- 19 June 1893) was a German historian and a political publicist whose work had a major impact on liberalism during the unification of Germany.	Hermann Baumgarten	German
languages spoken or written	Hugo Häring (11 May 1882 -- 17 May 1958) was a German architect and architectural writer best known for his writings on ``organic architecture'', and as a figure in architectural debates about functionalism in the 1920s and 1930s, though he had an important role as an expressionist architect.	Hugo Häring	German
languages spoken or written	Eva Gonzalès (April 19, 1849 -- May 6, 1883) was a French Impressionist painter.	Eva Gonzalès	French
languages spoken or written	Émile Étienne Guimet (26 June 1836 - 12 August 1918) was a French industrialist, traveler and connoisseur.	Émile Étienne Guimet	French
languages spoken or written	Antoine Faivre (born in Reims June 5, 1934) is a prominent French scholar of Western esotericism.	Antoine Faivre	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Steinhoff (10 March 1882 - 20 April 1945) was a German film director, best known for the films he made in the Nazi era.	Hans Steinhoff	German
languages spoken or written	Anton Braith (2 September 1836, Biberach an der Riß - 3 January 1905, Biberach an der Riß) was a German landscape and animal painter.	Anton Braith	German
languages spoken or written	Joaquín de Frías y Moya (Cádiz, Spain, 1784 -- Madrid, Spain, 1851) was a Spanish military figure and politician who served as Minister of State and of Marine in 1843.	Joaquín de Frías y Moya	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ingo Schulze (born 15 December 1962) is a German writer born in Dresden in former East Germany.	Ingo Schulze	German
languages spoken or written	Zheng Zhenduo (Cheng Chen-to; December 19, 1898 -- October 17, 1958), courtesy name Xidi, was a Chinese journalist, writer, archaeologist and scholar.	Zheng Zhenduo	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Golo Mann, originally a Bavarian German, held Czechoslovakian citizenship from 1936 on, American 1943--68, Swiss from 1968 on and additionally German since 1976.	Golo Mann	German
languages spoken or written	Monica Mary Gardner (26 June 1873 -- 16 April 1941) was an English writer on Poland and Polish writers and a translator of Polish literature.	Monica Mary Gardner	Polish
languages spoken or written	Johann Jakob Bodmer (19 July 1698 -- 2 January 1783) was a German-Swiss author, academic, critic and poet.	Johann Jakob Bodmer	German
languages spoken or written	Alfonso Sánchez Izquierdo (born 1949 in Sidi Ifni) is a Spanish journalist and broadcast executive.	Alfonso Sánchez Izquierdo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hieronymus Fabricius or Girolamo Fabrizio or by his Latin name Fabricus ab Aquapendente also Girolamo Fabrizi d'Acquapendente (1537--1619) was a pioneering anatomist and surgeon known in medical science as ``The Father of Embryology.''	Hieronymus Fabricius	Latin
languages spoken or written	José Luis de Oriol y Urigüen, 2nd Marquis of Casa Oriol (1877 -- 1972), was a Spanish businessman, architect and a conservative/Carlist politician.	José Luis de Oriol y Urigüen	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Raúl Capablanca, the second surviving son of a Spanish army officer, was born in Havana on November 19, 1888.	José Raúl Capablanca	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Scaraffia is an Italian writer and professor.	Giuseppe Scaraffia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Bernardo Lecocq (10 Feb 1734 -- 7 Dec1820) was a Spanish military engineer.	Bernardo Lecocq	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Georg Leo Graf von Caprivi de Caprera de Montecuccoli (English: Count George Leo of Caprivi, Caprera, and Montecuccoli, born Georg Leo von Caprivi; 24 February 1831 -- 6 February 1899) was a German general and statesman who succeeded Otto von Bismarck as Chancellor of Germany.	Leo von Caprivi	German
languages spoken or written	Adolfo Suárez Illana (born 5 May 1964) is a Spanish politician, lawyer, author and aficionado-practitioner of bullfighting.	Adolfo Suárez Illana	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Reema Lagoo (Marathi: रीमा लागु) (born 1958) is an Indian actress who has appeared in Marathi and Hindi films and television shows.	Reema Lagoo	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Paul Oscar Blocq (1860--1896) was a French pathologist who is remembered for his neuropathological work done with Jean-Martin Charcot (1825-1893) and Gheorghe Marinescu (1863-1938) at the Salpêtrière in Paris.	Paul Oscar Blocq	French
languages spoken or written	André Hunebelle was a French maître verrier (master glassmaker) and film director.	André Hunebelle	French
languages spoken or written	Sándor Reményik (30 August 1890, Kolozsvár, Austria-Hungary -- 24 October 1941, Kolozsvár) was a Hungarian poet.	Sándor Reményik	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Adrián Ripa Cruz (born 12 August 1985 in Épila, Zaragoza, Aragon) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Numancia as a left back.	Adrián Ripa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Christophe Maé (born 16 October 1975 in Carpentras, Vaucluse) is a French pop singer.	Christophe Maé	French
languages spoken or written	Kim Si-seup (1435--1493) was a Korean scholar and author.	Kim Si-seup	Korean
languages spoken or written	Ģirts Valdis Kristovskis (born 19 February 1962 in Ventspils) is a Latvian politician.	Ģirts Valdis Kristovskis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Dinu C. Giurescu (born February 15, 1927, Bucharest) is a Romanian historian and politician.	Dinu C. Giurescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Daniel Sada (25 February 1953 Mexicali, Baja California -- 18 November 2011 Mexico DF) was a Mexican poet, journalist and writer, whose work has been hailed as one of the most important contributions to the Spanish language.	Daniel Sada	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Philippe-Frédéric Blandin (2 December 1798 -- 16 April 1849) was a French surgeon born in Aubigny, department of Cher.	Philippe-Frédéric Blandin	French
languages spoken or written	Antoine Thiout the elder (Paris, 1692--1767) was a French clockmaker.	Antoine Thiout	French
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Trembecki (1739--1812) was a Polish Enlightenment poet, well known for his poems Na dzień siódmy września and Nadgrobek hajduka, which are said to have started a new trend in Polish political lyric poetry.	Stanisław Trembecki	Polish
languages spoken or written	Vyacheslav Adamczyk (Belarusian: Вячаслаў Уладзіміравіч Адамчык) (1 November 1933 - 5 August 2001) was a Belarusian journalist, writer, playwright and screenwriter.	Vyacheslav Adamczyk	Belarusian
languages spoken or written	Józef Czechowicz (15 March 1903 -- 9 September 1939) was an avant-garde Polish poet.	Józef Czechowicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Michel Ponzio (born 30 January 1967) is a French comics artist and illustrator.	Jean-Michel Ponzio	French
languages spoken or written	Patrick O'Brian, CBE (12 December 1914 -- 2 January 2000), born Richard Patrick Russ, was an English novelist and translator, best known for his Aubrey--	Patrick O'Brian	English
languages spoken or written	Óscar Faura is a Spanish director of photography.	Óscar Faura	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Éric Hérenguel (born 20 October 1966 in Douai) is a French comics artist and comic book creator.	Éric Hérenguel	French
languages spoken or written	Armando Dionisi (born on 11 October 1949 in Canterano) is an Italian politician, and was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in the 2006 General election.	Armando Dionisi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gonzalo Rabuñal Rios (born 1 August 1984 in Arteixo) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who last rode for UCI Professional Continental team Xacobeo-Galicia.	Gonzalo Rabuñal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johann Samuel Ersch (June 23, 1766 -- January 16, 1828) was a German bibliographer, generally regarded as the founder of German bibliography.	Johann Samuel Ersch	German
languages spoken or written	Francesco Ambrosi (November 17, 1821-- 9 April 1897) was an Italian botanist, librarian ethnologue and historian.	Francesco Ambrosi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Victor Scipion Charles Auguste de La Garde de Chambonas (1750--1830) was a mayor of Sens, brigadier general, and French foreign minister, at the beginning of the French Revolution.	Victor Scipion Charles Auguste de La Garde de Chambonas	French
languages spoken or written	Reenu Mathews is an Indian film actress acted in Malayalam films.	Reenu Mathews	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Léon Roques (born 24 October 1839 in Aurignac, dead 1923) was a French transcriber who is best known for his transcriptions of Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel.	Léon Roques	French
languages spoken or written	Maja Beutler (born December 8, 1936, in Bern) is a German language Swiss writer.	Maja Beutler	German
languages spoken or written	Antero Rubín Homent (February 15, 1851 - May 1, 1935) was a Spanish general and politician noted for his long service in Cuba.	Antero Rubín	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shevah Weiss (Hebrew: שבח וייס‎, Polish: Szewach Weiss, born 5 July 1935), is an Israeli political scientist and former politician.	Shevah Weiss	Polish
languages spoken or written	Camille Maurane (November 29, 1911 -- January 21, 2010), born Camille Moreau, was a French baryton-martin singer.	Camille Maurane	French
languages spoken or written	Carlo Severi (born December 9, 1952) is an Italian anthropologist who works chiefly in France.	Carlo Severi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marc Berlière is a French historian who specialises in the history to the French police.	Jean-Marc Berlière	French
languages spoken or written	Sir James Thornhill (25 July 1675 or 1676 -- 4 May 1734) was an English painter of historical subjects working in the Italian baroque tradition.	James Thornhill	English
languages spoken or written	Rey Chow (Chinese: 周蕾) is a cultural critic, specializing in 20th-century Chinese fiction and film and postcolonial theory.	Rey Chow	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Ulrich Beck (May 15, 1944 -- January 1, 2015) was a well known German sociologist, and one of the most cited social scientists in the world during his lifetime.	Ulrich Beck	German
languages spoken or written	René Malbrant (8 March 1903 -- 25 November 1961) was a French veterinarian and conservative politician.	René Malbrant	French
languages spoken or written	Inger Schörling, (born 7 March 1946 in Kalvträsk) is a Swedish politician for the Miljöpartiet.	Inger Schörling	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Chantal Maillard (born 1951) is a contemporary Spanish poet and philosopher.	Chantal Maillard	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ehud Manor (Hebrew: אהוד מנור; born Ehud Weiner; July 13, 1941 -- April 12, 2005) was an Israeli songwriter, translator, and radio and TV personality.	Ehud Manor	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Bogdan Suchodolski (27 December 1903 -- 2 October 1992) was a Polish philosopher, historian of science and culture and teacher.	Bogdan Suchodolski	Polish
languages spoken or written	John Constable, RA (/ˈkʌnstəbəlˌ ˈkɒn-/; 11 June 1776 -- 31 March 1837) was an English Romantic painter.	John Constable	English
languages spoken or written	Bengt Linder, born 1929 in Härnösand, died 1985 was a Swedish writer and journalist.	Bengt Linder	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Ahn Changho, sometimes An Chang-ho (Korean pronunciation: (antɕʰaŋho); Hangul: 안창호; hanja: 安昌浩, November 9, 1878 - March 10, 1938) was a Korean independence activist and one of the early leaders of the Korean-American immigrant community in the United States.	Ahn Changho	Korean
languages spoken or written	Bruna Surfistinha (Portuguese for ``Little Surfer Bruna'') is the pen name of Raquel Pacheco, a Brazilian former sex worker who attracted the attention of Brazilian media and television by publishing, in a blog, her sexual experiences with clients.	Bruna Surfistinha	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Arsenio Linares y Pombo (1848 -- 1914) was a Spanish military man and government official.	Arsenio Linares y Pombo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Clare (13 July 1793 -- 20 May 1864) was an English poet, the son of a farm labourer, who came to be known for his celebratory representations of the English countryside and his lamentation of its disruption.	John Clare	English
languages spoken or written	Czesław Madajczyk (27 May 1921, Jarocin -- 15 February 2008) was a Polish historian.	Czesław Madajczyk	Polish
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Bassani (4 March 1916 -- 13 April 2000) was an Italian novelist, poet, essayist, editor, and international intellectual.	Giorgio Bassani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Michael Kumpfmüller (born 21 July 1961 in Munich) is a German writer and former journalist.	Michael Kumpfmüller	German
languages spoken or written	Eva Verona (February 1, 1905 - May 19, 1996) was the most eminent Croatian librarian and information scientist and is well known among information scientists around the world.	Eva Verona	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Édouard Chimot (26 November 1880 -- 7 June 1959) was a French artist, illustrator and editor whose career reached its peak in the 1920s in Paris, through the publication of fine quality art-printed books.	Édouard Chimot	French
languages spoken or written	Carlos Solchaga Catalán (born 1944) is a Spanish economist, businessman and politician, who served in different capacities at various Spanish cabinets.	Carlos Solchaga Catalán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maria Robsahm, before June 2008 Maria Carlshamre, (born Maria Kelldén 3 February 1957 in Enköping), is a Swedish politician and was a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2009.	Maria Robsahm	Swedish
languages spoken or written	José María Albiñana (October 13, 1883 -- 1936) was a Spanish physician, neurologist, medical writer, philosopher and anti-republican far-right politician.	José María Albiñana	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Imre Varga (born 1 November 1923, Siófok) is a Hungarian sculptor, painter, designer and graphic artist.	Imre Varga	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Subhalekha Sudhakar (born Suravajula Sudhakar, Telugu: శుభలేఖ సుధాకర్, on 19 November 1960) is a leading actor in Telugu cinema and Tamil television.	Subhalekha Sudhakar	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Claude-Louis Navier (born Claude Louis Marie Henri Navier, French: (klod lwi maʁi ɑ̃ʁi navje); 10 February 1785 -- 21 August 1836), was a French engineer and physicist who specialized in mechanics.	Claude-Louis Navier	French
languages spoken or written	Hanna Ożogowska (20 July 1904 in Warsaw -- 26 April 1995 in Warsaw) was a Polish novelist, a poet and a Russian literature translator.	Hanna Ożogowska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Vesna Lemaić, Slovene writer, Ljubljana, Slovenia.	Vesna Lemaić	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Maurizio Costanzo (born 28 August 1938) is an Italian television host, journalist, screenwriter and film director.	Maurizio Costanzo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joseph Kosma (22 October 1905 -- 7 August 1969) was a Hungarian-French composer.	Joseph Kosma	French
languages spoken or written	Amilcare Ponchielli (Italian: (aˈmilkare poŋˈkjɛlli), 31 August 1834 -- 16 January 1886) was an Italian composer, mainly of operas.	Amilcare Ponchielli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gaston Charlot (11 June 1904 -- 17 April 1994) was a French chemist, founder of modern analytical chemistry in France.	Gaston Charlot	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Charles Wetherell (1770 -- 17 August 1846) was an English lawyer, politician and judge.	Charles Wetherell	English
languages spoken or written	Franco Mimmi (born 15 August 1942 in Bologna, Italy) is an Italian journalist and novelist.	Franco Mimmi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Chen Maiping (born November 4, 1952 in Changshu, Jiangsu) is a Chinese-Swedish writer and poet, known by the pen name Wan Zhi (万之).	Chen Maiping	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Phil Jutzi (sometimes known as Piel Jutzi) (July 22, 1896 - May 1, 1946) was a German cinematographer and film director.	Phil Jutzi	German
languages spoken or written	Joan-Josep Tharrats i Vidal (1918 in Girona -- 2001 in Barcelona) was a Spanish painter, art theorist and publisher.	Joan-Josep Tharrats	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Adrian Păunescu (20 July 1943 -- 5 November 2010) was a Romanian poet, journalist, and politician.	Adrian Păunescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Haim Shirman (Hebrew: חיים שירמן‎; October 18, 1904 -- June 14, 1981) was Israeli scholar of medieval Spanish Jewish poetry.	Haim Shirman	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Claire Waldoff (21 October 1884 -- 22 January 1957), born Clara Wortmann, was a German singer.	Claire Waldoff	German
languages spoken or written	Danilo Dolci (June 28, 1924 -- December 30, 1997) was an Italian social activist, sociologist, popular educator and poet.	Danilo Dolci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Abel Rey (29 December 1873, Chalon-sur-Saône -- 13 January 1940, Paris) was a French philosopher and historian of science.	Abel Rey	French
languages spoken or written	Bruno Visentini (August 1, 1914 - February 13, 1995) was an Italian politician, senator, minister, lecturer and industrialist.	Bruno Visentini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Julio Caro Baroja (1914--1995) was a world-renowned Basque Spanish anthropologist, historian, linguist and essayist.	Julio Caro Baroja	Basque Spanish
languages spoken or written	Paul Robin (1837--1912) was a French educator and scientist.	Paul Robin	French
languages spoken or written	Giuliano Ferrara (born in Rome on January 7, 1952) is an Italian politician, journalist, founding editor of Il Foglio, and TV presenter.	Giuliano Ferrara	Italian
languages spoken or written	Apollinaire Bouchardat (July 23, 1809 -- April 7, 1886) was a French pharmacist and hygienist born in L'Isle-sur-Serein.	Apollinaire Bouchardat	French
languages spoken or written	Philip Barker-Webb FRS (10 July 1793 -- 31 August 1854) was an English botanist.	Philip Barker-Webb	English
languages spoken or written	Peter-André Alt (born 16 June 1960 in Berlin) is a German literary scholar and President of the Free University of Berlin.	Peter-André Alt	German
languages spoken or written	Rafael Bastide Gutierrez also known as Raphaël Bastide (b. 24 November 1977 in Bilbao) is a Spanish rugby union winger who has played professionally for Perpignan, Colomiers and, since 2004 for Auch.	Raphaël Bastide	Spanish
languages spoken or written	François-Joseph Bressani, (Francesco-Giuseppe), (6 May 1612 -- 9 September 1672), was an Italian-born Jesuit priest who served as a missionary in New France between 1642 and 1650.	François-Joseph Bressani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Walter Serner (15 January 1889 -- August 1942) was a German-language writer and essayist.	Walter Serner	German
languages spoken or written	Nathan Field (also spelled Feild occasionally) (17 October 1587 -- 1620) was an English dramatist and actor.	Nathan Field	English
languages spoken or written	Federico Mayor Zaragoza (b. January 27, 1934 in Barcelona) is a Spanish scientist, scholar, politician, diplomat, and poet.	Federico Mayor Zaragoza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Swire Smith (4 March 1842 -- 16 March 1918) was an English woollen manufacturer, educationalist and Liberal Party politician.	Swire Smith	English
languages spoken or written	Karim Miské (born 1964) is an Arab-French documentary film maker and writer whose debut novel Arab Jazz (2015) was translated into English by Sam Gordon.	Karim Miské	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Fejos (January 27, 1897 -- April 23, 1963) was a Hungarian-born director of feature films and documentaries who worked in a number of countries including the United States.	Paul Fejos	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Juan Huarte de San Juan or Juan Huarte y Navarro (1529 -- 1588) was a Spanish physician and psychologist.	Juan Huarte de San Juan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernst Kaiser grew up in Vienna, attended a high school, passed the Matura, his military service and studied German.	Ernst Kaiser	German
languages spoken or written	Niharranjan Ray (Bengali: নীহাররঞ্জন রায়) (1903--1981) was an Indian historian, well known for his works on history of art and Buddhism.	Niharranjan Ray	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Pierre Augustin Boissier de Sauvages or François Boissier de Sauvages de Lacroix (28 August 1710, Alès -- 13 December 1795) was a French naturalist, researcher in provençal dialect and encyclopédist.	Pierre Augustin Boissier de Sauvages	French
languages spoken or written	François Fulgis Chevallier (1796, Paris -- 1840) was a French botanist whose areas of interest included fungi, ferns and algae.	François Fulgis Chevallier	French
languages spoken or written	James B. Twitchell is an author and former professor of English.	James B. Twitchell	English
languages spoken or written	Amado Granell Mesado (Burriana -Spain- November 5, 1898 - Sueca, May 12, 1972) was a Spanish military officer of the 20th century.	Amado Granell	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edward Crossley (1841 -- 21 January 1905) was an English businessman, Liberal Party politician and astronomer.	Edward Crossley	English
languages spoken or written	Kim Hyon-hui (Hangul: 김현희, Hanja: 金賢姬; born January 27, 1962), also known as Ok Hwa, is a former North Korean agent, responsible for the Korean Air Flight 858 bombing in 1987, which killed 115 people.	Kim Hyon-hui	Korean
languages spoken or written	Fritz-Albert Popp (born 11 May 1938 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a German researcher in biophysics, particularly in the study of biophotons.	Fritz-Albert Popp	German
languages spoken or written	Dominique Demers (born 23 November 1956) is a French-Canadian bestselling and award winning novelist with a PhD in children's literature, best renowned for her Mlle Charlotte novel series.	Dominique Demers	French
languages spoken or written	Francesc Homs Molist is a Spanish politician and Minister of the Presidency and Spokesperson of the Government of Catalonia.	Francesc Homs Molist	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Entick (c.1703 -- May 1773) was an English schoolmaster and author.	John Entick	English
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Lurani Cernuschi (December 19, 1905 -- January 1995) was an Italian automobile engineer, racing car driver and journalist.	Giovanni Lurani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arno Gruen (May 26, 1923 -- October 20, 2015) was a Swiss-German psychologist and psychoanalyst.	Arno Gruen	German
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Joseph Bernard (26 August 1708 -- 1 November 1775), called Gentil-Bernard by Voltaire for the measured grace of his discreetly erotic verses, was a French military man and salon poet with the reputation of a rake, the author of several libretti for Rameau.	Pierre-Joseph Bernard	French
languages spoken or written	Ilean Almaguer ((Spanish pronunciation: (iˈlean almaˈɣer)) Born Ilean Almaguer Ochoa in December 20, 1987 in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas, Mexico) ís a Mexican actress best known for her roles in telenovelas and dozens of TV commercials.	Ilean Almaguer	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hervé This (French: (tis); born 1955 in Suresnes, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French physical chemist who works for the Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique at AgroParisTech, in Paris, France.	Hervé This	French
languages spoken or written	Nils Gustaf Ekholm (9 October 1848 -- 5 April 1923) was a Swedish meteorologist who led a Swedish geophysical expedition to Spitsbergen in 1882--1883.	Nils Gustaf Ekholm	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Naogeorgus (Thomas Kirchmeyer, Kirchmair, Neubauer; 21 December 1508 -- 29 December 1563) was a Latin dramatist, humanist, Protestant theologian, preacher and pamphleteer of the German Renaissance.	Thomas Naogeorgus	Latin	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Martín Cabezalero (1633--1673) was a Spanish draftsman and painter.	Juan Martín Cabezalero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Artur Manfred Max Neef (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmamfɾeð ˈmaks); born 26 October 1932) is a Chilean economist.	Manfred Max Neef	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Philip Price (1817 -- 31 March 1891) was an English timber merchant and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1852 and 1873.	William Philip Price	English
languages spoken or written	Georg Lunge (15 September 1839 - 3 January 1923) was a German chemist born in Breslau.	Georg Lunge	German
languages spoken or written	Enrico Pieranunzi (born 5 December 1949) is an Italian jazz pianist.	Enrico Pieranunzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fleur Adcock, CNZM, OBE (born 10 February 1934) is a New Zealand poet and editor, of English and Northern Irish ancestry, who has lived much of her life in England.	Fleur Adcock	English
languages spoken or written	Edward Harwood (1729--1794) was a prolific English classical scholar and biblical critic.	Edward Harwood	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Luc Delarue (24 June 1964 -- 23 August 2012) was a French television presenter and producer specialising in televised discussion programmes.	Jean-Luc Delarue	French
languages spoken or written	Roberto Saviano (Italian: (roˈbɛrto saˈvjano); born September 22, 1979) is an Italian writer and journalist.	Roberto Saviano	Italian
languages spoken or written	Miguel Arias Cañete (born 24 February 1950) is a Spanish aristocrat and a politician of the centre-right.	Miguel Arias Cañete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alice Donadel, stagename Alice Dona (Maisons-Alfort, 17 February 1946) is a French singer and songwriter.	Alice Dona	French
languages spoken or written	Theodor Kullak (12 September 1818 -- 1 March 1882) was a German pianist, composer, and teacher.	Theodor Kullak	German
languages spoken or written	Kateřina Konečná is a Czech politician, who, since 2013, has been a Member of the European Parliament representing the Czech Republic.	Kateřina Konečná	Czech
languages spoken or written	Maurizio Lupi (born 3 October 1959) is an Italian politician, who is a member of the New Centre-Right (NCD) and has served as minister of infrastructure and transport between 28 April 2013 and 20 March 2015.	Maurizio Lupi	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Kiffin (1616--1701), sometimes spelled William Kiffen, was a seventeenth-century English Baptist minister.	William Kiffin	English
languages spoken or written	Galileo Ferraris (31 October 1847 -- 7 February 1897) was an Italian physicist and electrical engineer, one of the pioneers of AC power system and the inventor of induction motor.	Galileo Ferraris	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marc Seguin (20 April 1786 -- 24 February 1875) was a French engineer, inventor of the wire-cable suspension bridge and the multi-tubular steam-engine boiler.	Marc Seguin	French
languages spoken or written	Achille Duchêne (1866 -- 1947) was a French garden designer who worked in the grand manner established by André Le Nôtre.	Achille Duchêne	French
languages spoken or written	Diego Masi (Cremona, 11 February 1947) is an Italian entrepreneur and politician, deputy during the XII and XIII legislatures.	Diego Masi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Diego Sánchez de Badajoz (died 1549) was an important Spanish poet and dramatist of the Renaissance.	Diego Sánchez de Badajoz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Filmer (c. 1588 -- 26 May 1653) was an English political theorist who defended the divine right of kings.	Robert Filmer	English
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Cederna (born 25 June 1957) is an Italian actor and author.	Giuseppe Cederna	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ernst Heinrich Karl von Dechen (25 March 1800 -- 15 February 1889) was a German geologist.	Ernst Heinrich Karl von Dechen	German
languages spoken or written	René Poupardin (27 February 1874 -- 23 August 1927) was a French medievalist and paleographer whose most important works were on Burgundy, Provence and the south Italian principalities.	René Poupardin	French
languages spoken or written	Park Solhee (Hangul: 박솔희; born January 5, 1990) is a South Korean writer.	Park Solhee	Korean
languages spoken or written	Bülent İplikçioğlu (born 1952 Afyonkarahisar, Turkey), is Turkish historian, epigrapher and professor of ancient history at the Marmara University in Istanbul.	Bülent İplikçioğlu	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Nuccio Ordine (Italian pronunciation: (ˈnuttʃo ˈordine); born 1958) is an Italian professor, philosopher and one of the world's top experts on Renaissance and the philosopher Giordano Bruno.	Nuccio Ordine	Italian
languages spoken or written	Kazys Bradūnas (February 11, 1917 -- February 9, 2009) was a Lithuanian émigré poet and editor.	Kazys Bradūnas	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Gianni Rodari (23 October 1920 -- 14 April 1980) was an Italian writer and journalist, most famous for his children's books, notably Il romanzo di Cipollino.	Gianni Rodari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Arild Stubhaug (born 25 May 1948) is a Norwegian mathematician, poet and biographer.	Arild Stubhaug	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Orde-Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton PC (30 August 1740 -- 30 July 1807) was an English politician.	Thomas Orde-Powlett, 1st Baron Bolton	English
languages spoken or written	Benjamin Fawcett (December 1808, Bridlington -- January 1893) was one of the finest of English nineteenth century woodblock colour printers.	Benjamin Fawcett	English
languages spoken or written	Cesare Garboli (1928--2004) was an Italian essayist.	Cesare Garboli	Italian
languages spoken or written	William Harrison Ainsworth (4 February 1805 -- 3 January 1882) was an English historical novelist born in Manchester.	William Harrison Ainsworth	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Dandrieu (c. 1682 -- 17 January 1738) was a French Baroque composer, harpsichordist and organist.	Jean-François Dandrieu	French
languages spoken or written	Emmanuel Pontremoli (13 January 1865 -- 25 July 1956) was a French architect and archaeologist.	Emmanuel Pontremoli	French
languages spoken or written	Achille Castiglioni (Italian pronunciation: (aˈkille kastiʎˈʎoni); 16 February 1918 -- 2 December 2002) was an Italian designer of furniture, lighting, radiograms and other objects.	Achille Castiglioni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Óscar Iván Zuluaga Escobar (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈoskaɾ iˈβan suˈlwaɣa es.ko.ˈβaɾ); born 3 February 1959) is a Colombian economist and was the Democratic Center's nominee for President of Colombia in the 2014 election.	Óscar Iván Zuluaga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Pierre Jeunet (French: (ʒɑ̃ pjɛʁ ʒœnɛ); born 3 September 1953) is a French film director and screenwriter known for the films Delicatessen, The City of Lost Children, Alien:	Jean-Pierre Jeunet	French
languages spoken or written	Richard Lydekker (25 July 1849 -- 16 April 1915) was an English naturalist, geologist and writer of numerous books on natural history.	Richard Lydekker	English
languages spoken or written	François-Albert Angers (May 21, 1909 -- July 14, 2003) was an eminent Québécois economist and defender of the cause of Quebec and the French language.	François-Albert Angers	French
languages spoken or written	Wu Junxie (simplified Chinese: 吴钧燮; traditional Chinese: 吳鈞燮; pinyin: Wú Jūnxiè; born 1928) is a Chinese translator.	Wu Junxie	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Abraham Nicolas Amelot de la Houssaye (1634--1706) was a French historian and political critic.	Abraham Nicolas Amelot de la Houssaye	French
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm Junghans (3 May 1834 -- 27 January 1865) was a German historian who was a native of Lüneburg.	Wilhelm Junghans	German
languages spoken or written	Bo Utas, born May 26, 1938 in Höglunda, a village in Jämtland, Sweden, is a Swedish linguist, Iranologist and chess historian.	Bo Utas	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Gottfried August Homilius (2 February 1714 -- 2 June 1785) was a German composer, cantor and organist.	Gottfried August Homilius	German
languages spoken or written	Erich Matthias Rößler (born 14 January 1955) is a German politician, member of the CDU.	Matthias Rößler	German
languages spoken or written	Rafael Andrade Navarrete (February 25, 1856, Ardales -- June 21, 1928) was a Spanish politician and lawyer.	Rafael Andrade Navarrete	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernst Goldenbaum (15 December 1898, Parchim, Mecklenburg-Schwerin -- 13 March 1990) was an East German politician.	Ernst Goldenbaum	German
languages spoken or written	Alonso Carrió de la Vandera (c.1715 in Gijón -- 1783 in Lima) was a Spanish civil servant, writer and traveller, who spent most of his life in the vast Spanish Viceroyalty of Perú, where he was for several years administrator of the Royal Mail.	Alonso Carrió de la Vandera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques-Joseph Leroy d'Etiolles (5 April 1798 in Paris -- 25 August 1860) was a French surgeon who studied and practiced medicine in Paris.	Jean-Jacques-Joseph Leroy d'Etiolles	French
languages spoken or written	Ciriaco del Llano was a Peninsular Spanish General who notably commanded royalist forces during the Mexican War of Independence.	Ciriaco del Llano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Gil (born 15 June 1939 Muecate, Portuguese Mozambique) is a Portuguese philosopher.	José Gil	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Pablo Soto Bravo (born 1979) is a Spanish software developer and councilor for the municipality of Madrid for the Now Madrid party.	Pablo Soto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bastian Sick (German pronunciation: (ˈbastjaːn ˈzik)) (born 17 July 1965) is a German journalist and author.	Bastian Sick	German
languages spoken or written	Giulietta Masina (22 February 1921 -- 23 March 1994) was an Italian film and stage actress.	Giulietta Masina	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hana Sweid (Arabic: حنا سويد‎, Hebrew: חנא סוייד‎; also spelt Hanna Swaid, born 27 March 1955) is an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Hadash from 2006 to 2015.	Hana Sweid	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Moisès Bertran i Ventejo, in Spanish Moisés Bertrán (born Mataró, 1967) is a Catalan composer.	Moisès Bertran	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ennio Porrino (20 January 1910 -- 25 September 1959) was an Italian composer and teacher.	Ennio Porrino	Italian
languages spoken or written	Iosif Efimovich Aleshkovsky (Russian: Ио́сиф Ефи́мович Алешко́вский), known as Yuz Aleshkovsky (Russian: Юз Алешко́вский) (born September 21, 1929), is a modern Russian writer, poet, playwright and performer of his own songs.	Yuz Aleshkovsky	Russian
languages spoken or written	Mariusz Szczygieł (September 5, 1966 Złotoryja, Poland) is a Polish journalist and writer.	Mariusz Szczygieł	Polish
languages spoken or written	Francisco Javier Solana de Madariaga, KOGF (Spanish: (fɾanˈθisko xaˈβjer soˈlana ðe maðaˈɾjaɣa); born 14 July 1942) is a Spanish physicist and Socialist politician.	Javier Solana	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ascanio Trombetti (bapt. 27 November 1544 -- 20/21 September 1590) was an Italian composer.	Ascanio Trombetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hubert Tonka (born 1943) is a French sociologist and urban planner who edited the Utopie magazine, and was one of the leaders of the Utopie movement in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Hubert Tonka	French
languages spoken or written	Marco Vicario (born 20 September 1925) is an Italian film actor, screenwriter, film producer and director.	Marco Vicario	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Garabed Atamian (September 18, 1872 -- July 30, 1947) was an Ottoman-born French painter of Armenian ethnicity.	Charles Garabed Atamian	French
languages spoken or written	Andrea Orlando (born 8 February 1969) is an Italian career politician.	Andrea Orlando	Italian
languages spoken or written	Josep Romaguera (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛp ruməˈɣeɾə)) (1642--1723) is the author of the only emblem book ever published in the Catalan language, the Atheneo de Grandesa.	Josep Romaguera	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Günther Rennert (1 April 1911 -- 31 July 1978) was a German opera director and administrator.	Günther Rennert	German
languages spoken or written	Gerhard T. Buchholz (1 January 1898 -- 30 November 1970) was a German screenwriter, film producer and director.	Gerhard T. Buchholz	German
languages spoken or written	Domingo de Vico was a Spanish Dominican friar during the Spanish conquest of Chiapas and the conquest of Guatemala in the 16th century.	Domingo de Vico	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vincent Dutrait (born 1976) is a French illustrator.	Vincent Dutrait	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Archinard (11 February 1850 -- 8 May 1932) was a French Army general at the time of the Third Republic, who contributed to the colonial conquest of French West Africa.	Louis Archinard	French
languages spoken or written	Sir James John Trevor Lawrence, 2nd Baronet, KCVO (30 December 1831 -- 22 December 1913), known as Sir Trevor Lawrence, was an English horticulturalist, collector and politician.	Trevor Lawrence	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-Raymond Abrial (born 1938) is a French computer scientist and inventor of the Z and B formal methods.	Jean-Raymond Abrial	French
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Clemen (* 29 March 1909 in Bonn, Germany; † 16 March 1990 in Endorf, Bavaria, Germany) was an eminent German literary scholar who helped reestablish English Studies in Germany after World War II. His father, Paul Clemen, was a well-known art historian.	Wolfgang Clemen	German
languages spoken or written	Per Olof Sundman (4 September 1922, Vaxholm -- 9 October 1992, Stockholm) was a Swedish writer and politician.	Per Olof Sundman	Swedish
languages spoken or written	S. J. Surya (born as S. Justin Selvaraj) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, actor, and producer who has worked in the Tamil, Telugu and Hindi film industries.	S. J. Surya	Tamil
languages spoken or written	François Dufour (born 1953) is a French politician and a member of Europe Écologie--	François Dufour	French
languages spoken or written	Barbara Euphan Todd (9 January 1890 -- 2 February 1976) was an English writer most notable for her books for children about a scarecrow called Worzel Gummidge.	Barbara Euphan Todd	English
languages spoken or written	Josef Kohler (March 9, 1849 -- August 3, 1919) was a German jurist, author and poet.	Josef Kohler	German
languages spoken or written	Michael de Larrabeiti (18 August 1934 -- 18 April 2008) was an English novelist and travel writer.	Michael de Larrabeiti	English
languages spoken or written	Peter Ekberg (born 1972) is a Swedish author, teacher and philosopher.	Peter Ekberg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Alfred Nakache (November 18, 1915 in Constantine, French Algeria -- 1983) was a French swimmer and water polo player.	Alfred Nakache	French
languages spoken or written	Nicolas Denisot, also Nicholas Denizot, (1515--1559) was a French Renaissance poet and painter.	Nicolas Denisot	French
languages spoken or written	Ercole Ricotti (12 October 1816 - 24 February 1883) was an Italian politician and historian.	Ercole Ricotti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Luis Tristán de Escamilla, also Luis Rodríguez Tristán (1586--1624) was a Spanish painter.	Luis Tristán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jarosław Wałęsa ((jaˈrɔswaf vaˈwɛ̃sa), born September 13, 1976 in Gdańsk) is a Polish politician.	Jarosław Wałęsa	Polish
languages spoken or written	Sara Montiel (also Sarita Montiel or Saritísima; 10 March 1928 -- 8 April 2013) was a Spanish singer and actress.	Sara Montiel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Samuel Rawson Gardiner (4 March 1829 near Alresford, Hampshire-- 24 February 1902 in Sevenoaks) was an English historian, who specialized in 17th-century English history, and is regarded as the foremost historian of the Puritan revolution and the English Civil War.	Samuel Rawson Gardiner	English
languages spoken or written	Jan Bucquoy (French: (bykwa); born 16 November 1945) is an anarchist and author-filmmaker born in Harelbeke, Belgium who started as a theatre practitioner and who worked as a cartoon-scriptwriter.	Jan Bucquoy	French
licensed to broadcast to	WPEP (1570 AM) was an AM radio station operating on a frequency of 1570 kHz from Taunton, Massachusetts.	WPEP	Taunton
licensed to broadcast to	CKWV-FM (known on-air as ``The Wave'') is a Canadian radio station located in Nanaimo, British Columbia.	CKWV-FM	Nanaimo
licensed to broadcast to	KKAW (107.3 FM) was a radio station licensed to Albin, Wyoming, USA.	KKAW	Albin
licensed to broadcast to	KQJK is a commercial adult hits music radio station in Roseville, California, broadcasting to the Sacramento, California, area on 93.7 FM.	KQJK	Roseville
licensed to broadcast to	WKZQ-FM (96.1 FM, ``96-1 KZQ'') is an Alternative rock radio station licensed to Forestbrook, South Carolina and serves the Grand Strand area.	WKZQ-FM	Forestbrook, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WMAY (970 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a format serving the Springfield, Illinois area.	WMAY	Springfield
licensed to broadcast to	KHUM is a commercial Freeform broadcast radio station licensed to Cutten, California, serving Eureka and Humboldt County in California.	KHUM	Cutten, California
licensed to broadcast to	CJRY-FM is an FM Christian radio station that broadcasts on 105.9 FM from Edmonton, Alberta.	CJRY-FM	Edmonton
licensed to broadcast to	KHVN is an AM urban contemporary gospel radio station that serves the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.	KHVN	Fort Worth
licensed to broadcast to	WGER (106.3 FM, ``Mix 106.3'') is a radio station licensed to Saginaw, Michigan broadcasting an adult top 40 format.	WGER	Saginaw
licensed to broadcast to	WKXI-FM (107.5 FM, ``Kixie 107'') is an Urban Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to Magee, Mississippi and serving Jackson.	WKXI-FM	Magee
licensed to broadcast to	WERM (1480 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Mobile, Alabama.	WERM	Mobile
licensed to broadcast to	WLAV-FM (96.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock music format in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	WLAV-FM	Grand Rapids
licensed to broadcast to	KTGW (91.7 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Fruitland, New Mexico, serving the Farmington, New Mexico Area.	KTGW	Fruitland, New Mexico
licensed to broadcast to	WFQY (970 AM, ``BDay 99.1''), is a classic hip hop radio station in Brandon, Mississippi, serving the Jackson, Mississippi area.	WFQY	Brandon
licensed to broadcast to	WWHI (91.3 FM) is a non-commercial radio station operated by students of Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana.	WWHI	Muncie
licensed to broadcast to	KWAV is a commercial radio station in Monterey, California, broadcasting to the Santa Cruz-Monterey-Salinas, California, area on 96.9 FM.	KWAV	Monterey
licensed to broadcast to	WXEX-FM (92.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Sanford, Maine, USA, the station serves the Seacoast New Hampshire/Southern Maine area.	WXEX-FM	Sanford
licensed to broadcast to	WFRF-FM (105.7 FM, ``Faith Radio'') is an American non-commercial educational radio station city of Monticello, Florida, USA.	WFRF-FM	Monticello
licensed to broadcast to	KPOJ (620 AM) is a radio station serving the Portland metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Oregon and neighboring Washington.	KPOJ	Portland
licensed to broadcast to	WCOL-FM (92.3 FM) is a country music radio station in Columbus, Ohio owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	WCOL-FM	Columbus
licensed to broadcast to	CHNC-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in New Carlisle, Quebec, Canada.	CHNC-FM	New Carlisle
licensed to broadcast to	WWFF-FM is an American radio station licensed to New Market, Alabama, and serving the Huntsville, Alabama, market.	WWFF-FM	New Market, Alabama
licensed to broadcast to	WNNJ is a Class B1 FM radio station licensed to Newton, New Jersey broadcasting on 103.7 FM.	WNNJ	Newton, New Jersey
licensed to broadcast to	KPOV-FM (88.9 FM) is an American non-commercial educational radio station in Bend, Oregon, broadcasting at 800 watts on 88.9 MHz. KPOV-FM airs a variety of syndicated news and talk programming such as Democracy Now and Free Speech Radio News along with some locally originated programming.	KPOV-FM	Bend
licensed to broadcast to	KCBF is a commercial radio station airing sports programming in Fairbanks, Alaska, broadcasting on 820 AM.	KCBF	Fairbanks
licensed to broadcast to	KXXZ is a commercial Branded as El Portal or The Gateway in English radio station located in Barstow, California, broadcasting on 95.9 FM.	KXXZ	Barstow
licensed to broadcast to	WWWX (96.9 FM, ``96.9 The Fox'') is an Alternative formatted radio station licensed to Oshkosh, Wisconsin, that serves the Appleton-Oshkosh area.	WWWX	Oshkosh
licensed to broadcast to	WOAM (AM 1350) is a Peoria, Illinois radio station that broadcasts an Adult Standards/MOR format.	WOAM	Peoria
licensed to broadcast to	CFZZ-FM is a French language Canadian radio station located in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec.	CFZZ-FM	Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu
licensed to broadcast to	WKJG (1380 AM; ``ESPN Radio 1380'') is a radio station located in Fort Wayne, Indiana.	WKJG	Fort Wayne
licensed to broadcast to	WTAK-FM (106.1 FM, ``Classic Rock 106.1 TAK'') is a classic rock formatted radio station licensed to Hartselle, Alabama, and owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	WTAK-FM	Hartselle
licensed to broadcast to	CJXK-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting on 95.3 FM in Cold Lake, Alberta.	CJXK-FM	Cold Lake
licensed to broadcast to	WPCL is a religious-formatted radio station located in Northern Cambria, Pennsylvania, United States.	WPCL	Northern Cambria
licensed to broadcast to	WXNR is a commercial radio station in Grifton, North Carolina, broadcasting to the Greenville-New Bern-Jacksonville, North Carolina area on 99.5 FM.	WXNR	Grifton, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	CKDQ is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music format at 910 AM in Drumheller, Alberta branded as Q91.	CKDQ	Drumheller
licensed to broadcast to	CBL-FM is the flagship station of the CBC Radio 2 network, based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	CBL-FM	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mather Mine disaster refers to the events surrounding an explosion that occurred in the Mather Mine on May 19, 1928 at 4:07 PM in Mather, Pennsylvania.	Mather Mine disaster	Mather, Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konarreshki (Persian: كناررشكي‎, also Romanized as Konārreshkī) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konarreshki	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lab-e Rud (Persian: لب رود‎, also Romanized as Lab-e Rūd) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lab-e Rud	Dasht-e Lali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Regab (Persian: رگاب‎, also Romanized as Regāb; also known as Gāb and Rīgāu) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Regab	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deykudarkhalk (Persian: ديكودارخلك‎, also Romanized as Deyḵūdārkhalḵ) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deykudarkhalk	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teackle Mansion is a historic U.S. mansion located at 11736 Mansion Street, Princess Anne, Maryland, United States.	Teackle Mansion	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majid Abdollah (Persian: مجيدعبداله‎, also Romanized as Majīd ``Abdollāh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 206, in 31 families.	Majid Abdollah	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Rincon del Diablo was a 12,653-acre (51.20 km2) Mexican land grant in present day San Diego County, California given in 1843 to Juan Bautista Alvarado.	Rancho Rincon del Diablo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardabeh Rural District (Persian: سردابه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sardabeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia City High School is a community high school located in Columbia City, Indiana.	Columbia City High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinmount House is a 19th-century country house in the parish of Cummertrees within Dumfries and Galloway, south Scotland.	Kinmount House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McTavish reservoir, named for Simon McTavish, is an underground reservoir and park located within McGill University's campus on the southern slope of Mount Royal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	McTavish reservoir	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blidö is an island in the Stockholm archipelago and a part of the Norrtälje Municipality.	Blidö	Norrtälje Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hermit Intercessors of the Lamb was a Roman Catholic Association of priests, brothers, nuns, and lay people, based in Nebraska, United States.	Intercessors of the Lamb	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varkureh (Persian: وركوره‎, also Romanized as Varkūreh; also known as Varkūrā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Varkureh	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert M. and Matilda (Kitch) Grindley House was a private residence located at 123 Parsons Street in Detroit, Michigan.	Robert M. and Matilda (Kitch) Grindley House	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Revere House (1847-1912) was an upscale hotel in 19th-century Boston, Massachusetts, located on Bowdoin Square in the West End.	Revere House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowlat Rud Bar (Persian: دولت رودبار‎, also Romanized as Dowlat Rūd Bār) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dowlat Rud Bar	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYKY is an FM radio station serving the St. Louis, Missouri radio market.	KYKY	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leontynów (lɛɔnˈtɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Leontynów	Gmina Młodzieszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perry County Municipal Airport (ICAO: KTEL, FAA LID: TEL) is seven miles northeast of Tell City, in Perry County, Indiana.	Perry County Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pańska Łaska (ˈpaɲska ˈwaska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pańska Łaska	Gmina Trzcianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangelanlu Rural District (Persian: دهستان زنگلانلو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Lotfabad District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zangelanlu Rural District	Lotfabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakeridge Health Oshawa, formerly Oshawa General Hospital, is a hospital located in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.	Lakeridge Health Oshawa	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guźnia (ˈɡuʑɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Guźnia	Gmina Łowicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Kosianka (ˈstara kɔˈɕaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stara Kosianka	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	101 California Street is a 48-story office skyscraper completed in 1982 in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.	101 California Street	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godziszewo-Wybudowanie (ɡɔd͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Godziszewo-Wybudowanie	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The closest villages to Pedraforca are Gósol to the west and Saldes to the east.	Pedraforca	Saldes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hardy Inlet is an inlet that is located in the South West region of Western Australia.	Hardy Inlet	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panj Angosht (Persian: پنج انگشت‎) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Panj Angosht	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čair Sports Center (Serbian: Спортски центар Чаир / Sportski centar Čair), known locally as Čair Hall (Serbian: Хала Чаир / Hala Čair) is an indoor sporting arena located in Niš, Serbia.	Čair Sports Center	Niš
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostad Kolayeh (Persian: استادكلايه‎, also Romanized as Ostād Kolāyeh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ostad Kolayeh	Amlash-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tow Kalleh (Persian: توكله‎) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tow Kalleh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Moody Plaza is a 23 floor skyscraper at 1902 Market Street in Downtown Galveston, Texas, United States.	One Moody Plaza	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dosłońce (dɔˈswɔɲt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Racławice, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dosłońce	Gmina Racławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valancia is a planned urban gated community located in south western part of Lahore, Pakistan, adjacent to Wapda Town and Johar Town.	Valancia	Lahore
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murray Premises is a National Historic Site of Canada located in downtown St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.	Murray Premises	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellington Dam Hydro Power Station is a hydroelectric power station near Collie, Western Australia.	Wellington Dam Hydro Power Station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tleń (tlɛɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Tleń	Gmina Osie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lavic Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field with extinct cinder cones in the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Lavic Lake volcanic field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emma Sansom High School (opened 1929 - closed 2006) was a high school located in Gadsden, Alabama.	Emma Sansom High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blodgett Canyon is located in southwestern Montana in the northwestern United States.	Blodgett Canyon	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasland is a suburb in the south-east of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England.	Hasland	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odalengo Grande (Audalengh Grand in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Turin and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Alessandria.	Odalengo Grande	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oro Valley Country Club is a private country club in Oro Valley, Arizona, a suburb located 6 miles (9.7 km) north of Tucson.	Oro Valley Country Club	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muxklippe is located in the Harz mountains in Germany, southeast of Bad Harzburg, above the Ecker valley on the Kaiser Way footpath, a few hundred metres away from the border between Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt.	Muxklippe	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Laschadurella is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps, located east of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Laschadurella	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kannur Cantonment (or Cannanore Cantonment the old English name), situated in Burnassery or Burnshire(the anglicized name) is a cantonment town in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala, between Kannur town and Kannur City.	Kannur Cantonment	Kannur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackhawk Park & Ride is a transit facility located in the southern community of Eagan, Minnesota.	Blackhawk Park & Ride	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Redmond Reservoir is a reservoir on the Neosho River in eastern Kansas.	John Redmond Reservoir	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hope Mills Dam, also known as Hope Mills Dam #1, is a failed concrete gravity dam on Little Rockfish Creek in Hope Mills, North Carolina, USA, which created Hope Mills Lake.	Hope Mills Dam	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doris Lake is a natural body of water in the Three Sisters Wilderness of the central Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Doris Lake	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lago del Zött is a reservoir in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland, with a surface area of 0.13 km².	Lago del Zött	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woolsey Ranchhouse Ruins, located north of Humboldt, Arizona off State Route 69, is a historic site with significance dating to 1863.	Woolsey Ranchhouse Ruins	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saline County Regional Airport (ICAO: KSUZ, FAA LID: SUZ) is a county owned, publicuse airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) east of the central business district of Benton, a city in Saline County, Arkansas, United States.	Saline County Regional Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Catlow Theater is a historic single-screen movie theater located downtown Barrington, Illinois, United States.	Catlow Theater	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	the jurisdiction of Shou County was transfer from Lu'an to Huainan.	Shou County	Lu'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnley railway station is located on the Lilydale, Belgrave, Alamein and Glen Waverley lines in Victoria, Australia.	Burnley railway station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kupreanof Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska.	Kupreanof Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamitos Bay is an inlet on the Pacific Ocean coast of southern California, United States, between the cities of Long Beach and Seal Beach, at the outlet of the San Gabriel River.	Alamitos Bay	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borj-e Mohammadan (Persian: برج محمدان‎, also Romanized as Borj-e Moḩammadān; also known as Borj-e Moḩammad, Borj, Borj Mohammad, and Burj) is a village in Afin Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Borj-e Mohammadan	Afin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Giri (Persian: دره گر‎, also Romanized as Darreh Gīrī and Darreh Garreh) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Giri	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jehaq (Persian: جهق‎; also known as Jehaq-e Pā’īn and Jehaq Pā’īn) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jehaq	Khorram Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fraquelfing (German: Frackelfingen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Fraquelfing	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kraszewo-Rory (kraˈʂɛvɔ ˈrɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kraszewo-Rory	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Currow (Irish: An Currach / Corra, meaning ``The Marsh'') is a rural village in County Kerry in south west Ireland, located approximately 12 km from Killarney and 18 km from Tralee.	Currow	County Kerry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liechtensteinklamm (Liechtenstein Gorge) is a particularly narrow gorge with walls up to 300m high, located in the Austrian Alps 50 km south of Salzburg.	Liechtensteinklamm	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świesz (ɕfjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Świesz	Gmina Bytoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hadeth south or Hadeth Beirut is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site approximately 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south southeast of Beirut, on the road to Sidon in Lebanon.	Hadeth south	Beirut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiosa, or Tivsa, is a town and a municipal council and tehsil in Amravati district in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Tiosa	Amravati district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoskins Airport is an airport in Hoskins (on the island of New Britain) in Papua New Guinea.	Hoskins Airport	New Britain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chodków Stary (ˈxɔtkuf ˈstarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Chodków Stary	Gmina Łoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szulborze-Kozy (ʂulˈbɔʐɛ ˈkɔzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szulborze-Kozy	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oudenbosch is a village in the municipality Halderberge in the west of the Dutch province North Brabant.	Oudenbosch	Halderberge
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoyt-Shedd Estate is a historic residential estate at 386-396 Andover Street and 569-579 East Merrimack Street in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Hoyt-Shedd Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Khun-e Faleh (Persian: دره خون فالح‎, also Romanized as Darreh Khūn-e Fāleḩ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Khun-e Faleh	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khryplyn (Ukrainian: Хриплин) is the smallest village of the Ivano-Frankivsk municipality located in the Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine.	Khryplyn	Ivano-Frankivsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ługowina (wuɡɔˈvina) (German: Lowin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Resko, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ługowina	Gmina Resko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sroki (ˈsrɔki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sroki	Gmina Kobylin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rouvreux (in Walloon Rovreu) is a village in the Walloon municipality of Sprimont in the province of Liège, Belgium.	Rouvreux	Sprimont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florence Christian School is a Baptist private school located in Florence, South Carolina, USA.	Florence Christian School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The island constitutes a department within Diana Region and is organized as the City of Nosy Be (Commune urbaine).	Nosy Be	Diana Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niewiesz-Kolonia (ˈɲɛvjɛʂ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niewiesz-Kolonia	Gmina Poddębice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelchelak (Persian: چل چلك‎) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chelchelak	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKinney Stables of Empire City Farms is a historic stable building located at Cuba in Allegany County, New York.	McKinney Stables of Empire City Farms	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenardington is a small clustered village and the centre of a relatively small rural civil parish of the same name, in the Ashford District of Kent, England.	Kenardington	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEMU (89.1 WEMU) is the public broadcasting service of Eastern Michigan University.	WEMU	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Nakawa Division, Kigoowa is bordered by Kulambiro to the north, Kiwaatule to the east, Ntinda to the south, Naguru and Bukoto to the southwest and Kyebando to the west.	Kigoowa	Nakawa Division
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum (colloquially The Broad, not to be confused with The Broad in Los Angeles), is a contemporary art museum at Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan.	Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dog Team Tavern was a restaurant that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and was located on Dog Team Road, off U.S. Route 7, roughly four miles north of the town of Middlebury, Vermont in Addison County.	Dog Team Tavern	Middlebury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune (/ləˈdʒɜːrn/ lə-JURN) is a 246-square-mile (640 km2) United States military training facility in Jacksonville, North Carolina.	Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vyalikaval is a Locality in Bangalore City.	Vyalikaval	Bangalore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that forms the local government of the East Rand region of Gauteng, South Africa.	Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality	Gauteng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Many Farms High School (MFHS) is located in the heart of the Navajo reservation in Many Farms, Arizona and 15 miles northeast of Canyon De Chelly National Monument.	Many Farms High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berry Brothers Bolt Works is a former factory in Columbus, Ohio, United States.	Berry Brothers Bolt Works	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sapjuri is a small village situated five kilometres away from Bokakhat, Assam and the NH 37 running through its heart.	Sapjuri	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russian River Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area (AVA) in Sonoma County, California.	Russian River Valley AVA	Sonoma County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centaurus High School (CHS) is a secondary school located in Lafayette, Colorado, and part of the Boulder Valley School District.	Centaurus High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarqasin (Persian: قرقسين‎, also Romanized as Qarqasīn) is a village in Ak Rural District, Esfarvarin District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qarqasin	Ak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosli is a village and sub-district (or ``tehsil'') in the Rewari district of Haryana in India.	Kosli	Rewari district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stansty is a ward in Wrexham County Borough in Wales, lying to the immediate north-west of the town of Wrexham.	Stansty	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irondequoit High School (IHS) is a public high school in the town of Irondequoit, New York, a major suburb of Rochester, New York.	Irondequoit High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institute for Simulation and Training (IST) is a research institute of the University of Central Florida located in Orlando, Florida, USA.	Institute for Simulation and Training	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District (2006 population 30,664) of British Columbia is located on west central Vancouver Island.	Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sujin Subdistrict (Chinese: 苏锦街道) is a township-level division of Gusu District, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.	Sujin Subdistrict	Gusu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lava Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington.	Lava Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais Lanckoroński was a palace in Vienna, Austria, located at Jacquingasse 16-18, in the Landstraße District.	Palais Lanckoroński	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maksatikha (Russian: Максатиха) is an urban-type settlement and the administrative center of Maksatikhinsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia, with a population of 8,744 (2010 Census); 9,753 (2002 Census); 10,217 (1989 Census).	Maksatikha	Maksatikhinsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jubbega (West Frisian: Jobbegea) is a small village in the municipality of Heerenveen in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Jubbega	Heerenveen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queens County Farm Museum is located on 47 acres (190,000 m2) of the New York City neighborhoods of Floral Park and Glen Oaks in Queens.	Queens County Farm Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeyt-e Sofla (Persian: زيت سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zeyt-e Soflá; also known as Pā’īn Zeyd and Zeyt-e Pā’īn) is a village in Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District, in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zeyt-e Sofla	Miandorud-e Bozorg Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogaung Township (Burmese: မိုးကောင်းမြို့နယ်) is a township of Mohnyin District in the Kachin State of Burma (Myanmar).	Mogaung Township	Mohnyin District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marazion (Cornish: Marhasyow) is a civil parish and town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Marazion	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahgarh is a town and a tahsil in Sagar district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Shahgarh	Sagar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Causapscal (/koʊˈzɑːpskæl/) is a city in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in La Matapédia Regional County Municipality.	Causapscal	La Matapédia Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively, Hammarby Sjöstad is a part of the Stockholm Municipality borough of Södermalm.	Hammarby Sjöstad	Stockholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twindly Bridge Charter School (TBCS) is a charter school located in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough School District in Wasilla, Alaska.	Twindly Bridge Charter School	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hilbert College is a private Franciscan college located in the Town of Hamburg, about 20 minutes south of Buffalo, New York within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo.	Hilbert College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalamazoo/Battle Creek International Airport (IATA: AZO, ICAO: KAZO, FAA LID: AZO) is a county-owned public airport 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Kalamazoo, in Kalamazoo County, Michigan.	Kalamazoo/Battle Creek International Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thorpe Ford Covered Bridge is northeast of Rosedale, Indiana.	Thorpe Ford Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tjalhuizum (West Frisian: Tsjalhuzum) is a small village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 30 citizens (2004).	Tjalhuizum	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mengenlehreuhr (German for ``Set Theory Clock'') or Berlin-Uhr (``Berlin Clock'') is the first public clock in the world that tells the time by means of illuminated, coloured fields, for which it entered the Guinness Book of Records upon its installation on 17 June 1975.	Mengenlehreuhr	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Woodroffe is South Australia's highest peak, at 1,435 metres.	Mount Woodroffe	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mystery Castle is located in the city of Phoenix, Arizona, in the foothills of South Mountain Park.	Mystery Castle	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghcheh Qaleh (Persian: اغچه قلعه‎, also Romanized as Āghcheh Qal``eh) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 903, in 224 families.	Aghcheh Qaleh	Bakeshluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oviglio (Ovij in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Turin and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Alessandria.	Oviglio	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites is a historic state park located at 29.888° -96.876°, just off U.S. Route 77, south of La Grange, Texas.	Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYXL (97.3 MHz, ``Lite Rock 97.3'') is a radio station in Ithaca, New York that programs an adult contemporary format.	WYXL	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Salem Town Hall is a historic town hall located at Salem Center, Westchester County, New York.	North Salem Town Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lilancheng (simplified Chinese: 里澜城; traditional Chinese: 里瀾城; pinyin: Lǐlánchéng) is a town of Yongqing County in central Hebei province, China, located 23 kilometres (14 mi) southeast of the county seat.	Lilancheng	Yongqing County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilmington Academy of Arts and Sciences (WAAS) is a private school in Wilmington, North Carolina that focuses on education for academically gifted students in grades 4-8.	Wilmington Academy of Arts and Sciences	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamnøy was previously connected to Reine by ferry, but this was replaced by bridges on the European route E10 highway as part of the Lofoten Mainland Connection.	Hamnøy	Lofoten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tacoma Community College is a community college located in Tacoma, Washington, with satellite operations in Gig Harbor and the Bridge Program in partnership with the Evergreen State College - Tacoma location in the 6th Avenue district.	Tacoma Community College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langelille (West Frisian: De Langelille) is a village in Weststellingwerf in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Langelille	Weststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rissen belongs to the Altona borough.	Rissen	Altona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorohucza (dɔrɔˈxut͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dorohucza	Gmina Trawniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District (Persian: دهستان دشت ارژن‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District	Arzhan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Dream Meadowlands (ADM) is a retail and entertainment complex located in the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey.	American Dream Meadowlands	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Island Station Power Plant was a coal power plant on the Mississippi River less than a mile up-river from downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Island Station Power Plant	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinhua County (simplified Chinese: 新化县; traditional Chinese: 新化縣; pinyin: Xīnhuà Xiàn) is under the administration of Loudi, Hunan province, China, located along the middle reaches of the Zi River.	Xinhua County	Loudi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Meadowbank Gold Mine is an open pit gold mine operated by Agnico-Eagle Mines in the Kivalliq district of Nunavut, Canada.	Meadowbank Gold Mine	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahi Dasht (Persian: ماهي دشت‎, also Romanized as Māhī Dasht) is a village in Fahraj Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahi Dasht	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saurikh is a nagar panchayat in Kannauj district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Saurikh	Kannauj district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarah Amanda Trott McKinney House is a historic house site and 10.1-acre (4.1 ha) historic district in Sixmile, Bibb County, Alabama.	Sarah Amanda Trott McKinney House	Bibb County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Livermore Municipal Airport (IATA: LVK, ICAO: KLVK) is in Livermore, California, USA, east of San Francisco Bay.	Livermore Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frontier School of the Bible is a small Bible Institute located in La Grange, Wyoming, United States.	Frontier School of the Bible	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tellippalai or Thellippalai (Tamil: தெல்லிப்பழை Tellippaḻai) is a small town in the northern Jaffna District of Sri Lanka.	Tellippalai	Jaffna District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Sharifi (Persian: قلعه شريفي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Sharīfī) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Qaleh Sharifi	Kahrizak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devibhoaire, (also spelled as Devi Bhoyre) is a village in Parner taluka in Ahmednagar district of state of Maharashtra, India.	Devibhoaire	Ahmednagar district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jozvenaq (Persian: جزونق‎, also Romanized as Jazvanaq, Jazoonaq, Jazvanq; also known as Chaftan, Jaftān, and Jozvenū) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Jozvenaq	Dast Jerdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wódki (ˈvutki) (German: Löwental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wódki	Gmina Września
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soluk Bon-e Sofla (Persian: سلوكبن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Solūk Bon-e Soflá; also known as Solūkbon and Solūk Bon-e Pā’īn) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Soluk Bon-e Sofla	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Humboldt Range is a short mountain range in the western Great Basin in northwestern Nevada in the United States.	West Humboldt Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowlingly, also known as Neale's Residence and The Ferry House, is a historic home located at Queenstown, Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States.	Bowlingly	Queen Anne's County	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nièvre is part of the current region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, although historically it was not part of the province of Burgundy.	Nièvre	Burgundy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norton Fitzwarren is a village, electoral ward, and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 2 miles (3.2 km) north west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Norton Fitzwarren	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hezehburan (Persian: هزه بوران‎, also Romanized as Hezehbūrān; also known as Hezārbarān and Hezehberān) is a village in Sard-e Sahra Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hezehburan	Sard-e Sahra Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kempendyay (Russian: Кемпендяй) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of two settlements, in addition to Chayygda, in Kempendyaysky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Kempendyay	Suntarsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta della Dogana is an art museum in Venice's old customs building, the Dogana da Mar. It also refers to the triangular area of Venice where the Grand Canal meets the Giudecca Canal, and its collection of buildings:	Punta della Dogana	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trebišov District (Slovak: okres Trebišov, Hungarian: Tőketerebesi járás) is a district in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Trebišov District	Košice Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weston Field Athletic Complex is a Williams College facility and home of the Williams Ephs football team in Williamstown, Massachusetts.	Weston Field Athletic Complex	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arvan (Persian: اروان‎, also Romanized as Arvān) is a village in Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Arvan	Kharaqan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warnik (ˈvarnik) (German: Warningshof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Warnik	Gmina Kołbaskowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	When Florence in 1250 organized its possessions, creating the autonomous jurisdictions of the ``Leghe'', Volpaia was placed within the district of the Lega del Chianti among the people of the ``Terzo'' of Radda in Chianti.	Volpaia	Radda in Chianti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutan-e Olya (Persian: كوتان عليا‎, also Romanized as Kūtān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Ansar Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 441, in 70 families.	Kutan-e Olya	Ansar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truszków (ˈtruʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Truszków	Gmina Opole Lubelskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangar is a former civil parish in Denbighshire in Wales, 1 mile (1.6 km) south west of Corwen, its post town, and 10 miles (16 km) north east of Bala.	Llangar	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burbiszki (burˈbiʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Burbiszki	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murghob District or Nohiya-i Murghob (Tajik: Ноҳияи Мурғоб / Persian: ناحیۀ مرغاب‎‎) is a district in Tajikistan, occupying the eastern two-thirds of the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province (GBAO).	Murghob District	Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lauerz is a village and municipality in the Schwyz District of the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.	Lauerz	Schwyz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldsmith Channel is a waterway in the Canadian territory of Nunavut connecting Parry Channel and M'Clintock Channel.	Goldsmith Channel	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kangerlussuaq Icefjord (old spelling: Kangerdlugssuaq, Danish: Giesecke Isfjord) is a fjord in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Kangerlussuaq Icefjord	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yamchi-ye Sofla (Persian: يامچي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Yāmchī-ye Soflá; also known as Yāmchī and Yāmchī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Yamchi-ye Sofla	Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capt. John Thorndike House is a historic First Period house at 184 Hale Street in Beverly, Massachusetts.	Capt. John Thorndike House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Aircraft Restoration Museum, located at Creve Coeur Airport in Maryland Heights, Missouri, USA is a museum dedicated to restoring and preserving historical aircraft.	Historic Aircraft Restoration Museum	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jannat Shahr (Persian: جنت شهر‎, also known as Kūshk-e Jannat and Jannat) is a city in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jannat Shahr	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Park Towers are a pair of apartment buildings in Southfield, Michigan.	North Park Towers	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karchak-e Larijani (Persian: كرچك لاريجاني‎, also Romanized as Karchak-e Lārījānī; also known as Karchak) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Karchak-e Larijani	Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakleigh Park Rail Cutting is an 8 hectare Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Oakleigh Park in the London Borough of Barnet.	Oakleigh Park Rail Cutting	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keōua Hale was the mansion of Princess Ruth Keʻelikōlani at 1302 Queen Emma Street in downtown Honolulu, Hawaii.	Keōua Hale	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shasib Kola (Persian: شاسيبكلا‎, also Romanized as Shāsīb Kolā; also known as Shāseb Kolā and Shāyeb Kolā) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shasib Kola	Esbu Kola Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSAE (106.9 FM) is a non-commercial radio station located in Spring Arbor, Michigan.	WSAE	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raleigh and Gaston / Seaboard Coast Line Building is an historic building in Raleigh, North Carolina, that was once home to the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad and subsequently the Raleigh office of the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad.	Raleigh and Gaston / Seaboard Coast Line Building	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nottoway River is in southern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina.	Nottoway River	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pencoedtre or Pencoetre, also known as Pencoedtre Village, is a northeastern suburb of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales.	Pencoedtre	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kureh Darreh-ye Sofla (Persian: كوره دره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Darreh-ye Soflá; also kown as Kūreh Darreh-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kureh Darreh-ye Sofla	Zhavehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOKY (AM920 ``The Big 920'') is a Milwaukee, Wisconsin, radio station The station is owned and operated by iHeartMedia, Inc. and currently broadcasts a sports talk format.	WOKY	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liddel Castle is a ruined castle in Liddesdale, by the Liddel Water, near Castleton in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the former county of Roxburghshire.	Liddel Castle	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louisville Museum Plaza was a 62-story skyscraper that was planned for Louisville, Kentucky, United States.	Louisville Museum Plaza	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Ja (Persian: دره جا‎, also Romanized as Darreh Jā; also known asDarjā) is a village in Mahan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darreh Ja	Mahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The JW Marriott Essex House, opened in 1931 and commonly known as the Essex House, is a 44-story luxury hotel with 509 Art Deco style rooms, located at 160 Central Park South in Manhattan, across the street from the southern border of Central Park.	JW Marriott Essex House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udarj (Persian: اودرج‎, also Romanized as Ūdarj; also known as Odarej and Owdarj) is a village in Darreh Doran Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Udarj	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goszów (ˈɡɔʂuf) (German: Gompersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Goszów	Gmina Stronie Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buccaneers Athletic Club is a youth sports non profit organization located in Pasadena, Maryland.	Buccaneers Athletic Club	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward R. Ladd Arboretum is an arboretum located at 2024 McCormick Boulevard, Evanston, Illinois, occupying 23 acres (93,000 m²) in a narrow three-quarter mile (1.2 km) stretch between McCormick Boulevard and the North Shore Channel on land leased from the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of Greater Chicago.	Ladd Arboretum	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soultzmatt (German: Sulzmatt) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Soultzmatt	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahuiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كهوييه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kahū’īyeh-e Soflá; also known as Kahū’īyeh and Kahū’īyeh-ye Pa’īn) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahuiyeh-ye Sofla	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rincon Center is a complex of shops, restaurants, offices, and apartments in 'South of Market' in Downtown San Francisco, California.	Rincon Center	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gizmel-e Sofla (Persian: گيزمل سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gīzmel-e Soflá and Gīzmal Sofla; also known as Gezmel-e Soflá, Gīzmel-e Pā’īn, and Kīzmel-e Soflá) is a village in Saral Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gizmel-e Sofla	Saral Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sommerbergbahn is a funicular railway in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Sommerbergbahn	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rijswijk (ˈrɛisʋɛik) (formerly known as Ryswick in English) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Rijswijk	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmkhan District (Persian: بخش گرمخان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Garmkhan District	North Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eaton Ford is a district of St Neots and is in Cambridgeshire, England.	Eaton Ford	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehmennatali (Persian: ده منتعلي‎, also Romanized as Dehmennatʿalī) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dehmennatali	Zirtang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karq Rig (Persian: كرق ريگ‎, also Romanized as Karq Rīg) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karq Rig	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackwood River is a major river and catchment in the South West of Western Australia.	Blackwood River	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangerhütte (German pronunciation: (taŋɐˈhʏtə)) is a town in the district of Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Tangerhütte	Stendal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Learning Center for the Deaf (TLC) is a school for deaf and hard-of-hearing children located in Framingham, Massachusetts.	The Learning Center for the Deaf	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanteglos-by-Fowey (Old Cornish: Nant Eglos, meaning church valley) is a coastal civil parish in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Lanteglos-by-Fowey	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenner Collegiate Vocational Institute (Kenner CVI) is the oldest operating high school in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.	Kenner Collegiate Vocational Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pivand Farms (Persian: مرغدارئ پيوند‎ -- Marghdāri Pīvand) is a village in Narjeh Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Pivand Farms	Narjeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine is the medical school of the University of Iowa, located in Iowa City, in the U.S. state of Iowa.	Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonalnagar is a small village in Lakhpat taluka of Kutch District in the Indian state Gujarat.	Sonalnagar	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choromany-Witnice (xɔrɔˈmanɨ vitˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Choromany-Witnice	Gmina Czerwin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tungatinah Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.	Tungatinah Power Station	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stojanowice (stɔjanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bejsce, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stojanowice	Gmina Bejsce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang-e Deraz (Persian: سنگدراز‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Derāz) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Sang-e Deraz	Zardeyn Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gel-e Espid (Persian: گلاسپيد‎, also Romanized as Gel-e Espīd; also known as Gelā Sefīd) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gel-e Espid	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airport Road Subdistrict (simplified Chinese: 机场路街道; traditional Chinese: 機場路街道; pinyin: Jīchǎng Lù Jiēdào) is a subdistrict of Lubei District, Tangshan, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Airport Road Subdistrict	Lubei District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portland International Jetport (IATA: PWM, ICAO: KPWM, FAA LID: PWM) is a public airport two miles (3 km) west of downtown Portland, in Cumberland County, Maine.	Portland International Jetport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Furka Pass, with an elevation of 2,429 metres (7,969 ft), is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps connecting Gletsch, Valais with Realp, Uri.	Furka Pass	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dam Tang-e Landeh (Persian: دم تنگ لنده‎) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dam Tang-e Landeh	Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tysfjord (Norwegian) or Divtasvuodna (Lule Sami) is a municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Tysfjord	Nordland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hutchinson County Airport (IATA: BGD, ICAO: KBGD, FAA LID: BGD) is a county-owned airport two miles north of Borger, Texas.	Hutchinson County Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limża (ˈlimʐa) (German Limbsee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kisielice, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Limża	Gmina Kisielice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cinnamon Bay Plantation is an approximately 300-acre (1.2 km2) property situated on the north central coast of Saint John in the United States Virgin Islands adjacent to Cinnamon Bay.	Cinnamon Bay Plantation	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gravesend West Line was a short railway line in Kent that branched off the Swanley to Chatham line at Fawkham Junction and continued for a distance of 5 miles (8 km) to Gravesend where the railway company constructed a pier to connect trains with steamers.	Gravesend West Line	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Ghafari (Persian: چاه غفاري‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Ghafārī) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Ghafari	Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunwell is a parish (population 1024) situated in the county of Norfolk, England, approximately 7 miles south-east of Attleborough.	Bunwell	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marngoneet Correctional Centre is a 394-bed medium security Australian prison in Lara, Victoria, Australia, located adjacent to maximum security HM Prison Barwon.	Marngoneet Correctional Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frank C. Barnes House, also known as the Barnes Mansion, is a house located in northeast Portland, Oregon, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Frank C. Barnes House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johns Hopkins University Baltimore International College Loyola University Maryland Maryland Institute College of Art St. Mary's Seminary and University Notre Dame of Maryland University The Peabody Institute of Johns Hopkins University Sojourner--	Baltimore	Maryland Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roos is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Roos	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varazdeh-e Sofla (Persian: ورازده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Varāzdeh-e Soflá; also known as Varāzdeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Varazdeh-e Sofla	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cameley is a village and civil parish within the Chew Valley in Somerset in the Bath and North East Somerset Council area just off the A37 road.	Cameley	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Güímar (Spanish pronunciation: (gwiˈmaɾ)) is the name of a municipality, town, and valley in the eastern part of the Spanish island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, and part of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (province).	Güímar	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zorra is a township in Oxford County, situated in south-western Ontario, Canada.	Zorra	Oxford County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flemingston (also Lanmihangel y Twyn, or Treffelemin, or Michaelston Le Mont, or Flimstone) is a small village in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales.	Flemingston	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smarzewo (smaˈʐɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smarzewo	Gmina Smętowo Graniczne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahyaz (Persian: كهياز‎, also Romanized as Kahyāz; also known as Mahyāz, Qahyāz, and Qehyāz) is a village in Sofla Rural District, Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kahyaz	Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cory's Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River that has its source in Warren County, New Jersey and forms the boundary of Union County, New Jersey.	Cory's Brook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russell represents the Argyll and Bute Scottish Parliament Constituency which includes Glendaruel.	Glendaruel	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxford College of Arts, Business and Technology is a registered private career college licensed by the Ontario Ministry of Training, Colleges and Universities, located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Oxford College of Arts, Business and Technology	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paqalat (Persian: پاقلات‎, also Romanized as Pāqalāt and Pā Qalāt; also known as Bā Qalāt, Bāqlāt, Pā Ghalāt, Paghelat, Pa Kalāt, Pā Oalāt, and Pa yi Kalāt) is a village in Kal Rural District, Eshkanan District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Paqalat	Kal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitman National Forest was established in Oregon on July 1, 1908 with 1,234,020 acres (4,993.9 km2) from part of Blue Mountains National Forest.	Whitman National Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tim Thering Octagon Barn built in 1907 is an historic octagonal barn built by Edgar Carpenter located north of Plain, Wisconsin.	Tim Thering Octagon Barn	Plain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keshabad-e Sofla (Persian: كش ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Keshābād-e Soflá; also known as Keshābād) is a village in Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Keshabad-e Sofla	Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guni Kandi (Persian: گوني كندي‎, also Romanized as Gūnī Kandī and Gūney Kandī) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Guni Kandi	Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agrokipia (Greek: Αγροκηπιά) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 3 km west of Klirou.	Agrokipia	Nicosia District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Didero (Piemontese: San Didé, Franco-Provençal: Sen Didé, French: Saint-Didier) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 40 km west of Turin in the Val di Susa.	San Didero	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rokicina (rɔkiˈt͡ɕina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rokicina	Gmina Młodzieszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odeda (or Awdeda) is a Local Government Area and town in Ogun State, Nigeria.	Odeda	Ogun State
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSTY (104.5 FM) is a country music formatted radio station licensed to Canon City, Colorado.	KSTY	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catcliffe is a village and civil parish on the north-west bank of the River Rother in South Yorkshire, England.	Catcliffe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łojewek (wɔˈjɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiski, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łojewek	Gmina Stawiski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joe Wheeler State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area with resort features located on Wheeler Lake, an impoundment of the Tennessee River in northwest Alabama.	Joe Wheeler State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludham is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, in The Broads, at the end of a dyke leading to Womack Water and flowing into the River Thurne.	Ludham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Casamaures is a historic 19th century villa, in the commune of Saint-Martin-le-Vinoux near Grenoble, in the Department of Isère, within the Rhône-Alpes region of France.	Casamaures	Saint-Martin-le-Vinoux
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grant Street Park is a football ground in the Merkinch area of Inverness.	Grant Street Park	Merkinch
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ingram Creek, originally Arroyo de la Suerte, is a 14-mile-long (23 km) tributary of the San Joaquin River in Stanislaus County, in the San Joaquin Valley of California.	Ingram Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alturas Municipal Airport (ICAO: KAAT, FAA LID: AAT formerly O00), is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) west of the central business district of Alturas, a city in Modoc County, California, United States.	Alturas Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospector railway station is a station in Prospector, Manitoba, Canada 10 km from The Pas, near the intersection of Manitoba Highway 10 and Manitoba Provincial Road 287 just inside Clearwater Lake Provincial Park.	Prospector railway station	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYRD-FM, known on-air as News Radio WORD, is a news/talk-formatted radio station in the Greenville-Spartanburg area of Upstate South Carolina.	WYRD-FM	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glinny Stok (ˈɡlinnɨ ˈstɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Glinny Stok	Gmina Siemień
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shing Mun (Chinese: 城門) is an area between Tsuen Wan and Sha Tin in the New Territories of Hong Kong.	Shing Mun	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miller-O'Donnell House was a historic residence in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Miller-O'Donnell House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Cigale is a theater at 120, boulevard de Rochechouart near Place Pigalle, in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.	La Cigale	18th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Théâtre des Délassements-Comiques is a name that was used for a number of different theatres in Paris from 1785 to 1890.	Théâtre des Délassements-Comiques	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver General Hospital (locally known as VGH, or Vancouver General) is a medical facility located in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Vancouver General Hospital	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anderson Valley is a sparsely populated region in western Mendocino County in Northern California.	Anderson Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schomberg (Sloan Field) Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSV8) is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) west southwest of Schomberg, Ontario, Canada.	Schomberg (Sloan Field) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seat of Government Acceptance Act 1909 is an Australian Commonwealth Government act, that in conjunction with the Seat of Government Surrender Act 1909 transferred land from the state of New South Wales to the Commonwealth for the creation of the Federal Capital Territory (now Australian Capital Territory).	Seat of Government Acceptance Act 1909	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reisalpe (1,399 m) is the highest mountain in the Gutenstein Alps and lies between Lilienfeld, Hohenberg and Kleinzell in Lower Austria.	Reisalpe	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirtaher (Persian: ميرطاهر‎, also Romanized as Mīrţāher) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mirtaher	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gushalan (Persian: گوشلان‎, also Romanized as Gūshalān, Gooshlan, Gūshelān, and Gūshlān) is a village in Simineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bahar County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Gushalan	Simineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cairnhill (Chinese: 朗逸峯) is a private housing estate in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong.	The Cairnhill	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srogów Górny (ˈsrɔɡuf ˈɡurnɨ) (Ukrainian: Согорів Горішній, Sohoriv Horishnii) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok, within Sanok County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Srogów Górny	Gmina Sanok
located in the administrative territorial entity	The District of Lakeland No. 521 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 18.	District of Lakeland No. 521	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banqalan (Persian: بانقلان‎, also Romanized as Bānqalān; also known as Bāneh Kalān and Bāngalān) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Banqalan	Deh Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popielewko (pɔpjɛˈlɛfkɔ) (German: Klein Poplow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Popielewko	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eldridge Street Synagogue, built in 1887, is a National Historic Landmark synagogue in Manhattan's Chinatown neighborhood.	Eldridge Street Synagogue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Movistar Arena is a 15,000-seat multi-purpose indoor arena in Santiago, Chile.	Movistar Arena	Santiago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taveh Espid (Persian: طاوه اسپيد‎, also Romanized as Ţāveh Espīd; also known as Tāveh Safīd and Tāveh Sefīd) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Taveh Espid	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	1818 Market Street (also known as 1818 Beneficial Bank Place) is a 40-story skyscraper in downtown Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	1818 Market Street	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juliénas is a commune in the department of Rhône, in east-central France.	Juliénas	Rhône
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cookley is a village in the Wyre Forest District of Worcestershire, England, a few miles to the north of Kidderminster, and close to the villages of Kinver and Wolverley.	Cookley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nandesari INA is a town and an industrial notified area in Vadodara district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Nandesari INA	Vadodara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard Chave is located in the 5th arrondissement of Marseille.	Boulevard Chave	5th arrondissement of Marseille
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amjaz Rural District (Persian: دهستان امجز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Amjaz Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bahar-e Yek (Persian: اب بهاريك‎, also Romanized as Āb Bahār-e Yek; also known as Nōh Mīlī) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Bahar-e Yek	Jahangiri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wabash Avenue YMCA is a Chicago Landmark located within the Chicago Landmark Black Metropolis-Bronzeville Historic District in the Douglas community area of Chicago, Illinois.	Wabash Avenue YMCA	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiggenhall St Germans is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk in the East of England.	Wiggenhall St Germans	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zakherd (Persian: زاخرد‎, also Romanized as Zākherd) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zakherd	Qarah Chaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Passage Point Park is a 0.9-acre (0.36 ha) park located in the Eastlake neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, directly underneath the Ship Canal Bridge on the south side of the Lake Union/Portage Bay shoreline.	South Passage Point Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riggs Flat Lake is a reservoir located near the top of the Pinaleño Mountains, in the Coronado National Forest and Graham County, Arizona.	Riggs Flat Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Sneffels Wilderness is a wilderness area in southwest Colorado managed by the Uncompahgre National Forest.	Mount Sneffels Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George W. Childs Recreation Site is a former Pennsylvania state park that is the site of a number of cascade waterfalls along Dingmans Creek; it has been part of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area since 1983.	George W. Childs Recreation Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Götzenstein is a hill in the Odenwald range in Hesse, Germany.	Götzenstein	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wismar (German pronunciation: (ˈvɪsmaʁ)) is a port and Hanseatic city in Northern Germany on the Baltic Sea, in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Wismar	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keyuan (Chinese: 东莞可园; pinyin: Dōngguǎn kěyuán; literally: ``Dongguan Ke Garden''), located at Boxia (博厦), Guancheng District, West Dongguan city, is one of the Four Great Gardens of Guangdong in China.	Keyuan	Dongguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnstone Hall is a dormitory at Clemson University, Clemson, South Carolina that has housed several generations of Clemson undergraduates.	Johnstone Hall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thousand Island Park Historic District is a national historic district located on the south tip of Wellesley Island at Orleans in Jefferson County, New York, United States.	Thousand Island Park Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenkbach is a village in Hesse, Germany and part of the municipality of Weimar (Lahn).	Wenkbach	Hesse	Weimar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Wojsławska (ˈvulka vɔi̯ˈswafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka Wojsławska	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Dowaban (Persian: مزرعه دوابان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Dowābān; also known as Dowabān) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Dowaban	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Hills Country Club is a country club which relocated located in the 1960s to North Hills, New York, USA.	North Hills Country Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Durailu (Persian: محمددورايلو‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Dūrāīlū; also known as Moḩammad Dūlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Durailu	Sivkanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasemabad-e Jalil (Persian: قاسم ابادجليل‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Jalīl) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Jalil	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unieradz (uˈɲerat͡s) (German: Neurese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Unieradz	Gmina Siemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJUB, 1420AM The Breeze, is a radio station licensed to Plymouth, Wisconsin which has an Adult Standards or standards format.	WJUB	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 2322 (RM 2322) is a 4.6-mile (7.4 km) state-maintained roadway located in Travis County, Texas.	Ranch to Market Road 2322	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaggon is a village in Rupnagar (Ropar) district of Punjab.	Gaggon	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žlutice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʒlucɪtsɛ); German: Luditz) is a town and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Žlutice	Karlovy Vary District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ririe B Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge is a Pegram truss railroad bridge which crosses the flood channel of the Snake River north of Ririe, Idaho.	Ririe B Pegram Truss Railroad Bridge	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horné Saliby (Hungarian: Felsőszeli) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Horné Saliby	Galanta District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borokathal as it is known generally, now officially known as Uatlok Twithu, is a small town located in the interiors of Sadar sub-division of West Tripura district of Tripura , India.	Uatlok Twithu	West Tripura district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katigar (Persian: كتيگر‎, also Romanized as Katīgar; also known as Kangar and Katkar) is a village in Lakan Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Katigar	Lakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beh Bid (Persian: به بيد‎, also Romanized as Beh Bīd) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Beh Bid	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Allegan is a man-made lake located in Valley Township just outside the city of Allegan in the U.S. state of Michigan (Allegan County).	Lake Allegan	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrott Island (Malayalam: ആന്ധ്രോത് ദ്വീപ്), also known as Androth Island, is a small inhabited island in the Union Territory of Lakshadweep, a group of 36 coral islands scattered in the Arabian Sea off the western coast of India	Andrott	Lakshadweep
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hjerkinn is a village in the municipality of Dovre, in the Oppland county in Norway.	Hjerkinn	Dovre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lompnas or Lompnaz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.	Lompnas	Ain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Qolleh (Persian: دوقله‎, also Romanized as Doqolleh) is a village in Banestan Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Do Qolleh	Banestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anderson Inlet, sometimes incorrectly referred to as Andersons Inlet, is a shallow and dynamic estuary in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia where the Tarwin River enters Bass Strait.	Anderson Inlet	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samthang (old) is a village in the Champhai district of Mizoram, India.	Samthang	Champhai district	Mizoram
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West End Church of Christ Silver Point is a folk vernacular brick church in the unincorporated community of Silver Point, Tennessee, United States.	West End Church of Christ Silver Point	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żelki (ˈʐɛlki), (German: Groß Silkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żelki	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The joint Parish Council for Nettleden with Potten End CP administers under Dacorum Borough Council.	Potten End	Dacorum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żminne (ˈʐminnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemień, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Żminne	Gmina Siemień
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pedra Branca do Amapari (White Stone of Amaphary), also known simply as Amapari, is a municipality located in the midwest of the state of Amapá in Brazil.	Pedra Branca do Amapari	Amapá
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bittenfeld is an incorporated (1975) town located in the northernmost quarter of Waiblingen in the Rems-Murr-Kreis in Baden-Württemberg.	Bittenfeld	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heinsbergen Decorating Company Building, also known as the AT Heinsbergen & Company Building, is a historic building on Beverly Boulevard in Los Angeles, California.	Heinsbergen Decorating Company Building	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaletka (kaˈlɛtka) (German: Kalitten, until 1938: Kalittken) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kaletka	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Terrace, Fremantle is a road in Fremantle, Western Australia that is renowned as the Cappucino Strip of Fremantle, due to the high number of coffee shops and restaurants.	South Terrace, Fremantle	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lattin-Crandall Octagon Barn is a historic octagonal barn located near Catharine in Schuyler County, New York.	Lattin-Crandall Octagon Barn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whiskey Dick Mountain is located 15 miles (24 km) east of Ellensburg, in Washington state.	Whiskey Dick Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrówko (dɔˈbrufkɔ) (formerly German Klein Dubberow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dobrówko	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPHS (90.3 FM) is a high school radio station at Plains High School in Plains, Texas.	KPHS	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afshariyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان افشاريه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khorramdasht District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Afshariyeh Rural District	Khorramdasht District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garevo (Cyrillic: Гарево) is a small village in Serbia close to Veliko Gradište.	Garevo	Veliko Gradište
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quimper Peninsula is a narrow peninsula forming the most northeastern extent of the Olympic Peninsula of Washington state in the northwestern United States of America.	Quimper Peninsula	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Izbicko, German Gemeinde Stubendorf, is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gmina Izbicko	Strzelce County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanha Satama (Finnish for ``old harbour'') is an exhibition centre in Helsinki, Finland.	Wanha Satama	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVVO-LP (94.1 FM) is an English language radio station located in Abilene, Texas.	KVVO-LP	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anzac Avenue is a heritage-listed major arterial road north of Brisbane, Queensland.	Anzac Avenue	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wincham Park is a football stadium in Wincham, a parish on the edge of Northwich, England.	Wincham Park	Northwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woliczno (vɔˈlit͡ʂnɔ) (German: Golz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Woliczno	Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre de Moncorvo (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈtoʁ(ɨ) ðɨ mõˈkoɾvu)) is a municipality in the district of Bragança in Portugal.	Torre de Moncorvo	Bragança
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millboro School, also known as Millboro Elementary School, Millboro High School, and Bath County High School, is a historic school complex located at Millboro, Bath County, Virginia.	Millboro School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homún Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``Unripened'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (192.89 km2) of land and located roughly 50 km southeast of the city of Mérida.	Homún Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of South Dakota and includes 129,700 acres (524 km2).	Madison Wetland Management District	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Four Leaf Towers is a high-rise residential complex located in Houston, Texas, United States, on San Felipe Street adjacent to the Uptown Houston district.	Four Leaf Towers	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karam Bal-e Ramazan (Persian: كرمبل رمضان‎, also Romanized as Karam Bal-e Ramaẕān; also known as Karīm Bāl) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karam Bal-e Ramazan	Negur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto União is a city located in the Northern Plateau in the State of Santa Catarina and in the left bank of Iguazu River, bordering the city of União da Vitória, Paraná.	Porto União	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	KALX (90.7 FM) is an FM radio station that broadcasts from the University of California, Berkeley in Berkeley, California.	KALX	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDame Creek is a creek located in the Cassiar Land District of British Columbia.	McDame Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aalborg Airport (Danish: Aalborg Lufthavn) (IATA: AAL, ICAO: EKYT) is a dual-use (civilian/military) airport located in Nørresundby, Aalborg Municipality, Denmark, which is 3.5 NM (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) northwest of Aalborg.	Aalborg Airport	Aalborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grindley Brook is a small village in Shropshire, England, on the A41 trunk road around 1.5 miles north west of the market town of Whitchurch.	Grindley Brook	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	KESR (107.1 FM, ``107.1 Bob FM'') is a radio station located in Redding, California.	KESR	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganj Konar (Persian: گنج كنار‎, also Romanized as Ganj Konār) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ganj Konar	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elko High School (EHS) is a public secondary school in Elko, Nevada, in the United States.	Elko High School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town Center Plaza is an open air shopping center in Leawood, Kansas.	Town Center Plaza	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hale Building was an office structure which opened in 1927 at 7 - 9 - 11 East 44th Street (Manhattan).	Hale Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chol Chol Chal (Persian: چل چل چال‎, also Romanized as Chol Chol Chāl) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chol Chol Chal	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aïre is a small locality in the Canton of Geneva.	Aïre	Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nevins Memorial Library at 305 Broadway in Methuen, Massachusetts was built in 1883 to honor David Nevins, Sr. as a memorial gift from his wife Eliza Nevins (née Eliza Coffin), his elder son David Nevins, Jr., and his younger son Henry Coffin Nevins.	Nevins Memorial Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Arzani (Persian: دره ارزني‎, also Romanized as Darreh Arzanī, Darreh Arzānī, and Darreh-ye Arzenī; also known as Dar-e Arzānī, Darreh Arzan, and Derah Arzāni) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Darreh Arzani	Tang Chenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minor Sod House, also known as Minor Post Office, near McDonald, Kansas is a sod house that was built c. 1907.	Minor Sod House	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matore is a village, surrounded by hills, in the heart of Kahuta Tehsil a subdivision of Rawalpindi District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Matore	Rawalpindi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Korycka Dolna (ˈvɔla kɔˈrɨt͡ska ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Korycka Dolna	Gmina Trojanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Historic Oakwood Cemetery was founded in 1869 in North Carolina's capital, Raleigh, near the North Carolina State Capitol in the city's Historic Oakwood neighborhood.	Historic Oakwood Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lamplighter School is a nonsectarian co-ed day school located in Dallas, Texas, USA.	The Lamplighter School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leśniewo Wielkie (lɛɕˈɲɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Leśniewo Wielkie	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Falls Mill Historic District is located between Roosevelt Avenue and the Blackstone River in Central Falls, Rhode Island.	Central Falls Mill Historic District	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łagiszyn (waˈɡiʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łagiszyn	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoughtonham Furnace Site is the site of a colonial-era iron foundry in Foxborough and Sharon, Massachusetts.	Stoughtonham Furnace Site	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMDM is a classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Lexington Park, Maryland, serving Southern Maryland and the Northern Neck.	WMDM	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noarootsi Parish (Estonian: Noarootsi vald, Swedish: Nuckö kommun) is a rural municipality in Lääne County, western Estonia.	Noarootsi Parish	Lääne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irrumbaanadu (Tamil: இரும்பாநாடு ) is a village in the Arimalamrevenue block of Pudukkottai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Irrumbaanadu	Pudukkottai district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Academy of Urban Planning is a small high school located in Brooklyn, New York on the Bushwick High School Campus.	Academy of Urban Planning	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buntingford is a small market town and civil parish in the district of East Hertfordshire and county of Hertfordshire in England.	Buntingford	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Owlshead Mountains are located at the southern end of Death Valley National Park near the border of the Fort Irwin Military Reservation in San Bernardino County, California, USA.	Owlshead Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CQA Four Mile Bridge spans the Big Horn River in Hot Springs County, Wyoming.	CQA Four Mile Bridge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgundy Farm Country Day School is a progressive independent school on a 25-acre (100,000 m2) campus in the Alexandria neighborhood of Fairfax County, Virginia, and 500 acres (2.0 km2) in West Virginia.	Burgundy Farm Country Day School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dust Cave is a Paleoindian archaeology site located in northern Alabama.	Dust Cave	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Eagle Brewery is the former brewing plant of Truman's Brewery located around Brick Lane in the Spitalfields area, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Black Eagle Brewery	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allah Verdiabad (Persian: اللّه وردي آباد‎, also Romanized as Allāh Verdīābād) is a village in Lajran Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Allah Verdiabad	Lajran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Sacred Heart College was a small Catholic women's college in Hamden, Connecticut.	Mount Sacred Heart College	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reed and Barton Complex is an historic industrial complex at West Brittania and Danforth Streets in Taunton, Massachusetts.	Reed and Barton Complex	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Draby (ˈdrabɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyn, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Draby	Gmina Działoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sprundel is a hamlet in the southern Netherlands, in the Rucphen municipality.	Sprundel	Rucphen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ndejje is located in Luweero District, approximately 42 kilometres (26 mi), by road, north of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.	Ndejje	Luweero District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Chai-ye Sofla (Persian: چشمه چاي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Chāī-ye Soflá; also known as Cheshmeh Chāhī-ye Soflá) is a village in Karezan Rural District, Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Chai-ye Sofla	Karezan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Mazar (Persian: چاه مزار‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mazār and Chāh-i-Mazār) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mazar	Dokuheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storm Lake Municipal Airport (IATA: SLB, ICAO: KSLB, FAA LID: SLB) is a city-owned public-use airport located in Storm Lake, Iowa.	Storm Lake Municipal Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haddadeh (Persian: حداده‎, also Romanized as 'Ḩaddādeh) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Haddadeh	Damankuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurazeh (Persian: هورازه‎‎, also Romanized as Hūrāzeh) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hurazeh	Nameh Shir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bröhan Museum is a museum of art and design in Berlin.	Bröhan Museum	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajawaan Lake is a lake in the northern boreal forest portion of Prince Albert National Park, Saskatchewan, 700 metres from the north end of Kingsmere Lake via a wide portage trail.	Ajawaan Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ririe Reservoir is a reservoir located near Ririe, Idaho.	Ririe Reservoir	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiszewko (kiˈʂɛfkɔ) (German: Kerndorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiszewko	Gmina Oborniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami Municipal Airport (IATA: MIO, ICAO: KMIO, FAA LID: MIO) is a city owned airport two miles northwest of Miami, in Ottawa County, Oklahoma.	Miami Municipal Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wargawka Młoda (varˈɡafka ˈmwɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wargawka Młoda	Gmina Witonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The AMK Ranch is a research center referred to as the University of Wyoming - National Park Research Station on the eastern shore of Jackson Lake in Grand Teton National Park.	AMK Ranch	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Netherbrae is an area of farmland and small crofts in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Netherbrae	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach is an open-wheel race held on a street circuit in Long Beach, California.	Grand Prix of Long Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife preserve operated by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on the Nisqually River Delta near Puget Sound in northeastern Thurston County, Washington and northwestern Pierce County, Washington.	Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totnes (/ˈtɒtnᵻs/ or /tɒtˈnɛs/) is a market town and civil parish at the head of the estuary of the River Dart in Devon, England within the South Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.	Totnes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simão Dias is a Brazilian municipality located in the far west of the Brazilian state of Sergipe.	Simão Dias	Sergipe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franzhagen Castle - also known as Franzgarten or Franzhof was a castle near the present-day Schulendorf in southern Schleswig-Holstein.	Franzhagen Castle	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jankowo-Skarbowo (janˈkɔvɔ skarˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jankowo-Skarbowo	Gmina Nowogród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodel (Scottish Gaelic: Roghadal) is a village on the south-eastern coast of Harris, an island in the Scottish Outer Hebrides.	Rodel	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Vaujours is a ruined castle from the 12th and 15th centuries, located in the commune of Château-la-Vallière in the Indre-et-Loire département of central France.	Château de Vaujours	Château-la-Vallière
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wasserkuppe is a mountain within the German state of Hesse.	Wasserkuppe	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishopstoke, a village recorded in the Domesday Book, is a civil parish in the borough of Eastleigh in Hampshire, England.	Bishopstoke	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chentang, officially Zhêntang Town (Chinese: 陈塘镇) is a town in Dinggyê County, in the Shigatse prefecture-level city of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Chentang	Dinggyê County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Semien Gondar Zone of the Amhara Region, Mekane Berhan has a latitude and longitude of 12°59′N 38°07′E with an elevation of approximately 2900 meters above sea level.	Mekane Berhan	Semien Gondar Zone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tetcott is a civil parish, small settlement and former manor (once the home of the Arscotts of Tetcott) in Devon, England.	Tetcott	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mellerów (mɛlˈlɛruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mellerów	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beryah Khani (Persian: بريه خاني‎, also Romanized as Beryah Khānī and Beryeh Khānī; also known as Beryā Khānī, Būrīākhānī, and Būryā Khānī) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Beryah Khani	Gurani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kehi Shrine (氣比神宮, Kehi jingu) is a Shinto shrine in Tsuruga, Fukui Prefecture.	Kehi Shrine	Tsuruga
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lombardo Building is a historic warehouse in Huntsville, Alabama.	Lombardo Building	Huntsville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuri-ye Bozorg (Persian: شوري بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Shūrī-ye Bozorg, Shūrī, Shūrī Bozorg, and Shūrī-Yebozorg) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shuri-ye Bozorg	Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cardinal McCarrick High School is a Catholic secondary school located in South Amboy, New Jersey, that operates under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metuchen.	Cardinal McCarrick High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAMP-FM (97.1 FM ``97.1 AMP Radio'') - is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station in Los Angeles, California.	KAMP-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moses Merrill Mission, also known as the Oto Mission, was located about eight miles west of Bellevue, Nebraska.	Moses Merrill Mission	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew John Volstead House is the historic house in Granite Falls, Minnesota of ten-term United States Congressman Andrew Volstead (1860--1947).	Andrew John Volstead House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacheh Gav (Persian: پاچه گاو‎, also Romanized as Pācheh Gāv) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Pacheh Gav	Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żaganiec (ʐaˈɡaɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowa, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Żaganiec	Gmina Iłowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farashian (Persian: فراشيان‎, also Romanized as Farāshīān, Farashiyan, Farrāshīyān, and Farrāshyān; also known as Farasīāh) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Farashian	Pain Jovin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jordan River Bridge is a two-lane bridge crossing the Jordan River, Tasmania within the greater area of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.	Jordan River Bridge	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunshine Building is a historic structure in downtown Albuquerque, in the U.S. state of New Mexico, at the intersection of Central Avenue and Second Street.	Sunshine Building	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Privately owned Bedarra Island is in the heart of the Family Islands National Park, off the Queensland coast in Australia.	Bedarra Island	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towie Barclay Castle is a historic castle in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, 4.5 miles south-south-east of Turriff.	Towie Barclay Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saugeen Kame Terraces is a 431-hectare provincially significant Earth Science Area of Natural and Scientific Interest in Ontario, Canada.	Saugeen Kame Terraces	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bieńki-Skrzekoty (ˈbjɛɲki skʂɛˈkɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bieńki-Skrzekoty	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	LaVell Edwards Stadium is an outdoor athletic stadium in Provo, Utah on the campus of Brigham Young University (BYU).	LaVell Edwards Stadium	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marston Magna (also known as Broad or Great Marston) is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Marston Magna	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château d'Ételan is a historical building in the commune of Saint-Maurice-d'Ételan in the Seine-Maritime département in Normandy, France.	Château d'Ételan	Saint-Maurice-d'Ételan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halidzor (Armenian: Հալիձոր), is a village in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Halidzor	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nam Fung Chau (Chinese: 南風洲) is an island of Hong Kong, under the administration of Sai Kung District.	Nam Fung Chau	Hong Kong	Sai Kung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Backbone Trail is a long distance trail extending 67.79 miles (109.10 km) across the length of the Santa Monica Mountains in the U.S. state of California.	Backbone Trail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabarakab (Persian: جابركعب‎, also Romanized as Jābarakʿab) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jabarakab	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhagawangola II is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Lalbag subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Bhagawangola II	Murshidabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albiano (German: Albian) is a comune in the autonomous province of Trentino in north Italy.	Albiano	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunset Drive, also known as Southwest 72nd Street is a 12.5-mile-long (20.1 km) east--west arterial road traversing the southwestern suburbs of Miami, Florida, from the northwestern portions of the Kendall area to Coral Gables.	Sunset Drive	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Victoria Casino Elgin is a riverboat casino in Elgin, Illinois, United States, located about 40 mi (64 km) west of Chicago.	Grand Victoria Casino Elgin	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenxi County (simplified Chinese: 辰溪县; traditional Chinese: 辰溪縣; pinyin: Chénxī Xiàn) is under the administration of Huaihua, Hunan province, China.	Chenxi County	Huaihua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atlow is a village and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire, England, about eight miles west of Belper.	Atlow	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jurandvor is a village in Croatia, just to the north of Baška.	Jurandvor	Baška
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maszewy (maˈʂɛvɨ) (German: Maxkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Maszewy	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burncoose is a hamlet near Gwennap in west Cornwall, England;	Burncoose	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajeshk (Persian: تجشك‎, also Romanized as Tajeshg) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tajeshk	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koszorów (kɔˈʂɔruf) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Koszorów	Gmina Chlewiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finkum (Frysk: Feinsum) is a small village in Leeuwarderadeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Finkum	Leeuwarderadeel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinqiao (Chinese: 金桥; pinyin: Jīnqiáo; literally: ``Golden Bridge'') is a town of Pudong, Shanghai, China.	Jinqiao	Pudong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olympic Heights Community High School is a public high school located at 20101 Lyons Road, serving west Boca Raton, parts of Boynton Beach and parts of Delray Beach as part of the School District of Palm Beach County, Florida.	Olympic Heights Community High School	Palm Beach County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebielsk (ˈtʂɛbjɛlsk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trzebielsk	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marvin Methodist Episcopal Church, South (Marvin United Methodist Church; Marvin Church) is a historic church at 300 W. Erwin Street in Tyler, Texas.	Marvin Methodist Episcopal Church, South	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pong Yaeng (Thai: โป่งแยง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Rim District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Pong Yaeng	Mae Rim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Band-e Kaisar (Persian: بند قیصر, ``Caesar's dam''‎), Pol-e Kaisar (``Caesar's bridge''), Bridge of Valerian or Shadirwan was an ancient arch bridge in Shushtar, Iran, and the first in the country to combine it with a dam.	Band-e Kaisar	Shushtar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chaffee Art Center for the Visual Arts is an art center located in Rutland, Vermont.	Chaffee Art Center	Rutland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorstone is a village within the Golden Valley, Herefordshire, England.	Dorstone	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Stallworthy (originally Svartevaeg) is a peninsula in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Cape Stallworthy	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasiorówka (jaɕɔˈrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jasiorówka	Gmina Łochów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tintignac is a hamlet near Naves in the Corrèze region of France.	Tintignac	Naves
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaleng (Persian: خالنگ‎, also Romanized as Khāleng; also known as Khāleng’ī) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khaleng	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodinayakanur taluk is a taluk of Theni district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Bodinayakanur taluk	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Manatee State Park (Lake Manatee State Recreation Area) is a 556-acre (2.3 km2) State Park in the U.S. state of Florida, located on the south shore of 2,400-acre (10 km2) Lake Manatee.	Lake Manatee State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sagtikos State Parkway, also known as the Sagtikos or Sagtikos Parkway, is a 5.14-mile (8.27 km) north--south limited-access parkway in Suffolk County on Long Island, New York, in the United States.	Sagtikos State Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanford Stadium is the on-campus playing venue for football at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia, United States.	Sanford Stadium	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razmeghan (Persian: رزمغان‎, also Romanized as Razmeghān, Razmegān, Rakzaman, Rāzmakān, Razmaqān, and Razmqān) is a village in Golian Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Razmeghan	Golian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lima Region, also known as Departamento de Lima, is one of the twenty-five regions of Peru.	Lima Region	Peru
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carnegie Library of Covington, also known as Covington Public Library, is a historic Carnegie library located at the corner of Fifth and Crockett Streets (622 S. Fifth St.), Covington, Fountain County, Indiana.	Carnegie Library of Covington	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sainte Marie Coal Mine is one of the major Ronchamp coal mines, located in Bourlémont (Ronchamp, Haute-Saône), in eastern France.	Sainte Marie Coal Mine	Ronchamp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yrgyz District (Kazakh: Ырғыз ауданы) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan.	Yrgyz District	Aktobe Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monreith is a small seaside village located in the Machars, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Monreith	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mathias Ham House is a 19th-century house in Dubuque, Iowa that is on the National Register of Historic Places.	Mathias Ham House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemah (Persian: لمه‎) is a village in Kalashi Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Lemah	Kalashi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cockpen and Carrington Parish Church is located to the south of the town of Bonnyrigg in Midlothian, Scotland.	Cockpen and Carrington Parish Church	Midlothian	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kujawka (kuˈjafka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bądkowo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kujawka	Gmina Bądkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Mohammady (Persian: مزرعه محمدئ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammady) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammady	Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York Institute of Photography (or NYIP) is a for-profit distance education school based out of New York City, offering different courses in photography to students all over the world.	New York Institute of Photography	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Nash High School is a high school located in Nash County, west of the Rocky Mount, North Carolina city limits.	Northern Nash High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parrsboro is a Canadian town located in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia.	Parrsboro	Cumberland County, Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabrik (Persian: كبريك‎, also Romanized as Kabrīk; also known as Kaberak, Kavarik, and Kyavaryk) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kabrik	Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMGC-FM is a radio station in Detroit, Michigan broadcasting at 105.1 MHz, and airs a sports talk format as ``Detroit Sports 105.1.''	WMGC-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rubicon Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe in the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County, California.	Rubicon Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of the Siderurgy of Asturias (in Spanish Museo de la Siderurgia de Asturias), is a museum located in La Felguera, in the Principality of Asturias, northern Spain.	Museum of the Siderurgy	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newton Arboretum and Botanical Gardens 3 acres (12,000 m²) are an arboretum and botanical gardens located within Agnes Patterson Park, at the intersection of North Beltline and 4th Street, Newton, Iowa.	Newton Arboretum and Botanical Gardens	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1570, or FM 1570, is a major thoroughfare located in Hunt County, Texas, roughly along the city limits of Greenville, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1570	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Café Pamplona, located at 12 Bow St. beside the intersection of Bow and Arrow Streets near Harvard Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, is a café.	Café Pamplona	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inchmickery is a small island in the Firth of Forth in Scotland.	Inchmickery	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferncliff Peninsula Natural Area is a 100-acre (40 ha) peninsula with a unique habitat with many rare and unusual, for Pennsylvania, plants.	Ferncliff Peninsula Natural Area	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baltimore Heritage Walk is a heritage trail that links 20 historic sites and museums in Baltimore, Maryland.	Baltimore Heritage Walk	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zila-ye Aliasgar (Persian: زيلاعلي عسگر‎, also Romanized as Zīlā-ye ʿAlīʿasgar) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zila-ye Aliasgar	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhour is a village in the Punjab state of India, located near the city of Sultanpur Lodhi, in the Kapurthala district.	Bhour	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ball Mountain Dam (National ID # VT00001) is a dam in Jamaica, Windham County, Vermont, in the southeastern part of the state.	Ball Mountain Dam	Jamaica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rico Town Hall or Rico City Hall is a multi-purpose building in the tiny mountain mining town of Rico, Colorado, USA.	Rico Town Hall	Rico, Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Branch Penobscot River is a 75.3-mile-long (121.2 km) tributary of Maine's Penobscot River.	East Branch Penobscot River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stepping Stones Museum for Children is a hands-on children's museum for ages 10 and under located at 303 West Avenue, in the Central section of Norwalk, Connecticut.	Stepping Stones Museum for Children	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikehdan (Persian: بيكهدان‎, also Romanized as Bīkehdān; also known as Bekahdān) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bikehdan	Aliabad-e Malek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wagner Farm Arboretum is a new arboretum currently being established at 197 Mountain Avenue, Warren Township in Somerset County, New Jersey.	Wagner Farm Arboretum	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alpine Loop National Back Country Byway is located northeast of Silverton, Colorado in San Juan and Hinsdale Counties.	Alpine Loop National Back Country Byway	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steinway Mansion is a historic home located on a one acre hilltop in the Astoria section of Queens, New York City.	Steinway Mansion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Retta Nagala is a village in Muzaffarnagar district, Uttar Pradesh, India situated on the Roorkee Road (NH-58) with a population between 5,000 to 6,000.	Retta Nagala	Muzaffarnagar district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Helen Anderson House is a well preserved English Cottage Revival structure in Phoenix, Arizona.	Helen Anderson House	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Afro-American Museum and Cultural Center is a museum located in Wilberforce, Ohio, whose mission is to chronicle through its collections and programs the rich and varied experiences of African Americans from their African origins to the present.	National Afro-American Museum and Cultural Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vassar College (/ˈvæsər/ VASS-ər) is a private, coeducational, liberal arts college in the town of Poughkeepsie, New York, in the United States.	Vassar College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savo Hall, also known as the Finnish National Society Hall, is a historic meeting hall in Savo Township, Brown County, South Dakota.	Savo Hall	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudson Valley Mall is a shopping mall located in Kingston, New York, in the area known as the Town of Ulster.	Hudson Valley Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żabówko (ʐaˈbufkɔ) (German: Klein Sabow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żabówko	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broward Center for the Performing Arts is a large multi-venue theater and entertainment complex located in the heart of downtown Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA.	Broward Center for the Performing Arts	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Armenian Genocide Martyrs Monument, better known as Montebello Genocide Memorial, is a monument in Montebello, California in the Los Angeles metropolitan area, dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide of 1915.	Montebello Genocide Memorial	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajakol (Persian: رجاكل‎, also Romanized as Rajākol) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rajakol	Pir Bazar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patkuhi (Persian: پتكوهي‎, also Romanized as Patkūhī) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Patkuhi	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brokaw-McDougall House is a historic mansion in Tallahassee, Florida.	Brokaw-McDougall House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monterey College of Law (MCL) is a private, non-profit law school founded in 1972 in Monterey, California.	Monterey College of Law	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leżnice (lɛʐˈnit͡sɛ) (German: Lägs) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Leżnice	Gmina Pasłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansurabad-e Sarab Khamzan (Persian: منصورابادسراب خمزان‎, also Romanized as Manşūrābād-e Sarāb Khamzān; also known as Manşūrābād and Serowkhīzon) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mansurabad-e Sarab Khamzan	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapitańszczyzna (kapitaɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kapitańszczyzna	Gmina Narewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardurun (Persian: سردورون‎, also Romanized as Sardūrūn) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sardurun	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mossley West railway station is located in the townland of Ballyhenry in the north of Newtownabbey, County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Mossley West railway station	Newtownabbey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franconia Railway (German: Frankenbahn) is a 180 km long railway line in the north of the German state of Baden-Württemberg and the Bavarian province of Lower Franconia that links Stuttgart and Würzburg.	Franconia Railway	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Chester University of Pennsylvania (WCUPA) is a public university located in West Chester, Pennsylvania, about 25 miles (40 km) west of Philadelphia.	West Chester University	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Predloka (pronounced (pɾɛˈdloːka)) is a small village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Predloka	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Nong Pradu is a village (Muban) in the Chai Nat province in central Thailand.	Ban Nong Pradu	Chai Nat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolniki-Parcela (sɔkɔlˈniki parˈt͡sɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sokolniki-Parcela	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lingui District (Chinese: 临桂区; pinyin: Línguì Qū) is a district administered by Guilin, Guangxi, China, and located midway between Guilin and Yangshuo.	Lingui District	Guilin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobruchów (dɔˈbruxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodzierady, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dobruchów	Gmina Wodzierady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1650 (FM 1650) is a farm to market road located primarily in Upshur County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1650	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bull Shoals-White River State Park is a 732-acre (296 ha) Arkansas state park in Baxter and Marion Counties, Arkansas in the United States.	Bull Shoals-White River State Park	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DePauw Avenue Historic District is a national historic district just northeast of downtown New Albany, Indiana, across the Ohio River from Louisville, Kentucky.	DePauw Avenue Historic District	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winchester Speedway is a half-mile paved oval motor racetrack in White River Township, Randolph County, just outside Winchester, Indiana, approximately 90 miles (145 km) northeast of Indianapolis.	Winchester Speedway	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wandalin nad Szosą (vanˈdalin ˌnat ˈʂɔsɔ̃) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wandalin nad Szosą	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suti I (Bengali: সূতী I) is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Suti I	Murshidabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janan (Persian: جانان‎, also Romanized as Jānān) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Janan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomasville Railroad Passenger Depot is a historic train station located at Thomasville, Davidson County, North Carolina.	Thomasville Railroad Passenger Depot	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Currambena School is an independent primary and preschool in Lane Cove, New South Wales.	Currambena School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmudabad County (Persian: شهرستان محمودآباد‎) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran.	Mahmudabad County	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital at Sandy Bay (Chinese: 大口環根德公爵夫人兒童醫院) is a pediatric hospital in Sandy Bay on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital at Sandy Bay	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nabesna Road is a minor highway in the U.S. state of Alaska that extends 42 miles (68 km) from the Slana River to Nabesna, providing access to some interior components of Wrangell-St. Elias National Park.	Nabesna Road	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albany Law School is a private, independent, ABA accredited law school based in Albany, New York.	Albany Law School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Săuca (Hungarian: Sződemeter, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsøːdɛmɛtɛr)) is a commune of 1,470 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Săuca	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarchehan District (Persian: بخش سرچهان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sarchehan District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calea Victoriei (Victory Avenue) is a major avenue in central Bucharest.	Calea Victoriei	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rajab Sara (Persian: رجب سرا‎, also Romanized as Rajab Sarā) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rajab Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madargan (Persian: مادرگان‎, also Romanized as Mādargān; also known as Mādarkān and Mādarkūn) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District, Jolgeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Madargan	Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snyder Middleswarth Natural Area is a 500 acre (202 ha) National Natural Landmark within Bald Eagle State Forest in Spring Township, Snyder County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Snyder Middleswarth Natural Area	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Pęcławska (kɔˈlɔɲa pɛnt͡sˈwafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kolonia Pęcławska	Gmina Bogoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sam Rayburn House Museum is located in the North Texas town of Bonham, in the county of Fannin, in the U.S. state of Texas.	Sam Rayburn House Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Defot is a locality and former mining boomtown in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located west of Mount Defot.	Defot	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northfleet Green is a hamlet in the borough of Gravesham in Kent, England.	Northfleet Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Palestine is a freshwater lake in northeast Texas.	Lake Palestine	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mifflin Elementary School in the Lincoln Place neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a building from 1932.	Mifflin Elementary School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stalag VI-B was a German World War II prisoner-of-war camp (Stammlager), located about 3 km (1.9 mi) east of the village of Versen in the Emsland district of Lower Saxony, in north-western Germany, close to the border with the Netherlands.	Stalag VI-B	Versen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazabad (Persian: بازاباد‎, also Romanized as Bāzābād) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bazabad	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sidhpura is a town and a nagar panchayat in Etah district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Sidhpura	Etah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holthees is a very small village in the municipality of Boxmeer on the border of the Dutch provinces North Brabant and Limburg.	Holthees	Boxmeer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Nazarian (Persian: حسن ابادنظريان‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Naz̧arīān and Ḩasanābād-e Naz̧areyān; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Nazarian	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The civil parish was created from the four previous ecclesiastical parishes of Cranworth, Letton, Southburgh and Woodrising by the County of Norfolk Review Order, 1935.	Cranworth	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Gatehouse, Washington Aqueduct is a pumping station at the Georgetown Reservoir on the Washington Aqueduct in The Palisades neighborhood of Washington, D.C., United States.	Castle Gatehouse, Washington Aqueduct	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoxtolgay or Heshituoluogai (Oirat: χoʃ tolɣæ 'twin peaks', Chinese: 和什托洛盖镇 Héshítuōluògài Zhèn) is a town in Hoboksar Mongol Autonomous County, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, PR China.	Hoxtolgay	Hoboksar Mongol Autonomous County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Resurrection Manor was a historic home located near Hollywood, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States.	Resurrection Manor	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmer Smith Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by the city of Owensboro, Kentucky.	Elmer Smith Power Plant	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kajiran (Persian: كجيران‎, also Romanized as Kajīrān) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Kajiran	Pain Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalunabad (Persian: زالون اباد‎, also Romanized as Zālūnābād) is a village in Qanavat Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Zalunabad	Qanavat Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McDonough School of Business (commonly abbreviated MSB) is one of the four undergraduate and one of the five graduate schools of Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. It is named in honor of Georgetown alumnus Robert Emmett McDonough.	McDonough School of Business	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sherman Creek Generating Station was a coal-fired power plant built by the United Electric Light and Power Company in New York City, on Manhattan Island at 201st Street and the Harlem River.	Sherman Creek Generating Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward Little High School is a public high school in Auburn, Maine, United States that was first established as Lewiston Falls Academy in 1835.	Edward Little High School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	O.M. Edwards Building is located at the intersection of Plum and Solar Streets in Syracuse, New York.	O.M. Edwards Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crookstown (Irish: An Baile Gallda, meaning ``town of the invader or foreigner'') is a small town in the south of County Kildare, Ireland.	Crookstown	County Kildare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dilsukhnagar is one of the largest commercial and residential centers in Hyderabad.	Dilsukhnagar	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chattooga High School, (CHS / Chattooga County High School) is a public high school in the northwest Georgia city of Summerville, USA.	Chattooga High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miszewo Wielkie (miˈʂɛvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Miszewo Wielkie	Gmina Nowe Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Logan Regional Hospital is a 148-bed general hospital located in Logan, Utah.	Logan Regional Hospital	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canning Vale College (CVC) is a state high school located in Canning Vale, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.	Canning Vale College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Louis Christian College is a private four year undergraduate Bible college located at 1360 Grandview Drive in Florissant, Missouri.	St. Louis Christian College	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Vittoria in Matenano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche, located about 70 kilometres (43 miles) south of Ancona and about 20 km (12 mi) northwest of Ascoli Piceno.	Santa Vittoria in Matenano	Province of Fermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knewstubb Lake is an arm or stretch of the Ootsa Lake Reservoir in the Nechako Country of the western Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Knewstubb Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	1010 Mass is a high-rise building in Washington, D.C. The building rises 15 floors and 157 feet (48 m) in height.	1010 Mass	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lorsanvar (Persian: لرسانور‎, also Romanized as Lorsānvar) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lorsanvar	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vancouver Island Regional Correctional Centre (VIRCC) is a Regional Correctional Centre that is located in the District Municipality of Saanich, Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver Island Regional Correctional Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tegh (Armenian: Տեղ) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Tegh	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fornells de la Selva is a municipality in the comarca of Gironès that forms part of the urban area of Girona.	Fornells de la Selva	Gironès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralston Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe within the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County, California.	Ralston Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaveh-ye Olya (Persian: كاوه عليا‎, also Romanized as Kāveh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 7 families.	Kaveh-ye Olya	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razin Dul (Persian: رزين دول‎, also Romanized as Razīn Dūl; also known as Zarrīn Dūl) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Razin Dul	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	WITY 980AM is a stand-alone radio station which began broadcasting in 1953 in Danville, Illinois, USA, owned by Illiana Communications, LLC. The format is Adult Standards with daily farm programming.	WITY	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Ynez River is one of the largest rivers on the Central Coast of California.	Santa Ynez River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oregon Jack Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located in the Clear Range west of Ashcroft.	Oregon Jack Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mike Rose Soccer Complex is a complex of 16 soccer fields and one 2,500-capacity stadium located in Memphis, Tennessee.	Mike Rose Soccer Complex	Memphis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stójków (ˈstui̯kuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek-Zdrój, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stójków	Gmina Lądek-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	The NASA Infrared Telescope Facility (NASA IRTF) is a 3-meter (9.8 ft) telescope optimized for use in infrared astronomy and located at the Mauna Kea Observatory in Hawaii.	NASA Infrared Telescope Facility	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPAR is a Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Salem, Virginia; with studios in Lynchburg.	WPAR	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hubbard Free Library is the public library serving Hallowell, Maine and the surrounding communities of Chelsea and Farmingdale.	Hubbard Free Library	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pociękarb (pɔˈt͡ɕenkarp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reńska Wieś, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pociękarb	Gmina Reńska Wieś
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merlette is a quartier of Saint Barthélemy in the Caribbean.	Merlette	Saint Barthélemy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martinsville High School is the only high school located in Martinsville, Indiana.	Martinsville High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Petts Wood railway station serves Petts Wood in the London Borough of Bromley, and is in Travelcard Zone 5.	Petts Wood railway station	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talking Rocks Cavern (originally called Fairy Cave) is a cavern system located in Stone County, just west of Reeds Spring in the U.S. state of Missouri.	Talking Rocks Cavern	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bates Building is a historic house in the Columbia-Tusculum neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Bates Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eiguliai is an eldership in the city of Kaunas, Lithuania.	Eiguliai	Kaunas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ellery, with an elevation of 1,280 metres (4,200 ft) AMSL, is a mountain that is part of the Errinundra Plateau within the Errinundra National Park, located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Mount Ellery	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lhain (Chinese: 联乡) is a village and township of Samzhubzê District (Shigatse City), in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Lhain	Samzhubzê District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karimabad-e Ayaghchi (Persian: كريم آباد اياغچي‎, also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Ayāghchī; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Karimabad-e Ayaghchi	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	JAC Recording, Inc., was a small American recording studio based in New York City at 152 West 58th Street.	JAC Recording, Inc.	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarchal (Persian: ازارچال‎, also Romanized as Āzārchāl) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azarchal	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khamand (Persian: خمند‎) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khamand	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khumeh Zar (Persian: خومه زار‎, also Romanized as Khūmeh Zār) is a city in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khumeh Zar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buniel is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castilla y León, Spain.	Buniel	province of Burgos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skitube Alpine Railway is an Australian standard gauge electric rack railway in the Kosciuszko National Park in New South Wales.	Skitube Alpine Railway	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOZN is a sports talk station in Omaha, Nebraska.	KOZN	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pettstadt is a community in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg with about 1,900 inhabitants.	Pettstadt	Bamberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Devonport is a local government area of Tasmania, encompassing the city of Devonport in northern Tasmania.	City of Devonport	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navamalai is a small village in the panchayat town of Kottur-Malayandipattinam in Coimbatore District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Navamalai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Stream Central High School is a public senior high school (grades 10-12) in the village of Valley Stream, New York in southwest Nassau County.	Valley Stream Central High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warcino (varˈt͡ɕinɔ) (former German name: Varzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warcino	Gmina Kępice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marischal College is a large granite building on Broad Street in the centre of Aberdeen in north-east Scotland, and since 2011 has acted as the headquarters of Aberdeen City Council.	Marischal College	Aberdeen	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balgillo is a housing development in the Dundee suburb of Broughty Ferry.	Balgillo	Dundee
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJNI-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 95.7 FM in Halifax, Nova Scotia with a News/talk format branded on-air as News 95.7.	CJNI-FM	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saxon Switzerland National Park (German: Nationalpark Sächsische Schweiz), is a National Park in the German Free State of Saxony near the capital city of Dresden.	Saxon Switzerland National Park	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belfast Municipal Airport (ICAO: KBST, FAA LID: BST) is a public use airport in Waldo County, Maine, United States.	Belfast Municipal Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Munipally or Munpally is a village in Jakranpally Mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India.	Munipally	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pueblo de Viudas (Spanish for widow's town, pronounced: (ˈpweβlo ðe ˈβʝuðas)) is a Chilean village, currently part of urban Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province, O'Higgins Region.	Pueblo de Viudas	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockford University is a private American liberal arts college in Rockford, Illinois.	Rockford University	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foots Cray (or Footscray) is an area of South East London, within the London Borough of Bexley.	Foots Cray	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fath Bagh (Persian: فته باغ‎, also Romanized as Fatḩ Bāgh; also known as Patbāgh) is a village in Anjirabad Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Fath Bagh	Anjirabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batchi (Persian: بطچي‎, also Romanized as Baţchī) is a village in Firuraq Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Batchi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Building at 140 W. Main Street is a historic home located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware.	Building at 140 W. Main Street	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loma Linda University Medical Center (LLUMC) is a teaching hospital, children's hospital, and research center on the campus of Loma Linda University in Loma Linda, California, United States.	Loma Linda University Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ungma is one of the more developed villages in Nagaland.	Ungma	Nagaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knickerbocker Village Limited is a lower-middle class housing development situated between the Manhattan Bridge and Brooklyn Bridge, in what is generally considered to be the Two Bridges section of the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	Knickerbocker Village	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Cloud Home'' is a historic home located at Pottsville, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania.	Cloud Home	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Österhagen och Bergliden (or simply Österhagen) is a locality situated in Upplands-Bro Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 213 inhabitants in 2010.	Österhagen och Bergliden	Upplands-Bro Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWJG (91.5 FM) was a non-commercial radio station in Kasilof, Alaska, broadcasting to the Kenai, Alaska, area.	KWJG	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cumberland Bone Cave is a fossil-filled cave along the western slope of Wills Mountain on the outskirts of Cumberland, Maryland near Corriganville in Allegany County, Maryland.	Cumberland Bone Cave	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peacock's Lock Viaduct is a stone arch bridge over the Schuylkill River near Reading, Pennsylvania, constructed by the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad between 1853 and 1856.	Peacock's Lock Viaduct	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stobnica-Piła (stɔbˈnit͡sa ˈpiwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stobnica-Piła	Gmina Ręczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bintuni (Dutch: Steenkool) is a small town in West Papua, Indonesia and seat of the Teluk Bintuni Regency.	Bintuni	West Papua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramutowo (ramuˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ramutowo	Gmina Słupno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donalds Grange No. 497, in Donalds, South Carolina, also known as Patrons of Husbandry or Grange Hall, was built in 1935.	Donalds Grange No. 497	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sete Lagoas (meaning 'Seven Lagoons' in Portuguese) is a city in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.	Sete Lagoas	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Masi (Persian: ده مسي‎, also Romanized as Deh Masī) is a village in Horgan Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Masi	Horgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gargazon (Italian: Gargazzone) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Bolzano.	Gargazon	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Together with Rhoon, Poortugaal forms the municipality of Albrandswaard.	Poortugaal	Albrandswaard
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murray Downtown Residential Historic District is the best representative area of the residential settlement and development of the city of Murray, Utah, United States.	Murray Downtown Residential Historic District	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zocca (Emilian: Zòca) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Bologna and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of Modena.	Zocca	Province of Modena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tałty (ˈtau̯tɨ) (German: Talten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tałty	Gmina Mikołajki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The One Pillar Pagoda (Vietnamese: Chùa Một Cột 񣘠𠬠榾, formally Diên Hựu tự (延祐寺) or Liên Hoa Đài (蓮花臺)) is a historic Buddhist temple in Hanoi, the capital of Vietnam.	One Pillar Pagoda	Hanoi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hare Street House is a grade II* listed building in the hamlet of Hare Street, which lies between Buntingford and Great Hormead in the East Hertfordshire district of Hertfordshire, England.	Hare Street House	East Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Britannia Adelphi Hotel is in Ranelagh Place, Liverpool city centre, Merseyside, England.	Britannia Adelphi Hotel	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valor Christian High School is an independent private, Christian high school in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, United States.	Valor Christian High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoffman tunnel, or Hoffman drainage tunnel, was constructed to drain water from coal mines northwest of Clarysville in Allegany County, Maryland.	Hoffman tunnel	Allegany County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Signer's House and Matthew Thornton Cemetery are a pair of historic properties in Merrimack, New Hampshire, United States.	Signer's House and Matthew Thornton Cemetery	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbihat (Persian: اربيحات‎, also Romanized as Arbīḩāt) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Arbihat	Hoseyni Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daufuskie Island is a residential sea island between Savannah, Georgia and Hilton Head Island, South Carolina about 2.75 miles (4.43 km) offshore.	Daufuskie Island	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isaac Davis Trail, also known as the Acton Trail, is an historic 6-mile (9.7 km) trail running east-west in the towns of Acton and Concord, Massachusetts.	Isaac Davis Trail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emberton is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes, ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire in England.	Emberton	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Son Ferrer is a new village in the municipality of Calvià on the island of Majorca, part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands.	Son Ferrer	Calvià
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIKY-FM 104.1 FM is a full-service/Adult Contemporary music radio station serving the Evansville, Indiana radio market.	WIKY-FM	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzeh-ye Kuhbord (Persian: پوزه كوهبرد‎, also Romanized as Pūzeh-ye Kūhbord) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Puzeh-ye Kuhbord	Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Diamond Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River which flows south through a section of Bergen County in New Jersey.	Little Diamond Brook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paley Park is a pocket park located at 3 East 53rd Street in Midtown Manhattan on the former site of the Stork Club.	Paley Park	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiuyuan District (Mongolian: ᠵᠢᠦ ᠶᠤᠸᠠᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Jiü yuvan toɣoriɣ; simplified Chinese: 九原区; traditional Chinese: 九原區; pinyin: Jiǔyuán Qū) is a district of Baotou, the largest city of Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Jiuyuan District	Baotou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drogoszowice (drɔɡɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Schöneiche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Drogoszowice	Gmina Twardogóra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unity Chapel is located in town of Wyoming in Iowa County, Wisconsin.	Unity Chapel	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koath is a notified area in Rohtas district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Koath	Rohtas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delos A. Blodgett House, also known as 8VO4385, is a Queen Anne style historic home in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States.	Delos A. Blodgett House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bray Island is one of the Canadian Arctic islands located in Nunavut, Canada along the southern coast of Baffin Island.	Bray Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weaverville Joss House State Historic Park is a state park located in the center of the town of Weaverville, California.	Weaverville Joss House State Historic Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSKW is a U.S. AM radio station licensed to Skowhegan, Maine carrying a classic country music format.	WSKW	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadłubowo (kadwuˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kadłubowo	Gmina Dzierzążnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Park Tower (also known as the Nordstrom Tower) is a supertall mixed-use commercial/residential project being developed by the Extell Development Company in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Central Park Tower	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Chelsea-New Melbourne-Brownsdale-Sibley's Cove-Lead Cove is a designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador, consisting of five unincorporated fishing villages on the Trinity Bay side of the northern tip of the Bay de Verde Peninsula.	New Chelsea-New Melbourne-Brownsdale-Sibley's Cove-Lead Cove	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park near Brownsville, Texas is a National Park Service unit which preserves the grounds of the May 8, 1846, Battle of Palo Alto.	Palo Alto Battlefield National Historical Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandeh Ab (Persian: مانده اب‎, also Romanized as Māndeh Āb) is a village in Kushk Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mandeh Ab	Kushk Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klasies River Caves are a series of caves located to the east of the Klasies River mouth on the Tsitsikamma coast in the Humansdorp district of Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Klasies River Caves	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamankesh (Persian: كمانكش‎, also Romanized as Kamānkesh and Kamankash) is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kamankesh	Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Placerita Canyon State Park is a California State Park in the San Gabriel Mountains, in an unincorporated rural area of Los Angeles County, north of Los Angeles near Santa Clarita, California.	Placerita Canyon State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enayati-ye Pain (Persian: عنايتي پائين‎, also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī-ye Pā’īn and ʿEnāyatī-ye Pāeen) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Enayati-ye Pain	Abshar Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Route 227 (US 227) was a U.S. Highway that was commissioned in Kentucky from 1928 to 1972, and ran from Richmond to Carrollton.	U.S. Route 227	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navai Kola (Persian: نوايي كلا‎, also Romanized as Navā’ī Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Navai Kola	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tărcaia (Hungarian: Köröstárkány) is a commune in Bihor County, northwestern Romania with a population of 2,076 people.	Tărcaia	Bihor County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cincinnati Hills Christian Academy is a private Christian university-preparatory school, located on two campuses in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Cincinnati Hills Christian Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parvizabad (Persian: پرويزاباد‎, also Romanized as Parvīzābād) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Parvizabad	Chaharduli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Midwest Museum of Natural History is a 501c3 organization located in Sycamore, Illinois.	Midwest Museum of Natural History	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nosratabad District (Persian: بخش نصرت‌آباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nosratabad District	Zahedan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będogoszcz (bɛnˈdɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ) (German: Schützenaue) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Będogoszcz	Gmina Stare Czarnowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Michael and All Angels Episcopal Church is an historic church located at 1000 West 18th Street in Anniston, Alabama.	St. Michael and All Angels Episcopal Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragany (draˈɡanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dragany	Gmina Wysokie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandarin Oriental, Las Vegas is a 47-story hotel located in CityCenter, a massive urban mixed-use complex situated on the Strip in Paradise, Nevada.	Mandarin Oriental, Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Baptist Church of Gilmanton, also known as the Lower Gilmanton Church, is a historic church building on Province Road (New Hampshire Route 107), slightly north of Stage Road, in Gilmanton, New Hampshire.	First Baptist Church of Gilmanton	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jamaica Savings Bank building, located in the Jamaica section of the borough of Queens in New York City, was built between 1897 and 1898 in the Beaux-Arts style.	Jamaica Savings Bank	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Marpole Midden (also known as the Eburne Site, or Great Fraser Midden), is an ancient Musqueam village and burial site located in the Marpole neighbourhood of Vancouver, British Columbia.	Great Marpole Midden	Vancouver
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 November 1938, the districts of Bensheim and Heppenheim were merged into one district, Kreis Bergstraße with Heppenheim as its seat.	Bensheim	Kreis Bergstraße
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cavazzo Carnico (Friulan: Cjavàç, Slovene: Karnijsko Kamno) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Udine.	Cavazzo Carnico	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hans Merensky Wilderness, also known as the Hans Merensky Nature Reserve, is a protected area in Limpopo Province, South Africa.	Hans Merensky Wilderness	Limpopo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Najaf (Persian: شاه نجف‎, also Romanized as Shāh Najaf and Shāh-e Najaf) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shah Najaf	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malawicze Górne (malaˈvit͡ʂɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Malawicze Górne	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glińsko (ˈɡliɲskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Glińsko	Gmina Śmigiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jenkins Law Library is a membership library, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, serving the local legal community.	Jenkins Law Library	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abella de la Conca is a village in the province of Province of Lleida in the county of Pallars Jussà and the autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Abella de la Conca	Pallars Jussà
located in the administrative territorial entity	1331 Yonge Street was the civic address of an office and studio complex in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, It is located on Yonge Street, three blocks south of St. Clair Avenue.	1331 Yonge Street	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wankspitze (elevation 2,208 m (7,244 ft)) is a summit of the Mieming Range in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Wankspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadmabad (Persian: گدم آباد‎, also Romanized as Gadmābād and Gadamābād) is a village in Soltanali Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Gadmabad	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Withington is a suburb of south Manchester, England.	Withington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrocieryż (vrɔˈt͡ɕerɨʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wrocieryż	Gmina Michałów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Malik (Persian: پايين مليك‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Malīk) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Malik	Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Para River is a seasonal creek running across the Adelaide plains of South Australia, whose catchment fills reservoirs that supply some of the water needs of Adelaide's northern suburbs.	Little Para River	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tennispalatsi (Swedish: Tennispalatset; lit. Tennis Palace), is an enclosed cultural and recreational center in Kamppi, Helsinki, Finland.	Tennispalatsi	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juancheng County falls under the jurisdiction of Heze, Shandong Province.	Juancheng County	Heze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mess Lake is a lake in Mount Edziza Provincial Park northern British Columbia, Canada.	Mess Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heiser, Rosenfeld, and Strauss Buildings, also known as Inner Harbor Lofts I, is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Heiser, Rosenfeld, and Strauss Buildings	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stokkvågen is a village and port on the mainland part of the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Stokkvågen	Lurøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henek (Persian: هنك‎) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Henek	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashfield cum Thorpe is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk, England, between the town of Framlingham to the East and the village of Debenham to the West.	Ashfield cum Thorpe	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gębałki (ɡɛmˈbau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wydminy, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gębałki	Gmina Wydminy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarna Średnia (ˈt͡ʂarna ˈɕrɛdɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czarna Średnia	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Imperial Abbey of Corvey or Princely Abbey of Corvey (German: Stift Corvey or Fürstabtei Corvey) was a Benedictine abbey on the River Weser, 2 km northeast of Höxter, now in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Imperial Abbey of Corvey	Höxter
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTCX is an Urban Contemporary formatted radio station in Beaumont, Texas.	KTCX	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuevo Chagres (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈnweβo ˈtʃaɣɾes), English: New Chagres) is a seaside town and corregimiento in the Colón Province of Panama, and the capital of the Chagres District.	Nuevo Chagres	Chagres District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oriental Apartments in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two-story multi-family dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Oriental Apartments	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meitze is a village in the municipality Wedemark, in Lower Saxony.	Meitze	Wedemark
located in the administrative territorial entity	D. J. Sokol Arena is a multi-purpose student recreational facility in Omaha, Nebraska.	D. J. Sokol Arena	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirmand (Persian: سيرمند‎, also Romanized as Sīrmand; also known as Qal``eh-ye Sarmad, Sarmahd, and Sīmand) is a village in Ashkara Rural District, Fareghan District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 665, in 168 families.	Sirmand	Ashkara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sequoia Hall is the home of the Statistics Department on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford, California.	Sequoia Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyatt Regency Vancouver, located at 655 Burrard Street, is a 644-room hotel connected to the Royal Centre complex in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Hyatt Regency Vancouver	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boot Monument is an American Revolutionary War memorial located in Saratoga National Historical Park, New York.	Boot Monument	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flims (Romansh: Flem) is a municipality in the district of Imboden in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Flims	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Battle is a mountain located 65 km (40 mi) northeast of Pangnirtung on Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Mount Battle	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spiegel Grove, also known as Spiegel Grove State Park, Rutherford B. Hayes House, Rutherford B. Hayes Summer Home and Rutherford B. Hayes State Memorial was the estate of Rutherford B. Hayes, the nineteenth President of the United States, located at the corner of Hayes and Buckland Avenues in Fremont, Ohio.	Spiegel Grove	Fremont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eliot Hall is a historic building at 7A Eliot Street in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts, a neighborhood of Boston.	Eliot Hall	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smith Mountain Lake Airport (FAA W91) is a privately owned airport open to the public located 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of Moneta, in Bedford County, Virginia, USA.	Smith Mountain Lake Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belph is a village or hamlet in the District of Bolsover, Derbyshire, England.	Belph	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Ramsey School is a coeducational Church of England secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the Ruislip area of the London Borough of Hillingdon, England.	Bishop Ramsey School	London Borough of Hillingdon
located in the administrative territorial entity	East London Coast Nature Reserve is a protected area in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks.	East London Coast Nature Reserve	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	WADI (95.3 FM, ``Super Country FM 95.3'') is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Corinth, Mississippi, USA.	WADI	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Domatowo (dɔmaˈtɔvɔ) (Kashubian: Domôtowò) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, Kashubia in northern Poland.	Domatowo	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čokot is a village situated in Niš municipality in Serbia.The famous actor Robert De Niro spent a few days in this village sometime in the 60s before he became a famous actor.	Čokot	Niš
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Larz (Persian: ده لرز‎; also known as Deh Laz) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Larz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Warrior River is a waterway in west-central Alabama in the southeastern United States.	Black Warrior River	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horseshoe 2 Fire was a 2011 wildfire located along the southeastern flank of the Chiricahua Mountains in southeastern Arizona.	Horseshoe 2 Fire	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebiedziew (lɛˈbʲɛd͡ʑɛf) (Ukrainian: Лебедів, Lebediv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Lebiedziew	Gmina Terespol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masparraute (Basque: Martxueta) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Masparraute	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of St. John Nepomucene is a Roman Catholic parish in Manhattan, New York City.	Church of St. John Nepomucene	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karattuppatti is a village in the Manapparai taluk, Tiruchirappalli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu	Karattuppatti	Tiruchirappalli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podgajcze (pɔdˈɡai̯t͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podgajcze	Gmina Wojciechowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	County Bridge No. 36 is a historic concrete arch bridge spanning Jacoby Creek at Portland, Northampton County, Pennsylvania.	County Bridge No. 36	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Boggy National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas (USA) in southeastern Matagorda County, south of the towns of Bay City and Wadsworth.	Big Boggy National Wildlife Refuge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Newport Christian Church is an historic church at the junction of Maine State Route 222 and Pratt Road in North Newport, Maine.	North Newport Christian Church	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crissy Marsh is a wetland area in San Francisco, California, United States.	Crissy Marsh	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	W257BQ (99.3 FM) is an American radio station serving the Charleston, South Carolina, area with a Mainstream urban format simulcast on the HD-2 channel of WMXZ.	W257BQ	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keeten-Mastgat is a body of water in the Dutch province of Zeeland.	Keeten-Mastgat	Zeeland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert Biosphere Reserve and Experimental Range is a biosphere reserve and experimental range in the western reaches of the U.S. state of Utah.	Desert Biosphere Reserve	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ's Hospital, also called The Bluecoat School, Housey and CH, is an English coeducational independent day and boarding school with Royal Charter located in the Sussex countryside just south of Horsham in Horsham District, West Sussex, UK, that follows much of public schools tradition.	Christ's Hospital	Horsham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topolica Sport Hall is a multi-purpose indoor,modern arena located in the city of Bar, Montenegro.	Topolica Sport Hall	Bar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flat Rock Speedway is a racetrack located in Ash Township, Monroe County, Michigan, though the mailing address is Flat Rock, Michigan.	Flat Rock Speedway	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Il Darrehsi (Persian: يل دره سي‎, also Romanized as Īl Darrehsī) is a village in Mulan Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Il Darrehsi	Mulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seneca County Airport (FAA LID: 16G) is a county-owned public-use airport located 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of the central business district of Tiffin, a city in Seneca County, Ohio, United States.	Seneca County Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Miami High School is a secondary school located at 8855 SW 50th Terrace in Olympia Heights, a census-designated place in Miami-Dade County, Florida, USA.	Southwest Miami High School	Miami-Dade County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avon Congregational Church is a Congregational Church building at the junction of U.S. 202 and U.S. 44 in Avon, Connecticut.	Avon Congregational Church	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abubshahar Wildlife Sanctuary (Hindi: अबूबशहर वन्यजीव अभयारण्य) is situated in Sirsa district of Haryana state, India.	Abubshahar Wildlife Sanctuary	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucy Ragsdale High School, commonly known as Ragsdale High, is a public high school in Jamestown, North Carolina.	Ragsdale High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gasht-e Rudkhan (Persian: گشترودخان‎, also Romanized as Gasht-e Rūdkhān and Gasht Rūdkhān; also known as Keshter-Khan) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gasht-e Rudkhan	Gurab Pas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Great Falls was a prehistoric proglacial lake which existed in what is now central Montana in the United States between 15,000 BCE and 11,000 BCE.	Lake Great Falls	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matinabad (Persian: متين اباد‎, also Romanized as Matīnābād) is a village in Khaledabad Rural District, Emamzadeh District, Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Matinabad	Khaledabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padworth is a lightly populated locality and civil parish in the English county of Berkshire, the nearest town to which is Tadley.	Padworth	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazmin (Persian: پازمين‎, also Romanized as Pāzmīn) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pazmin	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kubra-Przebudówka (ˈkubra pʂɛbuˈdufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytuły, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kubra-Przebudówka	Gmina Przytuły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twechar is a small former mining village in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland close to the boundary with North Lanarkshire.	Twechar	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellington C. Mepham High School is a public high school located on a 21-acre (85,000 m2) campus in Bellmore, New York.	Wellington C. Mepham High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuits (also known, though unofficially, as Nuits-sur-Armançon) is a commune in the Yonne department in Burgundy in north-central France.	Nuits	Yonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queen of the Valley Medical Center is a medical center located in Napa, California operated by St. Joseph Health System.	Queen of the Valley Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyler County Speedway is a 1/4 mile dirt oval located in Tyler County, southeast of Middlebourne, West Virginia.	Tyler County Speedway	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laliny (laˈlinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Laliny	Gmina Borowie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westbrook Public Schools is the school district created to serve the public education needs of Westbrook, Connecticut.	Westbrook Public Schools	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atcham is a village, ecclesiastical parish and civil parish in Shropshire, England.	Atcham	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavehsoltani (Persian: گوه سلطاني‎, also Romanized as Gavehsolṭānī) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gavehsoltani	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Salar (Persian: حسن ابادسالار‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Sālār; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Salar	Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łubna-Jakusy (ˈwubna jaˈkusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łubna-Jakusy	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tricerro (Trisser in Piedmontese) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Turin and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Vercelli.	Tricerro	Province of Vercelli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qesh Robat (Persian: قشرباط‎, also Romanized as Qesh Robāţ and Qosh Robāţ; also known as Qashrābād) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qesh Robat	Pain Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vesiyeh Sar (Persian: وسيه سر‎, also Romanized as Vesīyeh Sar; also known as Vesī Sar and Vesyeh Sar) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vesiyeh Sar	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKZY (92.9 FM) is an American radio station, licensed to Chilton, Wisconsin, and transmitting from the Lake Winnebago community of Stockbridge to provide a city-grade signal to both Oshkosh and the Fox Cities.	WKZY	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastham Windmill, located in Eastham, Massachusetts, is the oldest windmill on Cape Cod. It was constructed by Eastham resident Thomas Paine in Plymouth in 1680.	Eastham Windmill	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maciejki (maˈt͡ɕei̯ki) (German Blumenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Maciejki	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chester Heights Camp Meeting Historic District is a historic Methodist camp meeting and national historic district located at Chester Heights, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Chester Heights Camp Meeting Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cat Stane, or Catstane, is an inscribed standing stone near Kirkliston, on the outskirts of Edinburgh, in Scotland.	Cat Stane	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czechowizna (t͡ʂɛxɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czechowizna	Gmina Knyszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korlino (kɔrˈlinɔ) (formerly German Körlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Korlino	Gmina Postomino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beddgelert (English: Gelert's Grave), is a village and community in the Snowdonia area of Gwynedd, Wales.	Beddgelert	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Budawang Range, commonly called The Budawangs, a rugged mountain range within the Budawang National Park and the Morton National Park, are part of a spur off the Great Dividing Range and are located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Budawang Range	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flotta is a small island in Orkney, Scotland, lying in Scapa Flow.	Flotta	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evans Island is an island in the Prince William Sound of southern Alaska.	Evans Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Geophysical Institute of the University of Alaska Fairbanks conducts research into space physics and aeronomy; atmospheric sciences; snow, ice, and permafrost; seismology; volcanology; and tectonics and sedimentation.	Geophysical Institute	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkby Thore is a small village, civil parish and hill in Cumbria, England at grid reference NY639257.	Kirkby Thore	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKAY-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic hits format at 91.7 FM, licensed to Gibsons, British Columbia with studios in Sechelt.	CKAY-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelton Intermediate School (SIS) is a Blue Ribbon coeducational secondary school located in Shelton, Connecticut, United States.	Shelton Intermediate School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karniszyn (karˈniʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieżuń, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Karniszyn	Gmina Bieżuń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Yirkie Lake is a small, bottle shaped lake in Ontario.	Little Yirkie Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broszęcin-Kolonia (brɔˈʂɛnt͡ɕin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnia, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Broszęcin-Kolonia	Gmina Rząśnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angell Hall is an academic building at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.	Angell Hall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yule Brook College formerly Maddington Senior High School is an Public middle school in Western Australia.	Yule Brook College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otterden is a civil parish and village on the Kent Downs in the borough of Maidstone in Kent, England.	Otterden	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polesiny (pɔlɛˈɕinɨ) (German: Jägersfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Polesiny	Gmina Widuchowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flushing Town Hall is a historic Town Hall located in the Flushing section of the New York City borough of Queens.	Flushing Town Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrdan (Persian: شهردان‎, also Romanized as Shahrdān; also known as Shahrdūn) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahrdan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khiali Chehlan Wali (also spelled as Khiali Chahlan Wali or Khiali Chehlanwali) is a village in Mansa district of East Punjab.	Khiali Chehlan Wali	Mansa district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberlie House at 122-124 East North Avenue in the Central Northside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was likely built circa 1880.	Aberlie House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Molton is a village, parish and former manor in north Devon, England.	North Molton	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedziana (mjɛˈd͡ʑana) (German: Küpper) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Miedziana	Gmina Sulików
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narayanpet is a Municipal town and Revenue Division in Mahbubnagar district of the Indian state of Telangana.	Narayanpet	Mahbubnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uwais al-Qarni Mosque (Arabic: مسجد أويس القرني) was a Shi'ite mosque in Ar-Raqqah, Syria.	Uwais al-Qarni Mosque	Ar-Raqqah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warrensville Heights High School is a public high school located in Warrensville Heights, Ohio (USA), east of Cleveland.	Warrensville Heights High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Qasem Ali (Persian: دره قاسمعلي‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Qāsem ``Alī) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 16 families.	Darreh-ye Qasem Ali	Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maungakiekie-Tāmaki Local Board is one of the 21 local boards of the Auckland Council, which replaced Auckland's eight councils on 1 November 2010.	Maungakiekie-Tāmaki Local Board	Auckland Council
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cullman High School is the largest public high school in the city of Cullman, Alabama as well as Cullman County, Alabama.	Cullman High School	Alabama	Cullman County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taraz-e Khaki (Persian: طرازخاكي‎, also Romanized as Ţarāz-e Khākī; also known as Ţarāz-e Khālī) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taraz-e Khaki	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Barn Theatre was a small theater founded by actress, producer and theater impresario Lucille Lortel on the property of her estate in Norwalk, Connecticut that premiered numerous plays from major playwrights and plays that went on to successful Broadway and Off-Broadway runs.	White Barn Theatre	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swansea Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Swansea, Massachusetts.	Swansea Mall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seven Dolors Catholic Church is a Catholic church in Manhattan, Kansas, United States, and is the see of the Seven Dolors Parish, which also contains Saint Patrick's Church in Ogden.	Seven Dolors Catholic Church	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burchell Lake is a ghost town in the Canadian province of Ontario, located behind a locked gate at the southern end of Highway 802 in the Thunder Bay District.	Burchell Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popielżyn-Zawady (pɔˈpjɛlʐɨn zaˈvadɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Popielżyn-Zawady	Gmina Joniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith Park is a park in Middletown, Connecticut, USA, which was acquired by the town in 1974.	Smith Park	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wesser Bald is a summit located in Macon County, North Carolina near the community of Wesser.	Wesser Bald	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avondale College has two campuses, the Lake Macquarie campus being the primary campus situated in Cooranbong, New South Wales.	Avondale College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	20 Forthlin Road is a National Trust property in Allerton in south Liverpool, Merseyside, England.	20 Forthlin Road	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyf Mahalleh (Persian: سيف محله‎, also Romanized as Seyf Maḩalleh and Seyfmaḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Seyf Mahalleh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Vista National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located in southern Colorado.	Monte Vista National Wildlife Refuge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Bad (Persian: بنه باد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Bād; also known as Banehābād and Bonehābād) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Bad	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amaranth Wind Farm, also known as the Melancthon EcoPower Centre, is a 199.5 megawatt (MW) wind farm in Amaranth and Melancthon Township, near Shelburne, Ontario.	Amaranth Wind Farm	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scano di Montiferro (Sardinian: Iscanu) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Oristano.	Scano di Montiferro	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wofford College, established in 1854, is an independent, national liberal arts college of around 1,580 students located in downtown Spartanburg, South Carolina, United States.	Wofford College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Scott Farm is a historic farmstead near the community of Shandon, Ohio, United States.	John Scott Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lavezzi Islands (French: Îles Lavezzi; Corsican: Isuli Lavezzi) form a small archipelago of granite islands and reefs in the Strait of Bonifacio that separates Corsica from Sardinia in the Mediterranean Sea.	Lavezzi Islands	Bonifacio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darabad-e Shahzadeh (Persian: درابدشاهزاده‎, also Romanized as Darābād-e Shāhzadeh; also known as Darābād-e Emām and Darbābād-e Shāzdeh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darabad-e Shahzadeh	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Hill Recreation Ground is a 15 acres (6.1 ha) park near the centre of Croydon, Greater London, managed by the London Borough of Croydon.	Park Hill Recreation Ground	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorham Airport (FAA LID: 2G8) is a private airport located in Gorham, New Hampshire, one mile (1.6 km) north-west of the central business district (CBD) of Gorham, in Coos County, New Hampshire, USA.	Gorham Airport	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Creek Recreation Area is a recreation area located inside Alexander State Forest in Rapides Parish near Woodworth, Louisiana.	Indian Creek Recreation Area	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atigh Jame' Mosque is a 9th-century mosque in Shiraz, the capital of Fars Province, Iran.	Atigh Jame' Mosque	Shiraz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid Coast Hospital is a full-service community hospital located in the heart of Maine's Midcoast region.	Mid Coast Hospital	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cottey College, located in Nevada, Missouri is an independent, liberal arts and sciences college for women.	Cottey College	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klejnówko (klɛi̯ˈnufkɔ) (German: Gut Klenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Klejnówko	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 1008 Beacon Street in Newton, Massachusetts is a well-preserved suburban Shingle/Colonial Revival house.	House at 1008 Beacon Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moczysko (mɔˈt͡ʂɨskɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Moczysko	Gmina Nidzica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schrassig (Luxembourgish: Schraasseg pronounced (ˈʃʁaːsəɕ)) is a town in the commune of Schuttrange, in the south-east of Luxembourg.	Schrassig	Schuttrange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Mourão Vieira Filho, usually known as Estádio da Rua Bariri, is a football stadium in Olaria neighborhood, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Estádio da Rua Bariri	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bennink-Douglas Cottages are a collection of four historic workers' cottages on 35-51 Walker Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Bennink-Douglas Cottages	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gębarzewko (ɡɛmbaˈʐɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniejewo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gębarzewko	Gmina Czerniejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Hood Medical Center Heliport (FAA LID: 56OR) is a private heliport located two miles northeast of Gresham in Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.	Mount Hood Medical Center Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kar Nam (Persian: كارنام‎, also Romanized as Kār Nām; also known as Gornām-e Soflá, Kārnām-e Pā’īn, and Kārnām-e Soflá) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kar Nam	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLIB (1110 AM) is a radio station that broadcasts from Roseville, California, and serves Sacramento.	KLIB	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roncello is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Milan.	Roncello	Province of Monza and Brianza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lachenar (Persian: لاچنار‎, also Romanized as Lāchenār) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Lachenar	Manj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayeux (French pronunciation: ​(bajø)) is a commune in the Calvados department in Normandy in northwestern France.	Bayeux	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Pregny, sometimes referred to as the Rothschild Castle, is a castle in the municipality of Pregny-Chambésy of the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland.	Château de Pregny	Pregny-Chambésy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of California, San Diego is a graduate-level pharmacy school offering five educational programs:	Skaggs School of Pharmacy	California	San Diego
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nokhar is a small town/village and union council in Tehsil Nowshera Virkan, Gujranwala District, Punjab province, Pakistan.	Nokhar	Gujranwala District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Henry House is a historic building located on the campus of Princeton University in Princeton, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Joseph Henry House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Brzozowo (ˈnɔvɛ bʐɔˈzɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Brzozowo	Gmina Dzierzgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carl Sandburg State Historic Site was the birthplace and boyhood home of author Carl Sandburg in Galesburg, Illinois.	Carl Sandburg State Historic Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Irwindale Event Center (aka Irwindale Speedway and Irwindale Dragstrip) is a motorsports facility located in Irwindale, California, United States.	Irwindale Event Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellingwedde (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌbɛlɪŋˈʋɛdə)) is a municipality with a population of 9,039 in the province Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands.	Bellingwedde	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grizzly Creek Redwoods State Park is a state park of California, USA, harboring groves of coast redwoods in three separate units along the Van Duzen River.	Grizzly Creek Redwoods State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tsama Pueblo is a Tewa Pueblo ancestral site in an address-restricted area of Abiquiú, New Mexico.	Tsama Pueblo	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragteng Gewog (Dzongkha: བྲག་སྟེང་) is a gewog (village block) of Trongsa District, Bhutan.	Dragteng Gewog	Trongsa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beck Center for the Arts in Lakewood, Ohio, is a non-profit, performing arts and arts education organization.	Beck Center for the Arts	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gäuboden (also referred to in German as the Dungau) is a region in Lower Bavaria in southern Germany without any clear geographic or cultural boundaries, that covers an area about 15 kilometres wide south of the River Danube and the Bavarian Forest, beginning opposite Wörth an der Donau and stretching as far as Künzing.	Gäuboden	Lower Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chekor Chaman (Persian: چكرچمن‎, also Romanized as Chakūr Chaman and Chokor Chamanī) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chekor Chaman	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swędrówka (sfɛnˈdrufka) (German: Zandersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Swędrówka	Gmina Bisztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark is a sports site in the Prenzlauer Berg district of Berlin.	Friedrich-Ludwig-Jahn-Sportpark	Prenzlauer Berg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartlett Lake is a reservoir that was formed by the damming of the Verde River in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Bartlett Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piławki (piˈwafki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Miłomłyn, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piławki	Gmina Miłomłyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince of Wales Hotel, Niagara-on-the-Lake is a historic Victorian hotel in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario.	Prince of Wales Hotel, Niagara-on-the-Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nelliyampathy (also spelled Nelliampathi) is a hill station 60 kilometres (37 mi) from Palakkad, state of Kerala, India.	Nelliampathi	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berdychiv (Ukrainian: Бердичів, Polish: Berdyczów, Russian: Берди́чев, Yiddish: בערדיטשעוו, translit. Berditshev) is a historic city in the Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Berdychiv	Zhytomyr Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardapy (arˈdapɨ) (German: Ardappen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Ardapy	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Creek Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in southwest Austin, Texas in the United States, near the intersection of Texas State Highway Loop 1 and Texas State Highway Loop 360.	Barton Creek Square	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skelton Grange Power Station was a power station serving the city of Leeds and the surrounding areas.	Skelton Grange Power Station	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqdaraq-e Qadim (Persian: اق درق قديم‎, also Romanized as Āqdaraq-e Qadīm; also known as Āgh Daraq-e Qadīm) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqdaraq-e Qadim	Peyghan Chayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. James Ferguson Office is a historic medical office building located at Glens Falls, Warren County, New York.	Dr. James Ferguson Office	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfavut (Persian: الفاوت‎, also Romanized as Alfāvūt, Alfāāvot, Alfāūt, Alfāūūt, Alfavet, Alfāvet, and Alfāvot) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Alfavut	Tork-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlotte Motor Speedway, formerly Lowe's Motor Speedway, is a motorsports complex located in Concord, North Carolina, United States 13 miles (21 km) from Charlotte, North Carolina.	Charlotte Motor Speedway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baudartius College is a Dutch Protestant secondary school in Zutphen, named after the theologian Willem Baudartius.	Baudartius College	Zutphen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banamba is the capital of Banamba Cercle, one of the seven Cercles of the Koulikoro Region of Mali.	Banamba	Koulikoro Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nor Kharberd (Armenian: Նոր Խարբերդ) is a major village in the Ararat Province of Armenia, located 4 kilometers south of Yerevan.	Nor Kharberd	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherepovets (Russian: Череповец; IPA: (tɕɪrʲɪpɐˈvʲɛts)) is a city in Vologda Oblast, Russia, located in the west of the oblast on the banks of the Sheksna River (a tributary of the Volga River) and on the shores of the Rybinsk Reservoir.	Cherepovets	Vologda Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roland Cooper State Park was a 236-acre (96 ha) publicly owned recreation area located six miles north of Camden, Alabama, along the eastern shore of the William ``Bill'' Dannelly Reservoir, a 22,000-acre (8,900 ha) impoundment of the Alabama River known locally as the Millers Ferry Reservoir.	Roland Cooper State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łuba Druga (ˈwuba ˈdruɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łuba Druga	Gmina Włocławek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collins Lake, previously known as Virginia Ranch Reservoir during its construction, is a freshwater man-made lake with 1,009 acres (4.08 km2) located in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada Mountains north of Sacramento, California.	Collins Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trenton Cenotaph is a memorial dedicated to the ``fallen of all conflicts'' located in Trenton, Ontario, Canada.	Trenton Cenotaph	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Officially known and signposted as East Kimberley Regional Airport (IATA: KNX, ICAO: YPKU), it is more commonly referred to locally as Kununurra Airport an airport in Kununurra, Western Australia.	East Kimberley Regional Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nový Žďár (German: Neuenbrand) is a small border village in Karlovy Vary Region, Czech Republic; it is one of the districts of Aš.	Nový Žďár	Aš
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Qing tombs (Chinese: 清西陵; pinyin: Qīng Xī líng) are located some 140 km (87 mi) southwest of Beijing in Yi County, Hebei Province.	Western Qing tombs	Yi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Women's Improvement Club of Hueneme, located at 239 E. Scott St. in Port Hueneme, California, is a historic club whose building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Women's Improvement Club of Hueneme	Port Hueneme
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arick Village, Texas is the unofficial name of a portion of the Terlingua Ranch unincorporated community located in Brewster County, Texas.	Arick Village, Texas	Brewster County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Maloya is the largest lake of three in Sugarite Canyon State Park on the New Mexico-Colorado State border, northeast of Raton, New Mexico.	Lake Maloya	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tash Nafas (Persian: تش نفس‎) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tash Nafas	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harold and Mary Jean Hanson Rare Book Collection is supported by the Special & Area Studies Collections in the George A. Smathers Libraries at the University of Florida.	Harold and Mary Jean Hanson Rare Book Collection	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Irwin National Training Center is a major training area for the United States Military and is a census-designated place located in the Mojave Desert in northern San Bernardino County, California.	Fort Irwin National Training Center	San Bernardino County
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKNS (1310 AM) was an American radio station licensed to Corrales, New Mexico, and served the Albuquerque metropolitan area.	KKNS	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Campo Desportivo (simplified Chinese: 澳门运动场; traditional Chinese: 澳門運動場; pinyin: Àomén Yùndòngchǎng,Macau Stadium) is a multi-purpose stadium in Taipa, Macau.	Estádio Campo Desportivo	Taipa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skigersta (Scottish Gaelic: Sgiogarstaigh) is a village to the south east of Ness on the Isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Skigersta	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Baker Dam is a dam spanning the Baker River in northern Washington in the United States of America.	Upper Baker Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Puig de sa Morisca Archaeological Park is an archaeological park located in Santa Ponsa in the municipality of Calvià on the island of Majorca, part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands.	Puig de sa Morisca Archaeological Park	Calvià	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galu Kuh (Persian: گلوكوه‎, also Romanized as Galū Kūh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Galu Kuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berwickshire is a lieutenancy area and historic county in the Scottish Borders.	Berwickshire	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunnyvale Public Library is a mid-sized public library serving the city of Sunnyvale, California, USA.	Sunnyvale Public Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer School stands in an isolated location in Park County, Wyoming, about 8 miles (13 km) north of Clark, in the Clark Fork Valley near the Montana border.	Pioneer School	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caney Springs Cumberland Presbyterian Church is a historic church at the junction of Arkansas Highway 289 and Izard County Road 70 (Walter Hall Road), near Sage, Arkansas.	Caney Springs Cumberland Presbyterian Church	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meteș (German: Mettischdorf; Hungarian: Metesd) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Meteș	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfihangelesgeifiog (Welsh: Llanfihangel Ysgeifiog) is a village and a community in Anglesey, Wales, east of Llangefni.	Llanfihangelesgeifiog	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pires do Rio is a municipality in Goiás state, Brazil.	Pires do Rio	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Oqab (Persian: ابوعقاب‎, also Romanized as Abū ``Oqāb; also known as Bāgābb) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 704, in 160 families.	Abu Oqab	Minubar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwersyllt (pronounced (ɡwɛrsɪɬt)) is an urban village and a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales.	Gwersyllt	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Lohikan is a sleep-away summer camp in The Poconos in Lake Como, Pennsylvania.	Camp Lohikan	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The small village of Buntenbock lies on the plateau of the Harz mountains in Germany and is part of the mining and university town of Clausthal-Zellerfeld.	Buntenbock	Clausthal-Zellerfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lohgarh is a village in Notified Area Committee of Zirakpur in district Mohali in state of Punjab in India Lohgarh was capital of first Sikh state under Banda Singh Bahadur from years 1710-1715.	Lohgarh	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	B Bond Warehouse (grid reference ST570720) is a former bonded warehouse built to serve Bristol Harbour.	B Bond Warehouse	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Hunt High School was a public secondary school near Alexandria, Virginia located at 8428 Fort Hunt Road.	Fort Hunt High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenar-e Arabha (Persian: چنارعربها‎, also Romanized as Chenār-e ``Arabhā) is a village in Tarrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 330, in 93 families.	Chenar-e Arabha	Tarrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oszczów (ˈɔʂt͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Oszczów	Gmina Dołhobyczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rippon Lea Estate is a historic property located in Elsternwick, Victoria, Australia.	Rippon Lea Estate	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angulvar (Persian: انگولور‎, also Romanized as Angūlvar; also known as Angolbar) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Angulvar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szymbory-Włodki (ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ ˈvwɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szymbory-Włodki	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid-State Regional Airport (ICAO: KPSB, FAA LID: PSB) (Mid-State Airport) is a small airport in Rush Township, Centre County in Pennsylvania.	Mid-State Regional Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mosfellsbær is a town in south-west Iceland, situated some 12 kilometres (7 miles) east of the country's capital, Reykjavík.	Mosfellsbær	Iceland
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Cesareo in Palatio or San Caesareo de Appia is a titular church in Rome, near the beginning of the Appian Way.	San Cesareo in Palatio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orgita (German: Rosenthal) is a settlement in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.	Orgita	Märjamaa Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milingimbi Island also Yurruwi is the largest island of the Crocodile Islands group off the coast of Arnhem Land, Northern Territory, Australia.	Milingimbi Island	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ney Kola (Persian: ني كلا‎, also Romanized as Ney Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ney Kola	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berri Street (French: Rue Berri) is a major north-south street located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Berri Street	Montreal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Branch Laramie River is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) tributary of the Laramie River in Larimer County, Colorado The river's source is Island Lake in the Rawah Wilderness.	West Branch Laramie River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rotherwick is a small village situated in the Hart district of Hampshire, England.	Rotherwick	Hart
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jakobshorn (2,590 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps, overlooking Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Jakobshorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barbarossa chandelier (German: Barbarossaleuchter) was made on the order of Emperor Frederick I, nicknamed Barbarossa, and his wife Beatrice sometime between 1165 and 1170 and was installed under the cupola of the Palatine Chapel in Aachen Cathedral.	Barbarossa chandelier	Aachen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auvergne (French pronunciation: (ovɛʁɲ); Occitan: Auvèrnhe / Auvèrnha) is a former administrative region of France.	Auvergne	France
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamand Khaleseh Vadan (Persian: همندخالصه وادان‎, also Romanized as Hamand Khāleṣeh Vādān) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hamand Khaleseh Vadan	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Accotink Bay Wildlife Refuge is a nature preserve on the grounds of Fort Belvoir in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.	Accotink Bay Wildlife Refuge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yungpaw Ga is a river village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	Yungpaw Ga	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melksham Without is a civil parish in the county of Wiltshire, England.	Melksham Without	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonkersland (West Frisian: Jonkerslân) is a village consisting of around 296 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Jonkersland	Opsterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grauże Stare (ˈɡrau̯ʐɛ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Grauże Stare	Gmina Szypliszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Łaszczowa (ˈvɔla waʂˈt͡ʂɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wola Łaszczowa	Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northland Center was a shopping mall on an approximately 159-acre (64 ha) site located at the intersection of Northwestern Highway and Greenfield Road in the City of Southfield, Michigan, an inner-ring suburb of Detroit, Michigan, United States.	Northland Center	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orthodox Meetinghouse, also known as the Birmingham Orthodox Meeting House, is a historic Quaker meetinghouse in Birmingham Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania that was built in 1845 as a result of the Hicksite-Orthodox split in the Society of Friends.	Orthodox Meetinghouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narragansett Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 1567 N. Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts, United States.	Narragansett Mills	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dennewitz is a village of Germany, in the federal state and old Prussian province of Brandenburg, near Jüterbog, 40 km. S.W. from Berlin.	Dennewitz	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alikhan Beyki (Persian: علي خان بيكي‎, also Romanized as ``Alīkhān Beykī, ``Alīkhān Beygī and ``Alījān Beygī) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 5 families.	Alikhan Beyki	Qahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irthington is a village and civil parish within the City of Carlisle district in Cumbria, England, situated to the north-east of Carlisle Lake District Airport.	Irthington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trinity Presbyterian School is a Christian day school located in Montgomery, Alabama.	Trinity Presbyterian School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Eyd (Persian: چاه عيد‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e ``Eyd) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208, in 51 families.	Chah-e Eyd	Qaleh Ganj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bell's Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Free State province, South Africa, on the R73 road between Winburg and Bloemfontein (South Africa).	Bell's Pass	Free State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colongra Gas Generation Plant (also known as Colongra Power Station) is a 667MW gas-fired power station located in Colongra, New South Wales, Australia and is the largest gas-fired power station in New South Wales which will be used during peak loads in New South Wales.	Colongra Power Station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beverly Country Club, located in the American city of Chicago, Illinois, is one of Chicago's historical cornerstones.	Beverly Country Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubicze Osoczne (duˈbʲit͡ʂɛ ɔˈsɔt͡ʂnɛ) (Ukrainian: Дубичі Осочні, Dubychi Osochni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Dubicze Osoczne	Gmina Hajnówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harmony Chapel and Cemetery (also known as ``Harmony Meeting House'' or ``Harmony Cemetery'') are a historic church and cemetery in Harmony, Rhode Island, a village in Glocester.	Harmony Chapel and Cemetery	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohima district (pron:/ˈkəʊhɪˌmɑː or kəʊˈhiːmə/) is a district of Nagaland state in India.	Kohima district	Nagaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Hotel Opduin is a Dutch hotel located in the Dunes of Texel National Park.	Grand Hotel Opduin	Texel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasani Pacher (Persian: حسني پاچر‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanī Pācher; also known as Ḩasanī and Ḩasanī Pāshīr) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasani Pacher	Doshman Ziari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newellton Airport (FAA LID: 9M2) is a public use airport in Tensas Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Newellton Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandywine Park is the first city park established by the city of Wilmington, Delaware.	Brandywine Park	Wilmington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcinki (marˈt͡ɕinki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Marcinki	Gmina Kobyla Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tim River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Tim River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toumey Woods, also called the Toumey Woodlot, is a 24-acre (9.7 ha) tract of Beech-maple forest located on the campus of Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan.	Toumey Woods	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulran District is situated in northwestern part of Herat province, Afghanistan and borders Iran to the west, Turkmenistan to the north, Kushk District to the east, and Zinda Jan District and Kohsan District to the south.	Gulran District	Herat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratta Matta is a town and Union council of Jhang District in the Punjab province of Pakistan located on the Jhang-Lalian road.	Ratta Matta	Jhang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Digorsky District (Russian: Диго́рский райо́н; Ossetian: Дыгуры район) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the eight in the Republic of North Ossetia-- Alania, Russia.	Digorsky District	Republic of North Ossetia-- Alania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutter Cemetery, also known South Butte Cemetery, is located in Sutter, California.	Sutter Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weston Colville is a village in South Cambridgeshire, 10 miles southeast of Cambridge and 6 miles south of Newmarket, close to the border with Suffolk.	Weston Colville	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wkra-Kolonia (ˈfkra kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wkra-Kolonia	Gmina Glinojeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Gardeh (Persian: سه گرده‎‎) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seh Gardeh	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Sarsura Pitschen (3,134 m) (Romansh: ``little Piz Sarsura'') is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located west of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Sarsura Pitschen	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grant's Canal was located near Delta, Louisiana.	Grant's Canal	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tańsk-Kiernozy (ˈtaɲsk kʲɛrˈnɔzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tańsk-Kiernozy	Gmina Dzierzgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohregh (Persian: بهرغ‎, also Romanized as Bohrogh; also known as Behrogh-e Takht and Bohregh-e Takht) is a village in Takht Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bohregh	Takht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Umtamvuna Nature Reserve is situated in South Africa on the KwaZulu-Natal side of the Mtamvuna River, and is managed by Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife.	Umtamvuna Nature Reserve	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geaca (Hungarian: Gyeke; German: Jeckel) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Geaca	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joe P. Eagle and D. R. Boone Building is a historic commercial building at 105-107 West Front Street in downtown Lonoke, Arkansas.	Joe P. Eagle and D. R. Boone Building	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Cod Airfield, (ICAO: K2B1, FAA LID: 2B1) in Marstons Mills, Massachusetts is a public airport owned by the Town of Barnstable.	Cape Cod Airfield	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Littlecote House is a large Elizabethan country house and estate in the civil parishes of Ramsbury and Chilton Foliat in the English county of Wiltshire (the latter village was formerly in Berkshire) near to Hungerford.	Littlecote House	Ramsbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dybówko (dɨˈbufkɔ) (German: Amerika) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dybówko	Gmina Prostki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głogówiec (ɡwɔˈɡuvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janikowo, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Głogówiec	Gmina Janikowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehmani (Persian: مهماني‎, also Romanized as Mehmānī; also known as Maihmāni and Mīehmanī) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mehmani	Byaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleveland Heights High School featured in the 2006 movie The Oh in Ohio that included Mischa Barton and Danny DeVito.	Cleveland Heights High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przełom (ˈpʂɛwɔm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przełom	Gmina Mniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Thanh International Airport (Vietnamese: Sân bay Quốc tế Long Thành) is an airport planned for construction in Long Thành, Đồng Nai Province, southern Vietnam.	Long Thanh International Airport	Long Thành
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryedale is a non-metropolitan district of the shire county of North Yorkshire in England.	Ryedale	North Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broad Brook Canal is a water-supply canal feeding the Springfield Reservoir (a.k.a. the Ludlow Reservoir) in Ludlow, Massachusetts, a public water supply for the city of Springfield, Massachusetts.	Broad Brook Canal	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Natchez Trace Trail is a designated National Scenic Trail in the United States whose route generally follows sections of the 444-mile (715 km) Natchez Trace Parkway through the states of Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi.	Natchez Trace Trail	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulhussey (Irish: Maol Hosae, meaning ``Hussey's Summit'') is a village in County Meath, Ireland.	Mulhussey	County Meath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berck, sometimes referred to as Berck-sur-Mer, is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.	Berck	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fergus (Vodarek Field) Aerodrome, (TC LID: CVF2), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) east northeast of Fergus, Ontario, Canada.	Fergus (Vodarek Field) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qahan (Persian: قاهان‎, also Romanized as Qāhān) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Qahan	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lopadea Nouă (Hungarian: Magyarlapád; German: Schaufeldorf) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Lopadea Nouă	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngchesar also known as ``Oldiais'' is one of the sixteen states of the small pacific island nation of Palau.	Ngchesar	Palau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ceppo Morelli is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Verbania, on the border with Switzerland.	Ceppo Morelli	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newman Theological College (NTC) is a Roman Catholic school of theology founded in 1969 by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton, Alberta.	Newman Theological College	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoopers Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CDT2) is located in Deerfield, Nova Scotia, Canada and is open from April to November.	Hoopers Lake Water Aerodrome	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sempt is a river of Bavaria, Germany.	Sempt	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neerwinden is a village in Belgium in the province of Flemish Brabant, a few miles southeast of Tienen, and is now part of the municipality of Landen.	Neerwinden	Landen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krosewo (krɔˈsɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krosewo	Gmina Lipusz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idaho State University (ISU) is a Carnegie-classified doctoral research and teaching institution in the western United States, located in Pocatello, Idaho.	Idaho State University	Pocatello
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gortnavern (Irish: Gort na bhFearn) is a small townland in County Donegal, Ireland.	Gortnavern	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulusaray or Çiftlik, in Antiquity and the early Middle Ages known as Sebastopolis (Greek: Σεβαστούπολις) or Heracleopolis (Ἡρακλειούπολις), is a town and a district of Tokat Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Sulusaray	Tokat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wear Cove is a valley in southwestern Sevier County, Tennessee.	Wear Cove	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Washington Coliseum, formerly Uline Arena, is an indoor arena in Washington, D.C. located at 1132, 1140, and 1146 3rd Street, Northeast, Washington, D.C. It was the site of the first concert by The Beatles in the United States.	Washington Coliseum	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohemian Grove is a 2,700-acre (1,100 ha) campground located at 20601 Bohemian Avenue, in Monte Rio, California, belonging to a private San Francisco-based men's art club known as the Bohemian Club.	Bohemian Grove	Monte Rio, California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Chicago Laboratory Schools (also known as Lab or Lab School and abbreviated UCLS; the upper classes are nicknamed U-High) is a private, co-educational day school in Chicago, Illinois.	University of Chicago Laboratory Schools	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Meredith Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at West Meredith in Delaware County, New York, United States.	West Meredith Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Armory-Latisona Building (also known as the ``Mihlbaugh Building'') is a historic armory on South Main Street in Lima, Ohio, United States.	Armory-Latisona Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salman Sheykha (Persian: سلمان شيخا‎‎, also Romanized as Salmān Sheykhā) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Salman Sheykha	Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitzgerald Field House is a 4,122-seat multi-purpose athletic venue on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Fitzgerald Field House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barlestone is a village and civil parish in the Hinckley and Bosworth district of Leicestershire, England.	Barlestone	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paterson Armory, an armory in Paterson, New Jersey, was a facility of the New Jersey National Guard and an arena.	Paterson Armory	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Underbarrow is a small village in Cumbria, England, located 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Kendal.	Underbarrow	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Acharnes Railway Center (Greek: Σιδηροδρομικό Κέντρο Αχαρνών) or SKA is a two-level railway station in the north of the Athens Metropolitan Area in the municipality of Acharnes, where some important railway lines converge.	Acharnes Railway Center	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dead Horse Bay is a small water body off Barren Island between the Gerritsen Inlet and Rockaway Inlet in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.	Dead Horse Bay	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pamikh (Persian: پاميخ‎, also Romanized as Pāmīkh; also known as Pā’emī and Yā’emī) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pamikh	Qaleh Ganj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Șugag (German: Schugag; Hungarian: Sugág) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Șugag	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gushtin (Persian: گوشتين‎, also Romanized as Gūshtīn; also known as Gushtun and Kushtān) is a village in Sohrevard Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Gushtin	Sohrevard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh Shir (Persian: خانه شير‎, also Romanized as Khāneh Shīr; also known as Khanashir, Kūhanashahr, Kuhnashahr, and Kūneh Shahr) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khaneh Shir	Mehmandust Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Savannah River Site (SRS) is a nuclear reservation in the United States in the state of South Carolina, located on land in Aiken, Allendale and Barnwell Counties adjacent to the Savannah River, 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Augusta, Georgia.	Savannah River Site	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oploo was a separate municipality until 1821, when it merged with Sint Anthonis en Ledeacker to form the new municipality of Oploo, Sint Anthonis en Ledeacker.	Oploo	Sint Anthonis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahallah Bagh-e Bala (Persian: محله باغ بالا‎, also Romanized as Maḩallah Bāgh-e Bālā) is a village in Lajran Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Mahallah Bagh-e Bala	Lajran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since a new Helen Hayes Theatre now exists in Manhattan, the Fulton Theatre is now sometimes referred to as the First Helen Hayes Theatre.	Fulton Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khazang (Persian: خازنگ‎, also Romanized as Khāzang) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khazang	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garwolewo (ɡarvɔˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Garwolewo	Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Creek Lake is a reservoir located 8 miles (13 km) southwest of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA) in the Mountain Creek area of the city.	Mountain Creek Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Sag Koshteh (Persian: دره سگ كشته‎; also known as Darreh-ye Shīr Koshteh) is a village in Anarestan Rural District, Chenar Shahijan District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Sag Koshteh	Anarestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Poleh-ye Tudar (Persian: سرپله تودار‎‎, also Romanized as Sar Poleh-ye Tūdār; also known as Sar Poleh and Sar Peleh-ye Nowdār) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sar Poleh-ye Tudar	Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blanerne Castle is the remains of a 16th-century fortified house, located in the grounds of Blanerne House, an 18th-century country house between Chirnside and Preston in the Scottish Borders.	Blanerne Castle	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Dorset (Inuktitut: Kinngait (high mountain); Syllabics: ᑭᙵᐃᑦ) is an Inuit hamlet located on Dorset Island near Foxe Peninsula at the southern tip of Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Cape Dorset	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maran-e Sofla (Persian: مران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Marān-e Soflá and Marrān-e Soflá) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Maran-e Sofla	Kani Shirin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soborzyce (sɔbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Zielona, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Soborzyce	Gmina Dąbrowa Zielona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khak Beh Tiyeh (Persian: خاكبتيه‎, also Romanized as Khāk Beh Tīyeh, Khākbetīyeh, Khāk Betyeh, and Khāk Petyeh) is a village in Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khak Beh Tiyeh	Pishkuh-e Zalaqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Vicente Reservoir is a reservoir created by the San Vicente Dam in San Diego County, California.	San Vicente Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariz-e Bala (Persian: كاريزبالا‎, also Romanized as Kārīz-e Bālā) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kariz-e Bala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalgaon Jamod is a tehsil and a municipal council town situated in the north of Buldhana district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Jalgaon Jamod	Buldhana district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The De Long Mountains are a mountain range in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	De Long Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarkiln School (also misspelled as Tarklin School), is a historic school building at 245 Summer Street in Duxbury, Massachusetts.	Tarkiln School	Duxbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centralia College, an institution of higher learning located in Centralia, Washington, is a two-year institution and in 2012 began offering a Bachelor of Applied Science in Applied Management degree (BAS-AM) and now offers a Bachelor of Applied Science in Diesel Technology (BAS-D).	Centralia College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Kamareh (Persian: چشمه كمره‎) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Kamareh	Nurabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mihalț (German: Michelsdorf; Hungarian: Mihálcfalva) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Mihalț	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Branch Wading River is a 22.7-mile-long (36.5 km) tributary of the Wading River in Burlington County in the southern New Jersey Pine Barrens in the United States.	West Branch Wading River	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osiek Łużycki (ˈɔɕek wuˈʐɨt͡ski) (German: Wendisch Ossig, 1937-45: Warnsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgorzelec, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Osiek Łużycki	Gmina Zgorzelec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orman House (built in 1838) is a Florida State Park and historic site located in Apalachicola, in northwestern Florida.	Orman House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tymianki-Okunie (tɨˈmjaŋki ɔˈkuɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tymianki-Okunie	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będzymin (bɛnˈd͡zɨmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Będzymin	Gmina Żuromin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niewiarowo-Sochy (ɲevjaˈrɔvɔ ˈsɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Niewiarowo-Sochy	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rastehi (Persian: راسته ائ‎, also Romanized as Rāsteh’ī) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Rastehi	Hudian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fish Springs Range is a 16-mile (26 km) long narrow, and north-trending mountain range located in center-west Juab County, Utah.	Fish Springs Range	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalyan Saz (Persian: قليانساز‎, also Romanized as Qalyān Sāz) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qalyan Saz	Seyyedan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Betty and Milton Katz Jewish Community Center (locally known as the Katz JCC, the JCC, or ``the J'') is a Jewish Community Center located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey.	Betty and Milton Katz Jewish Community Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xrobb l-Għaġin Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' Xrobb l-Għaġin), originally known as Torre di Siuarep, is a ruined watchtower in Xrobb l-Għaġin, limits of Marsaxlokk, Malta.	Xrobb l-Għaġin Tower	Marsaxlokk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolahi (Persian: كلاهي‎, also Romanized as Kolāhī) is a village in Tiab Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kolahi	Tiab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Årjäng Municipality (Årjängs kommun) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden, bordering Norway.	Årjäng Municipality	Värmland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorncliffe Park Raceway was a racetrack in Leaside, Ontario, Canada that operated from 1917 until 1952.	Thorncliffe Park Raceway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottmarsheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France, on Highway 9 just across the Rhein River from its terminus at the German Autobahn Steinenstadt interchange.	Ottmarsheim	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	University of Upper Alsace (French Université de Haute-Alsace, UHA) is a multidisciplinary teaching and research centre based in the two cities of Mulhouse and Colmar.	University of Upper Alsace	Mulhouse	Colmar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Troitsky Administrative Okrug (Russian: Троицкий административный округ), is one of the twelve administrative okrugs of Moscow.	Troitsky Administrative Okrug	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Countess Cross is a hamlet in the civil parish of Colne Engaine, near the town of Halstead in the Braintree district, in the English county of Essex.	Countess Cross	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hubkiv (Ukrainian: Губків) is a village in Berezne Raion, Rivne Oblast, Ukraine.	Hubkiv	Berezne Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fisherville Historic District is a historic district encompassing one of the four 19th century industrial villages of Grafton, Massachusetts.	Fisherville Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chinese Aviation Museum (simplified Chinese: 中国航空博物馆; traditional Chinese: 中國航空博物館; pinyin: Zhōngguó Hángkōng Bówùguǎn), sometimes referred to as the China Aviation Museum and the Datangshan Aviation Museum (due to its location adjacent to the mountain of the same name), is an aviation museum close to Beijing in China.	Chinese Aviation Museum	Datangshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westminster Abbey, formally titled the Collegiate Church of St Peter at Westminster, is a large, mainly Gothic abbey church in the City of Westminster, London, located just to the west of the Palace of Westminster.	Westminster Abbey	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heaviest Corner on Earth is a promotional name given to the corner of 20th Street and 1st Avenue North in Birmingham, Alabama, United States, in the early 20th century.	Heaviest Corner on Earth	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yord-e Jamal (Persian: يردجمال‎, also Romanized as Yord-e Jamāl; also known as Yūrd-e Jamāl) is a village in Balesh Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Yord-e Jamal	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ötztal Alps (German: Ötztaler Alpen, Italian: Alpi Venoste) are a mountain range in the Central Eastern Alps, in the State of Tyrol in southern Austria and the Province of South Tyrol in northern Italy.	Ötztal Alps	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Santa Paula y Saticoy was a 17,773-acre (71.92 km2) Mexican land grant in the Santa Clara River Valley, in present-day Ventura County, California, and granted in 1843 by Governor Manuel Micheltorena to Manuel Jimeno Casarin.	Rancho Santa Paula y Saticoy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teresin-Karczma (tɛˈrɛɕin ˈkart͡ʂma) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianka, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Teresin-Karczma	Gmina Trzcianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Innerbelt Bridge was a truss arch bridge in Cleveland, Ohio carrying Interstate 90/Innerbelt Freeway over the Cuyahoga River.	Innerbelt Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewis Wetzel Wildlife Management Area (WMA) is located in Wetzel County, West Virginia, USA, about 0.75 miles (1.21 km) south of Jacksonburg on County Route 82.	Lewis Wetzel Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerry's Nugget Casino is a casino in North Las Vegas, Nevada, privately owned and operated by the Stamis family, with 24,000 square feet (2,200 m2) of gaming space.	Jerry's Nugget	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansingville is a traditional neighborhood in Youngstown, Ohio.	Lansingville	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dachuan District (Chinese: 达川区) is a district of Dazhou in northeastern Sichuan province.	Dachuan District	Dazhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windsor Green is a hamlet in the civil parish of Cockfield, in the Babergh District of the county of Suffolk, England.	Windsor Green	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valashed-e Pain (Persian: ولاشدپائين‎, also Romanized as Valāshed-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valashed-e Pain	Qareh Toghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Kalut (Persian: كلاته كلوت‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Kalūt) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Kalut	Kuh Hamayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sandy Co-Op Block, located at 8750 South Center St. (150 East), in Sandy, Utah, was built in 1889.	Sandy Co-Op Block	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams Island Dam is located on the James River in the independent city of Richmond, Virginia.	Williams Island Dam	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarendon Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 4M8) is a city owned, public use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) southwest of the central business district of Clarendon, a city in Monroe County, Arkansas, United States.	Clarendon Municipal Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ware railway station is in Ware in Hertfordshire, England.	Ware railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDTE (88.3 FM) is a religious radio station transmitting from Grosse Pointe Shores, Michigan, USA.	WDTE	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trans-Manhattan Expressway is an east--west limited-access highway in New York City, in the United States.	Trans-Manhattan Expressway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elderslie is a village in the council area and historic county of Renfrewshire in west central Scotland.	Elderslie	Renfrewshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Mongeham is a small hamlet near Dover in Kent, southeast England.	Little Mongeham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lilas (Persian: ليلاس‎, also Romanized as Līlās, Lailās, and Leylās; also known as Līlān and Leylān) is a village in Solgi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Lilas	Solgi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Qahti (Persian: دره قحطي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Qaḥṭī; also known as Darreh Qa``ţī) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 31 families.	Darreh Qahti	Miankuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tasmania (/tæzˈmeɪniə/; abbreviated as Tas and known colloquially as ``Tassie'') is an island state of the Commonwealth of Australia.	Tasmania	Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phillips Mansion is a Second Empire style historic house in Pomona, Los Angeles County, California.	Phillips Mansion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adamangalam-Pudur is a village panchayat in the foot of eastern ghats in the Kalasapakkam Taluk of Tiruvannamalai district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Adamangalam-Pudur	Tiruvannamalai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luzerne County Fresh Air Camp, also known as Ferrwood Music Camp, is a historic fresh air camp located in Butler Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania.	Luzerne County Fresh Air Camp	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of Santa Giustina is a Benedictine abbey in the center of the City of Padua, facing the Prato della Valle, which dates from the 10th century.	Abbey of Santa Giustina	Padua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straide (Irish: An tSráid), or Strade, is a village in County Mayo, Ireland.	Strade	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skyway Manor Airport (FAA LID: T79) is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Pearland, a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.	Skyway Manor Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowsaleh (Persian: نوساله‎, also Romanized as Nowsāleh) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nowsaleh	Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dana Adobe or ``Casa de Dana'' is a historic building in Nipomo, California.	Dana Adobe	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piffione (Piffiù in Lombard language) is a frazione of the Italian town Borgosatollo, in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.	Piffione	Borgosatollo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 9 Cleveland is a residential and commercial complex located in Downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States, at the corner of East Ninth Street and Euclid Avenue.	The 9 Cleveland	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cottage Row Historic District is a national historic district located in Saranac Lake (Harrietstown) in Franklin County, New York.	Cottage Row Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deering Bridge, near Sutton, Nebraska, is a historic bridge that was built in 1916.	Deering Bridge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleinkahl is a community in the Aschaffenburg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany, and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Schöllkrippen.	Kleinkahl	Aschaffenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skykomish River is a Washington river which drains the west side of the Cascade Mountains in the southeast section of Snohomish County and the northeast corner of King County.	Skykomish River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powiersze (pɔˈvjɛrʂɛ) (German: Powarschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Powiersze	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mistaya Canyon is a canyon in the western part of the Alberta province of Canada.	Mistaya Canyon	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waterloo Hotel is a historical hotel located on Waterloo Place in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Waterloo Hotel	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soveydani (Persian: سويداني‎, also Romanized as Soveydānī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Soveydani	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Belmore was built in 1995 to supply town water to Croydon, Queensland.	Lake Belmore	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cracker (benchmark) (9,833 feet (2,997 m)) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.	Cracker (benchmark)	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Groton Road near Lynwood Lane in Westford, Massachusetts.	Wright Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakke Mountain is a summit located in the town of Florida, Massachusetts.	Bakke Mountain	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šibenik-Knin County (pronounced (ʃîbe̞niːk knîːn); Croatian: Šibensko-kninska županija) is a county in southern Croatia, located in the north-central part of Dalmatia.	Šibenik-Knin County	Croatia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Tash (Persian: هفت تاش‎‎, also Romanized as Haft Tāsh; also known as Haftāsh and Haftdasht) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Haft Tash	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Sorud (Persian: عليسرود‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Sorūd) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 332, in 113 families.	Ali Sorud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Mountain Community College is a community college located in Pendleton, Oregon, United States, and serves Umatilla, Morrow, and Baker counties.	Blue Mountain Community College	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monte Grosso is a mountain in Haute-Corse, Corsica, France, with an elevation of 1,937 metres (6,355 ft).	Monte Grosso	Haute-Corse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodstock Community Center is a community center and former fire station built in 1928, located in the Woodstock neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, United States.	Woodstock Community Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorgin Rural District (Persian: دهستان گرگين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gorgin Rural District	Korani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarah-e Shadadi (Persian: سراح شهدادي‎, also Romanized as Sarāḥ-e Shahdādī) is a village in Tarom Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarah-e Shadadi	Tarom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Payson Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district composed of Seymour Elementary School and Payson Seymour High School, and is centrally based in Payson, Illinois, a village in Adams County; it serves Payson and the surrounding municipalities.	Payson Community Unit School District 1	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łubianki (wuˈbjaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łubianki	Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bumdeling Gewog (Dzongkha: བུམ་སྡེ་གླིང་) (sometimes spelt Bomdeling) is a gewog (village block) of Trashiyangtse District, Bhutan.	Bumdeling Gewog	Trashiyangtse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Araras (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐˈɾaɾɐs)) is a municipality located in the interior of State of São Paulo, Brazil.	Araras	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amrui (Persian: عمرويي‎, also Romanized as ``Amrū’ī; also known as Amruni and Imrūni) is a village in Ayask Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 329, in 74 families.	Amrui	Ayask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burrilanka is situated in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh State.	Burrilanka	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skorodne (skɔˈrɔdnɛ) (Ukrainian: Скородне, Skorodne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutowiska, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Skorodne	Gmina Lutowiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Takanlu (Persian: قره تكانلو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Takānlū) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qarah Takanlu	Qeshlaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanover County Municipal Airport (ICAO: KOFP, FAA LID: OFP) is a public airport located 14 miles (22 km) north of the central business district of Richmond, Virginia, United States.	Hanover County Municipal Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bądków-Kolonia (ˈbɔntkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczyn, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bądków-Kolonia	Gmina Goszczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parnass Tower (German: Parnaß-Turm) is an observation tower in the town of Plön in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Parnass Tower	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redgranite Correctional Institution is a medium security adult male correctional institution located in Redgranite, Wisconsin, in the United States.	Redgranite Correctional Institution	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rederscheid is a village in the municipality of Windhagen in the district of Neuwied, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Rederscheid	Windhagen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Zard-e Sofla (Persian: بن زردسفلي‎, also Romanized as Bon Zard-e Soflá and Bon Zard Soflá; also known as Bon Zard and Bon Zard-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bon Zard-e Sofla	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Congress Theater is a historic movie palace in Chicago.	Congress Theater	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumas House is a fourteen storey office building constructed in Perth, Western Australia during the 1960s.	Dumas House	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGDC (1320 AM) is a radio station based in Walla Walla, Washington, broadcasting on 1320 kHz in the AM radio spectrum.	KGDC	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brahmavar (Kannada: ಬ್ರಹ್ಮಾವರ) is a main road town on NH 66 (formerly NH 17), located 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) north of the Udupi in Udupi district in Karnataka state of India.	Brahmavar	Udupi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradwell Abbey or Bradwell Priory is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, urban studies site, district and civil parish in Milton Keynes, ceremonial Buckinghamshire, England.	Bradwell Abbey	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlow/Mayo is a township in northern Hastings County in Eastern Ontario, Canada.	Carlow/Mayo	Hastings County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isperih Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Исперих) is a municipality (obshtina) in Razgrad Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Ludogorie geographical region part of the Danubian Plain.	Isperih Municipality	Razgrad Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fifal-e Sharqi (Persian: في فل شرقي‎, also Romanized as Fīfal-e Sharqī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Fifal-e Sharqi	Sajjadrud Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Margravial Opera House (German: Markgräfliches Opernhaus) is a Baroque opera house in the town of Bayreuth, Germany, built between 1744 and 1748.	Margravial Opera House	Bayreuth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayonne High School (BHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Bayonne, Hudson County, New Jersey, operated by the Bayonne Board of Education.	Bayonne High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milton W. Smith House is a house located in the south Portland historic district, Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Milton W. Smith House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shotor Khun (Persian: شترخون‎, also Romanized as Shotor Khūn; also known as Shotor Khān) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shotor Khun	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nalanda (IAST: Nālandā; /naːlən̪d̪aː/) was an acclaimed Mahavihara, a large Buddhist monastery in the ancient kingdom of Magadha (modern-day Bihar) in India.	Nalanda	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranchos de Taos Plaza is a historic district in Ranchos de Taos, New Mexico, about four miles south of the town of Taos, New Mexico.	Ranchos de Taos Plaza	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waddon is a neighbourhood in the London Borough of Croydon, to the west and south west of central Croydon.	Waddon	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Warren Smith House is a house at 21 North Palmetto Street at the corner of North Palmetto and Edgemont Streets in Liberty, South Carolina in Pickens County.	J. Warren Smith House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kambel Dal Morad (Persian: كمبل دلمراد‎, also Romanized as Kambel Dal Morād) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kambel Dal Morad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molokini is a crescent-shaped, partially submerged volcanic crater which forms a small, uninhabited islet located in Alalakeiki Channel between the islands of Maui and Kahoʻolawe, within Maui County in Hawaiʻi.	Molokini	Maui County
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Point Church is an evangelical Christian Assemblies of God megachurch located in Springfield, Missouri, Nixa, Missouri and Joplin, Missouri.	North Point Church	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xaverian Brothers High School (XBHS), founded in 1963 by the Xaverian Brothers, is a private, Catholic secondary school for boys in grades 7-12 on a 33-acre (130,000 m2) campus in Westwood, Massachusetts.	Xaverian Brothers High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard Drive-In Theater is a closed Drive-in theater, located in Allentown, Pennsylvania.	Boulevard Drive-In Theater	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalabeh (Persian: چالابه‎, also Romanized as Chālābeh) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chalabeh	Dorudfaraman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calico Mountains Wilderness is a U S Wilderness Area in Nevada under the Bureau of Land Management.	Calico Mountains Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Republican River is a river in the central Great Plains of North America, rising in the High Plains of eastern Colorado and flowing east 453 miles (729 km) through the U.S. states of Nebraska and Kansas.	Republican River	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bumping Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Bumping River, in Yakima County, Washington state, USA.	Bumping Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp MacArthur (or Camp McArthur) was an American military training base in Waco, Texas during World War I. It was named for General Arthur MacArthur, Jr. on July 18, 1917.	Camp MacArthur	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTSR (91.3 FM) is a non-commercial radio station broadcasting from The College of New Jersey (formerly Trenton State College), servicing Mercer County and Bucks County, Pennsylvania as well as broadcasting over the internet.	WTSR	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duane Arnold Energy Center (DAEC) is located on a 500-acre (200 ha) site on the west bank of the Cedar River, two miles (3.2 km) north-northeast of Palo, Iowa, USA, or eight miles (13 km) northwest of Cedar Rapids.	Duane Arnold Energy Center	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Partęczyny (partɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie nad Osą, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Partęczyny	Gmina Świecie nad Osą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herttoniemenranta (Finnish), Hertonäs strand (Swedish) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.Herttoniemenranta is part of Herttoniemi and it was built in the late 1990s and early 2000s.	Herttoniemenranta	Helsinki	Herttoniemi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome is a living museum, having many examples of airworthy aircraft of the Pioneer Era, World War I and the Golden Age of Aviation between the World Wars, and multiple examples of roadworthy antique automobiles and other vehicles that is located in Red Hook, New York, USA.	Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Khanem Vakili (Persian: حسن ابادخانم وكيلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Khānem Vakīlī; also known as Ḩasanābād and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Khanem Vakili	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harder Stadium (a.k.a. Soccer Heaven) is a 17,000 seat, outdoor multi-purpose stadium on the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara in Santa Barbara, California.	Harder Stadium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Almasaki (Persian: احمدآباد الماسکی ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Almasaki	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Tumar (Persian: كاني طومار‎, also Romanized as Kānī Ţūmār) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Tumar	Akhtachi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesanapalli is a village in East Godavari district, in Andhra Pradesh State.	Kesanapalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalaf Aziz (Persian: خلف عزيز‎, also Romanized as Khalaf ``Azīz) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 833, in 156 families.	Khalaf Aziz	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wishon Dam (National ID # CA00411) is a dam in Fresno County, California in the Sierra National Forest, in the Sierra Nevada Mountain Range.	Wishon Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mittagong is a town located in the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia, in Wingecarribee Shire.	Mittagong	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kniażyce (kɲaˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kniażyce	Gmina Fredropol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ski Ward Ski Area is a small ski area located in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts.	Ski Ward	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heritage Woods Secondary School is a coeducational high school located in Port Moody, British Columbia.	Heritage Woods Secondary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Kramsko (ˈnɔvɛ ˈkramskɔ) (German: Kleistdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Nowe Kramsko	Gmina Babimost
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bob Carr Theater is a major performing arts auditorium in Orlando, Florida and seats 2,518.	Bob Carr Theater	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolesh Taleshan (Persian: كلش طالشان‎, also Romanized as Kolesh Ţāleshān; also known as Golshan Ţāleshān) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kolesh Taleshan	Pasikhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baylor Ballpark is the baseball stadium at Baylor University in Waco, Texas.	Baylor Ballpark	Waco
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Downs is a farm near Camborne and St Agnes in Cornwall, England.	New Downs	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Marznak (Persian: بالامرزناك‎, also Romanized as Bālā Marznāk) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Marznak	Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tobay Beach is a restricted access recreational beach located in the middle of Jones Beach Island, a barrier island off the South Shore of Long Island, New York in Nassau County, New York.	Tobay Beach	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Asiab-e Karreh (Persian: سراسياب كره‎, also Romanized as Sar Āsīāb-e Karreh; also known as Sar Āsīāb) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Asiab-e Karreh	Tut-e Nadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peacock Beach State Park is a locally managed, public recreation area on Pleasant Pond in Richmond, Maine.	Peacock Beach State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chideock (/ˈtʃɪdək/ CHI-dək) is a village and civil parish in south west Dorset, England, situated close to the English Channel between Bridport and Lyme Regis.	Chideock	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kardgar Khatir (Persian: كاردگرخطير‎, also Romanized as Kārdgar Khaţīr) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kardgar Khatir	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashal-e Azad Mahalleh (Persian: كشل ازادمحله‎, also Romanized as Kashal-e Āzād Maḩalleh) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kashal-e Azad Mahalleh	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhanda Kansara is a village in the Indian state of Orissa, with a population of more than 8,000 people located in the Kendujhar district.	Bhanda Kansara	Kendujhar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koziegłówki (kɔʑeˈɡwufki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Koziegłówki	Gmina Koziegłowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koorvere (also known as Kuurvere) is a village in Vastse-Kuuste Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.	Koorvere	Vastse-Kuuste
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverland is a region of South Australia.	Riverland	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ülikooli Street (Estonian: Ülikooli tänav, University Street) is a street in the center of Tartu in Estonia.	Ülikooli Street	Estonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Usnarz Górny (ˈusnaʂ ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Usnarz Górny	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sian Ka'an is a biosphere reserve in the municipality of Tulum in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo.	Sian Ka'an	Quintana Roo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giugnola is a village in central Italy, administratively divided into two frazioni of the two municipalities of Castel del Rio (in Emilia-Romagna) and Firenzuola (in Tuscany).	Giugnola	Castel del Rio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cidade Universitária is a neighborhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on an Island.	Cidade Universitária	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarqan-e Sofla (Persian: سرقان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sārqān-e Soflá; also known as Sārqān-e Pā’īn, Sārgān Pā’īn, Sarqān, and Shargu) is a village in Shakhen Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarqan-e Sofla	Shakhen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Sheykh (Persian: مزرعه شيخ‎, also Romanized as Mazra’eh-ye Sheykh; also known as Sheykhān) is a village in Bala Khvaf Rural District, Salami District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazraeh-ye Sheykh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Monica Pier Aquarium is an aquarium in Santa Monica, California, located beneath the Santa Monica Pier, adjacent to the Pacific Ocean.	Santa Monica Pier Aquarium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highland Mountains, highest point Table Mountain, el. 10,223 feet (3,116 m), are a small mountain range southwest of Whitehall, Montana in Silver Bow and Madison County, Montana.	Highland Mountains	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cool Spring Battlefield is a historic American Civil War battlefield and national historic district located near Berryville, Clarke County, Virginia.	Cool Spring Battlefield	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łabędzin (waˈbɛnd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łabędzin	Gmina Piotrków Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xizhaotong (Chinese: 西兆通镇) is a township-level division of Chang'an District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Xizhaotong	Chang'an District, Shijiazhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christine Falls is a waterfall on Van Trump Creek in Pierce County, Washington.	Christine Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Governorate (Arabic: الجنوب‎; transliterated: al-Janub) is one of the governorates of Lebanon.	South Governorate	Lebanon
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIOZ, also known as Rock 105.3, is an active rock station in San Diego, California.	KIOZ	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Kari (Persian: چاه كري‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Karī) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah-e Kari	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmwood Estate (Tamil: ஹோம்வூட் தோட்டம்) is a Tea Estate in the Agrapatana region in Nuwara Eliya District, Central Province.	Holmwood Estate	Central Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homerville Airport (ICAO: KHOE, FAA LID: HOE) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) northwest of the central business district of Homerville, a city in Clinch County, Georgia, United States.	Homerville Airport	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Community of Peace Academy (CPA) is a chartered public school located in the East Side of Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.	Community of Peace Academy	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Ghurat (Persian: قره غورت‎, also Romanized as Qarah Ghūrat; also known as Qarah ``Owrat) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 22 families.	Qarah Ghurat	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Revention Music Center (formerly known as Verizon Wireless Theater , Aerial Theater and Bayou Music Center) is an indoor theater owned by Live Nation and located in Houston, Texas, United States.	Revention Music Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's High School is a private, non-denominational Christian school, located in Shoreline, Washington, just north of Seattle.	King's High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zir Kamar (Persian: زيركمر‎, also Romanized as Zīr Kamar) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Zir Kamar	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turzovka is a town in the Čadca District, Žilina Region in north-western Slovakia.	Turzovka	Čadca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ainslie St. Transit Terminal is the main hub for local Grand River Transit bus services in Cambridge, Ontario.	Ainslie St. Transit Terminal	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shavers Fork Mountain Complex is the name given to the mountains on either side of Shavers Fork in the highlands portions of Randolph County, Pocahontas County, and Tucker County in West Virginia, USA.	Shavers Fork Mountain Complex	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojny-Piecki (ˈvɔi̯nɨ ˈpjɛt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wojny-Piecki	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Eden Cemetery is a cemetery in Hayward, California, in the former city of Mount Eden.	Mount Eden Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJAD (branded as Rock 103) is a radio station serving Albany, Georgia and surrounding cities with a rock format.	WJAD	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindell Library, also known as the James G. Lindell Family Library, is the academic library of Augsburg College, a liberal arts college in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Lindell Library	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annan District (Chinese: 安南區; pinyin: Ānnán Qū; Wade--Giles: An1-Nan2 Ch'ü1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: An-Lâm-Khu) is a coastal district located in the west of Tainan, Taiwan.	Annan District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Brudnowska (ˈvɔla brudˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Brudnowska	Gmina Wieniawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape May Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in New Jersey at the tip of Cape May, in Lower Township's Cape May Point State Park.	Cape May Lighthouse	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harley Street Fissure is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Harley Street Fissure	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kokkilai or Kokilai or Kokkulaay (Tamil: கொக்குளாய் Kokkuḷāy) is a town in the Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka.	Kokkilai	Mullaitivu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobiekurów (sɔbjɛˈkuruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sobiekurów	Gmina Iwaniska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veerachinnampatty is a village in Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Veerachinnampatty	Dindigul district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomielin (pɔˈmjɛlin) (German Pomehlen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pomielin	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopyłów (kɔˈpɨwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kopyłów	Gmina Horodło
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karrinyup bus station is a Transperth bus station located next to Karrinyup Shopping Centre in Karrinyup, approximately 10 kilometres north of Perth, Western Australia.	Karrinyup bus station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorusi-ye Shomali (Persian: خروسي شمالي‎, also Romanized as Khorūsī-ye Shomālī; also known as Khorūs-e Shomālī) is a village in Naseri Rural District, Khanafereh District, Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khorusi-ye Shomali	Naseri Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porębiska (pɔrɛmˈbiska) (German: Porembischken; 1938-45: Vierwinden) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Porębiska	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Balak-e Harqorush (Persian: چقابلك هرقروش‎, also Romanized as Choqā Balak-e Harqorūsh; also known as Harqorūsh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Choqa Balak-e Harqorush	Bijnavand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1863 (FM 1863) is a 17.097 mi (27.515 km) farm to market road located primarily in Comal County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1863	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUAT-FM is a radio station operated out of the University of Arizona and serving the Tucson, Arizona, metropolitan area.	KUAT-FM	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jamieson River is an inland river in Victoria, Australia.	Jamieson River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yellow Brick House, or Moorfield, is a historic home located at Bivalve, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States.	Yellow Brick House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasalari (Persian: پاسالاري‎, also Romanized as Pāsālārī) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pasalari	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 262-264 Pelham Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is a rare Georgian Revival two-family house in a rural-suburban setting.	House at 262-264 Pelham Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deitz Farm, also known as General Robert E. Lee Headquarters, is a national historic district located near Meadow Bluff, Greenbrier County, West Virginia.	Deitz Farm	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jiaohe Ruins is a Chinese archaeological site found in the Yarnaz Valley, 10 km west of the city of Turpan in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.	Jiaohe Ruins	Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesapeake Regional Airport (ICAO: KCPK, FAA LID: CPK) is a public use airport located in the city of Chesapeake, Virginia and serving the Hampton Roads area.	Chesapeake Regional Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craignure (/kreɪɡˈnjʊər/; Scottish Gaelic: Creag an Iubhair) is a village and the main ferry port on the Isle of Mull, Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Craignure	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pazardzhik Province (Bulgarian: Област Пазарджик Oblast Pazardzhik, former name Pazardzhik okrug) is a province in Southern Bulgaria, named after its administrative and industrial centre - the city of Pazardzhik.	Pazardzhik Province	Bulgaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farsta strand is a suburban satellite town in the south part of Stockholm Municipality, Sweden.	Farsta strand	Stockholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nienadówka (ɲenaˈdufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Małopolski, within Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nienadówka	Gmina Sokołów Małopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ystradfellte is a small village in southern Powys, Wales, in the Fforest Fawr area of the Brecon Beacons National Park.	Ystradfellte	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terra Lago, Indio is a gated community located in Riverside County, California, of the Coachella Valley, approximately 25 miles (40 km) east of Palm Springs.	Terra Lago	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharileh (Persian: خريله‎, also Romanized as Kharīleh) is a village in Delbaran Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kharileh	Delbaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Embu das Artes, previously and commonly known simply as Embu, is a Brazilian municipality in the State of São Paulo.	Embu das Artes	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queanbeyan High School is a New South Wales Government School situated in a large service centre just beyond the limits of the Australian Capital Territory.	Queanbeyan High School	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richardson Block is an historic block of commercial buildings at 113-151 Pearl and 109-119 High Streets in Boston, Massachusetts.	Richardson Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Teymur (Persian: كلاته تيمور‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Teymūr) is a village in Barrud Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Teymur	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the 1000 Islands is a museum in Gananoque, Ontario, Canada, that interprets the history and ecology of Gananoque and the 1000 Islands.	Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the 1000 Islands	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-André-de-Corcy is a commune in the Ain département in eastern France.	Saint-André-de-Corcy	Ain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andreas Rieth Homestead is a historic home located near Pennsburg at Marlborough Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Andreas Rieth Homestead	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Caleb Bingham House is a historic house, part of Arrow Rock State Historic Site in Arrow Rock, Missouri.	George Caleb Bingham House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denver Federal Center, surrounded by Lakewood, Colorado, is part of the General Services Administration and is home to about 6,200 employees for many Federal government of the United States agencies.	Denver Federal Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carcoar Dam is a minor ungated concrete double parabolic arch dam with an uncontrolled overflow spillway across the Belubula River upstream of Carcoar in the central west region of New South Wales, Australia.	Carcoar Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Xueyuan Road Subdistrict (Chinese: 学院南路街道) is a township-level division of Lunan District, Tangshan, Hebei, China.	South Xueyuan Road Subdistrict	Lunan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bergmann Hotel is a hotel and bar operating at 434 3rd Street in Juneau, Alaska.	Bergmann Hotel	Juneau
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Mowing School is an independent private, co-educational, day and boarding school, located in Wilton, New Hampshire, in the United States.	High Mowing School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strożęcin (strɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strożęcin	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir Matt Busby Way is a road in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.	Sir Matt Busby Way	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeziorki Małe (jɛˈʑɔrki ˈmawɛ) (German: Kleinschöntal; until 1938: Klein Jesziorken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Jeziorki Małe	Gmina Gołdap
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chegeni-ye Sofla (Persian: چگني سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chegenī-ye Soflá) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chegeni-ye Sofla	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chizeh (Persian: چيزه‎, also Romanized as Chīzeh and Chiza) is a village in Chuqur Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Chizeh	Chuqur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wapping Dock is a dock on the River Mersey, England, and part of the Port of Liverpool.	Wapping Dock	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montisi is a frazione of the comune of San Giovanni d'Asso.	Montisi	San Giovanni d'Asso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park is a state park located on Blennerhassett Island, a small island in the Ohio River, located in Wood County, West Virginia, USA.	Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taipei (/ˌtaɪˈpeɪ/, literally means ``North of Tai(wan)''), officially known as Taipei City (Chinese: 臺北市 or 台北市; pinyin: Táiběi Shì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-pak Chhī), is the capital city and a special municipality of Taiwan.	Taipei	Taiwan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storebø is the administrative centre and largest village in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Storebø	Austevoll
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mil Aghardan (Persian: ميل اغاردان‎, also Romanized as Mīl Āghārdān and Mīlāghārdān; also known as Miragarden) is a village in Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mil Aghardan	Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humber Valley Village is a neighbourhood located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Humber Valley Village	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelee Island Airport (ICAO: CYPT) is located adjacent to the west side of Pelee, Ontario Canada.	Pelee Island Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiamdasht (Persian: قيام دشت‎, also Romanized as Qīāmdasht) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qiamdasht	Ghaniabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Søborg is a neighbourhood in Gladsaxe Municipality, located some 10 km northwest of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Søborg	Gladsaxe Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Caverns, formerly known as Weyer's Cave, is located in the central Shenandoah Valley in the town of Grottoes, Virginia, USA.	Grand Caverns	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomel District, Homieĺski Rajon (Belarusian: Гомельскі раён) is an administrative subdivision, a rajon of Gomel Region, in Belarus.	Gomel District	Gomel Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daqdaqabad (Persian: داق داق اباد‎, also Romanized as Dāqdāqābād) is a village in Hajjilu Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Daqdaqabad	Hajjilu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taylorstown, Pennsylvania is a census-designated place in Blaine Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Taylorstown, Pennsylvania	Washington County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Canadian Military Institute (RCMI), located in Toronto, Ontario, is a private members'' organization.	Royal Canadian Military Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat Kalantar (Persian: قنات كلنتر‎, also Romanized as Qanāt Kalāntar and Qanāt-e Kalāntar) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanat Kalantar	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Emam (Persian: پيرامام‎, also Romanized as Pīr Emām and Pīremām) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pir Emam	Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKBE-FM (9-2-5 the Beat) is an English language Canadian radio station located in Montreal, Quebec.	CKBE-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fahrumand (Persian: فهرومند‎, also Romanized as Fahrūmand) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Fahrumand	Tariq ol Eslam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clay County Fair is held every September in Spencer, Iowa, United States.	Clay County Fair	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naniboujou Club Lodge is a resort and restaurant built as part of a private club on the North Shore of Lake Superior in Cook County, Minnesota, USA, about 15 miles (24 km) east of Grand Marais.	Naniboujou Club Lodge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerd Visheh (Persian: گردويشه‎, also Romanized as Gerd Vīsheh and Gardvishāh; also known as Gardevishe and Gerdeh Bīsheh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District, Khorgam District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gerd Visheh	Khorgam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Stockholm Historic District is a national historic district located in the town of Stockholm in St. Lawrence County, New York.	West Stockholm Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Il Hesar (Persian: ايل حصار‎, also Romanized as Īl Ḩeşār) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Il Hesar	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gombe, Butambala, often referred to simply as Gombe, is a municipality in Butambala District in the Central Region of Uganda.	Gombe, Butambala	Butambala District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penobscot Theatre Company (PTC), located in Bangor, Maine, is America's Northeastern-most professional theatre company.	Penobscot Theatre Company	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Harrington Stevens House was the first authorized house on the west bank of the Mississippi River in what would become Minneapolis in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	John Harrington Stevens House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Point Reyes Lighthouse, also known as Point Reyes Light or the Point Reyes Light Station, is a lighthouse in the Gulf of the Farallones on Point Reyes in Point Reyes National Seashore, located in Marin County, California, United States.	Point Reyes Lighthouse	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nalconagar is a census town in Angul district in the Indian state of Odisha.Nalconagar, Angul is a suburb of Angul, Odisha.	Nalconagar, Angul	Angul district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazukaleh Poshteh (Persian: مازوكله پشته‎, also Romanized as Māzūkaleh Poshteh; also known as Māzokaleh, Māzokaleh Poshteh-ye Bālā, and Māzūkaleh Poshteh-ye Bālā) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mazukaleh Poshteh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inongo is a town and capital of Mai-Ndombe District, Bandundu Province in the western part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Inongo	Mai-Ndombe District
located in the administrative territorial entity	For the first time ever, a Broadway in Tucson show will be held at University of Arizona's Centennial Hall.	Broadway in Tucson	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enkhuizen (ɛŋkˈɦœy̯zə(n)) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland and the region of West-Frisia.	Enkhuizen	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson Barnett No. 11 Oil Well was the most productive oil well in the Cushing Oil Field of northeastern Oklahoma, to the south of Drumright.	Jackson Barnett No. 11 Oil Well	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phlai Chumphon (Thai: พลายชุมพล) is a subdistrict in the Mueang Phitsanulok District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Phlai Chumphon	Mueang Phitsanulok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebronville Mill Historic District is a historic district on Knight Avenue, Read and Phillip Streets in Attleboro, Massachusetts.	Hebronville Mill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamshahr County (Persian: شهرستان اسلام‌شهر‎) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.	Eslamshahr County	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamiona (kaˈmjɔna) (German: Ziebern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowice, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kamiona	Gmina Żukowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopkie-Kolonia (ˈxɔpkʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Hopkie-Kolonia	Gmina Łaszczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charaimari is a village near Mushalpur town in Baksa district of Assam state of India.	Charaimari	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gambia National Museum is a Gambian cultural museum located in Banjul.	Gambia National Museum	Banjul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niger or Niger State is a state in Central Nigeria and the largest state in the country.	Niger State	Nigeria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartland landfill is the waste disposal site for the city of Victoria, British Columbia and the Greater Victoria area.	Hartland landfill	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Jakobshalle is an arena in Münchenstein, near Basel, Switzerland.	St. Jakobshalle	Basel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allston is a neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, located in the western part of the city.	Allston	Boston	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasatch Academy is an independent, coeducational, college preparatory boarding school for grades 8-12 located in Utah.	Wasatch Academy	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavakachcheri (Tamil: சாவகச்சேரி Cāvakaccēri, Sinhalese: ජාවකච්චේරි Jāvakachchēri) is a large town in the Jaffna peninsula of Jaffna District, Northern Province, Sri Lanka.	Chavakachcheri	Jaffna District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hovenäset is a locality in Sotenäs Municipality in Västra Götaland County and is located about 3 km north of Kungshamn.	Hovenäset	Sotenäs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Richmond railway station is located on the Lilydale, Belgrave, Alamein, and Glen Waverley lines in Victoria, Australia.	East Richmond railway station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wannamoisett Country Club is a private golf course located in Rumford, Rhode Island.	Wannamoisett Country Club	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qizcheh (Persian: قيزچه ‎, also Romanized as Qīzcheh; also known as Qīnarcheh, Qīnarjeh, and Qīzjeh) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qizcheh	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pfarrkirchen is a municipality in southern Lower Bavaria Germany, the capital of the district Rottal-Inn.	Pfarrkirchen	Rottal-Inn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krojczyn (ˈkrɔi̯t͡ʂɨn) (German: Kreutzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Krojczyn	Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gukjeh (Persian: گوكجه‎, also Romanized as Gūkjeh; also known as Būkcheh) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Gukjeh	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sopot is a town with powiat (county) status, in Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Sopot	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgas Province (Bulgarian: Област Бургас - Oblast Burgas, former name Burgas okrug) is a province in southeastern Bulgaria, including southern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.	Burgas Province	Bulgaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canadian Meteorological Centre (CMC), located in Dorval, Quebec, is the branch of Environment Canada's Meteorological Service of Canada that is tasked with providing forecast guidance to national and regional prediction centres.	Canadian Meteorological Centre	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Clementine (also known as North Fork Lake) is a reservoir at an elevation of 718 feet (219 m) on the North Fork American River Canyon below the picturesque gold rush era town of Auburn (elev. 1200') in northern California.	Lake Clementine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacanowice (pat͡sanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pacanowice	Gmina Pleszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McLachlen Building is an historic structure located in Downtown Washington, D.C. It has been listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites since 1985 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	McLachlen Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	A Rúa is a mostly rural Galician municipality in the comarca of Valdeorras, eastern province of Ourense, 101 km (63 mi) from the provincial capital, Ourense.	A Rúa	Valdeorras
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piątak (ˈpjɔntak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Piątak	Gmina Suchowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akiaki is a low coral atoll in the eastern area of the Tuamotu Archipelago, French Polynesia.	Akiaki	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	45 Christopher Street is a residential building facing south onto Christopher Park in the Greenwich Village Historic District on the west side of lower Manhattan in New York City.	45 Christopher Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luneh (Persian: لونه‎, also Romanized as Lūneh) is a village in Tarrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Luneh	Tarrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharabeh Razi (Persian: خرابه رضي‎, also Romanized as Kharābeh Raẕī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kharabeh Razi	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Coulee is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Cardston County, located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) east of Highway 5, approximately 42 kilometres (26 mi) southwest of Lethbridge.	Spring Coulee	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karasjok ( pronunciation ) or Kárášjohka (Northern Sami) Kaarasjoki (Finnish) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Karasjok	Finnmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak City Christian Church, also known as Oak City Christian Church, Disciples of Christ, is a historic Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) (DOC) church located at 310 W. Commerce Street in Oak City, Martin County, North Carolina.	Oak City Christian Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanilac Shores Underwater Preserve was established to promote conservation of the submerged historical resources in Lake Huron near Port Sanilac, Michigan.	Sanilac Shores Underwater Preserve	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badingham is a civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district of eastern England.	Badingham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hallgarter Zange is a hill in the Taunus mountains of Hesse, Germany.	Hallgarter Zange	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Evenk Ethnic Sumu (simplified Chinese: 鄂温克民族苏木; traditional Chinese: 鄂溫克民族蘇木; pinyin: Èwēnkè Mínzúsūmù) is an administrative subdivision in the northeastern part of Old Barag Banner in Hulunbuir, Inner Mongolia.	Evenk Ethnic Sumu	Old Barag Banner
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tianyuan District (Chinese: 天元区) is a district of Hunan Province, China, under the administration of Zhuzhou city.	Tianyuan District	Zhuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Benning is a United States Army base straddling the Alabama-Georgia border next to Columbus, Georgia.	Fort Benning	Columbus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borszyn (ˈbɔrʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Borszyn	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa María la Real de Nieva is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain, about 30 km (18 mi) northwest of Segovia town.	Santa María la Real de Nieva	province of Segovia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Gavkosh (Persian: علي اباد گاوكش‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Gāvkosh) is a village in Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 191, in 33 families.	Aliabad-e Gavkosh	Khaveh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manheru is the largest village in Bhiwani district, Haryana state, India.	Manheru	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Neshin (Persian: گل نشين‎, also Romanized as Gol Neshīn) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gol Neshin	Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chipewyan Lake Airport, (TC LID: CEG5), is located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) northeast of Chipewyan Lake, Alberta, Canada.	Chipewyan Lake Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregation B'nai Torah is a Conservative synagogue located in Sandy Springs, Georgia, United States.	Congregation B'nai Torah	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Luiz do Paraitinga (``Saint Louis of the Paraitinga'') is a municipality (município) in the eastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	São Luiz do Paraitinga	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braunschweig (German pronunciation: (ˈbʁaʊ̯nʃvaɪ̯k); Low German: Brunswiek (ˈbrɔˑnsviːk)), also called Brunswick in English, is a city of 250,556 people, located in the state of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Braunschweig	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc Kellermann is a public park located in the 13th arrondissement of Paris which was created between 1939 and 1950 on the former bed of the Bievre river.	Parc Kellermann	13th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Reading Municipal Building is a historic building at 49 Pleasant Street in Reading, Massachusetts.	Reading Municipal Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huckleberry Botanic Regional Preserve is a 241 acres (0.98 km2) regional park and nature reserve in the Berkeley Hills, in the eastern East Bay (San Francisco Bay Area) region of the San Francisco Bay Area of California.	Huckleberry Botanic Regional Preserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otruda (ɔˈtruda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Otruda	Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sørreisa (Northern Sami: Ráisavuona suohkan) is a municipality in Troms county, Norway.	Sørreisa	Troms
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolne Wymiary (ˈdɔlnɛ vɨˈmjarɨ) (German: Niederausmaß; translation: Lower Dimensions) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmno, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dolne Wymiary	Gmina Chełmno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amaseno is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) southeast of Rome and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of Frosinone, located in the Monti Lepini mountain area.	Amaseno	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thenathoor is a small village, population of 5000, located 16 kilometers from Thodupuzha, Kerala, India.	Thenathoor	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pishakhvor (Persian: پيش اخور‎, also Romanized as Pīshākhvor, Pish Akhor, and Pīshākhūr; also known as Mīshābād, Pācheh Khowr, and Pashakhūr) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pishakhvor	Bala Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mazon Creek fossil beds are a conservation lagerstätte found near Morris, in Grundy County, Illinois.	Mazon Creek fossil beds	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palo Alto Unified School District is a public school district located near Stanford University in Palo Alto, California.	Palo Alto Unified School District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osiki (ɔˈɕiki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orzysz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Osiki	Gmina Orzysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lifou (lifu) is a commune of France in the Loyalty Islands Province of New Caledonia in the Pacific Ocean.	Lifou	Loyalty Islands Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victoria Baths is a Grade II* listed building, situated in the Chorlton-upon-Medlock area of Manchester, in northwest England.	Victoria Baths	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Library of Senegal (Bibliothèque nationale du Sénégal or Bibliothèque des Archives nationales du Sénégal) is located in Dakar, Senegal.	National Library of Senegal	Dakar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenilworth (pronounced /ˈkɛnɨlwərθ/) is a town and civil parish in Warwickshire, England, approximately 6 miles (10 km) southwest of Coventry, 4 miles (6 km) north of Warwick and 90 miles (140 km) northwest of London.	Kenilworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildflecken is a municipality in the Bad Kissingen district, at the border of northwestern Bavaria and southern Hesse.	Wildflecken	Bad Kissingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pommier (literally meaning ``apple tree'') is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Pommier	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coldstream Bridge, linking Coldstream, Scottish Borders with Cornhill-on-Tweed, Northumberland, is an 18th-century Grade II* listed bridge between England and Scotland, across the River Tweed.	Coldstream Bridge	Scottish Borders	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gidesk (Persian: گيدسك‎, also Romanized as Gīdesk, Gīdesg, and Gidisk) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gidesk	Naharjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenkasi is one of the municipalities in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu, India and it is the second largest town in Tirunelveli district.	Tenkasi	Tirunelveli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calvin Auditorium or Calvin Auditory (French Auditoire de Calvin), originally the Notre-Dame-la-Neuve Chapel, is a chapel in Geneva, Switzerland, which played a significant role in the Protestant Reformation.	Calvin Auditory	Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plaza de Cibeles is a square with a neo-classical complex of marble sculptures with fountains that has become an iconic symbol for the city of Madrid.	Plaza de Cibeles	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarna Mare (Hungarian: Nagytarna; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈnɒɟtɒrnɒ)) is a commune of 4,435 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Tarna Mare	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Athus (German: Athem, Luxembourgish: Attem, Walloon: Atu) is a town and section of the Aubange municipality of the province of Luxembourg, in south-eastern Belgium.	Athus	Aubange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Jadid (Persian: عباس ابادجديد‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e Jadīd; also known as Abbāsābād) is a village in Shabeh Rural District, Jangal District, Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 223, in 62 families.	Abbasabad-e Jadid	Shabeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inpyeong-dong is a dong in Tongyeong City, in far southeastern South Korea.	Inpyeong-dong	Tongyeong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandarin Oriental, New York, is a five-star hotel located in Manhattan's Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle in New York City, managed by Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group.	Mandarin Oriental, New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Księżpole-Smolaki (kɕɛ̃ʂˈpɔlɛ smɔˈlaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Księżpole-Smolaki	Gmina Mokobody
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gillams is a village located north west of Corner Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador.	Gillams	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nebrowo Małe (nɛˈbrɔvɔ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Nebrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadlinki, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nebrowo Małe	Gmina Sadlinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Madison Avenue Baptist Church was first chartered in 1848 as Rose Hill Baptist Sunday School and Church, on East 30th Street between Third and Lexington Avenues in Manhattan, New York City.	Madison Avenue Baptist Church	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre-Dame de la Trinité Basilica (French: basilique Notre-Dame de la Trinité) is a Roman Catholic basilica church dedicated to the Our Lady of the Trinity and located in Blois, in the Loir-et-Cher department of France.	Notre-Dame de la Trinité Basilica	Blois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elijah Miller House is a historic home in North White Plains, Westchester County, New York.	Elijah Miller House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zazduiyeh (Persian: ذزدوييه‎, also Romanized as Ẕazdū’īyeh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zazduiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Litychowo (litɨˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Litychowo	Gmina Bytoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton Veny is a village and civil parish situated in the Wylye Valley, about 2 miles (3.2 km) southeast of the town of Warminster in Wiltshire, England.	Sutton Veny	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schweinsberg Castle or Schweinsberghaus is a fortified house in the municipality of Attinghausen in the canton of Uri in Switzerland.	Schweinsberg Castle	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cosmos Club is a private social club in Washington, D.C., founded by John Wesley Powell in 1878.	Cosmos Club	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fall City Airport (FAA LID: 1WA6) is a private airport community located just outside Fall City, Washington	Fall City Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNLV-FM (branded as V-103.9) is a radio station licensed to serve Ord, Nebraska broadcasting a country music format .	KNLV-FM	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Virginia Zoological Park is a 53-acre (21 ha) zoo located adjacent to Lafayette Park in Norfolk, Virginia, United States.	Virginia Zoological Park	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierce National Wildlife Refuge is located in southwest Washington within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area.	Pierce National Wildlife Refuge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa Catholic School Board is a publicly funded separate school board in Greater Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Catholic School Board	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahizard (Persian: ماهي زرد‎, also Romanized as Māhīzard) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahizard	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielanowo (vjɛlaˈnɔvɔ) (formerly German Villnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grzmiąca, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wielanowo	Gmina Grzmiąca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edsberg Castle is a castle in Sweden located by the bay of Edsviken in Sollentuna Municipality, north of Stockholm.	Edsberg Castle	Sollentuna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Wyandot is owned and operated by Camp Wyandot, Inc., a non-profit youth organization, based out of Columbus, Ohio.	Camp Wyandot	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucky Peak Dam is a rolled earth and gravel fill embankment dam in the United States, located on the Boise River in Ada County, Idaho.	Lucky Peak Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The USANA Amphitheatre is a 20,000-seat outdoor amphitheater, located in West Valley City, Utah.	USANA Amphitheatre	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salmon Valley is a community on the British Columbia Railway north of Prince George, British Columbia.	Salmon Valley	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shooting at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin saw the reintroduction of 50 metre pistol (then called Free Pistol) but still only had three events.	Shooting at the 1936 Summer Olympics	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haworth High School is a public, four year high school serving Haworth, Oklahoma and surrounding communities.	Haworth High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Bowra (Persian: بالابورا‎, also Romanized as Bālā Bowrā; also known as Sarbūrā and Sar Būrā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Bowra	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grenada Municipal Airport (ICAO: KGNF, FAA LID: GNF) is a public use airport in Grenada County, Mississippi, United States.	Grenada Municipal Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krąplewice (krɔmplɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Krąplewice	Gmina Jeżewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's Catholic High School is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school with academy status located in the Newall Green area of Manchester, England.	St Paul's Catholic High School	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesgin (Persian: چسگين‎, also Romanized as Chesgīn, Cheskīn, Chasgīn, and Chīskīn; also known as Chegīn and Chekīn) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District, Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Chesgin	Ebrahimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leopoldowo (lɛɔpɔlˈdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Leopoldowo	Gmina Miastkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hall Memorial School is located at 111 River Road (Route 32) in Willington, Connecticut.	Hall Memorial School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarayköy is a town and district of Denizli Province in Turkey, 20 km west of the city of Denizli, on a plain between mountains and watered by Büyük Menderes River.	Sarayköy	Denizli Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storlus (ˈstɔrlus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Storlus	Gmina Papowo Biskupie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brickendon is a village in the civil parish of Brickendon Liberty in the district of East Hertfordshire about 3 miles (4.8 km) south of the county town Hertford, and is served by Bayford railway station.	Brickendon	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chylinki (xɨˈlinki), is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.	Chylinki	Gmina Giby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elliott T. Bowers Stadium is a 12,593-seat multi-purpose stadium in Huntsville, Texas, in the United States.	Bowers Stadium	Huntsville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redtye is a hamlet in mid Cornwall, England.	Redtye	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ucú Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``place of the seven moons'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (192.89 km2) of land and located roughly 16 km northwest of the city of Mérida.	Ucú Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morawy-Laski (mɔˈravɨ ˈlaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Morawy-Laski	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starzykowo (staʐɨˈkɔvɔ) (German: Groß Stärkenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Starzykowo	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węgierka (vɛŋˈɡʲɛrka) (Ukrainian: Угорка, Uhorka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Roźwienica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Węgierka	Gmina Roźwienica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Finglesham is a village near Deal in Kent, England, which was the location of the Finglesham Anglo-Saxon cemetery, site of a seventh-century Anglo-Saxon archaeology find known as ``Finglesham man,'' as described in 1965 by Sonia Chadwick Hawkes and Hilda Ellis Davidson.	Finglesham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marie Reine is a hamlet in northwest Alberta, Canada within Northern Sunrise County.	Marie Reine	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 12 Linden Street in Brookline, Massachusetts, is a rare local example of Greek Revival styling, and one of a few houses to survive from the residential development of the Linden Street area in the 1840s.	House at 12 Linden Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mint River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Mint River	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dargoszewo (darɡɔˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Alt Dargsow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dargoszewo	Gmina Golczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kattarp is a locality situated in Helsingborg Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with a population of 688 inhabitants in 2010.	Kattarp	Helsingborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mosfiloti (Greek: Μοσφιλωτή, Turkish: Mosfiloti) is village located in the Larnaca District of Cyprus.	Mosfiloti	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside Community College District, or RCCD, is the community college district serving Riverside, California, United States, and neighboring cities.	Riverside Community College District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coral Gables Preparatory Academy, formerly Coral Gables Elementary School, is a public K-8 school in Coral Gables, Florida.	Coral Gables Preparatory Academy	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierskowola (ɕerskɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sierskowola	Gmina Ryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	School No. 6 is a historic school building located at Lima in Livingston County, New York.	School No. 6	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamarduni (Persian: لامردوني‎, also Romanized as Lāmardūnī) is a village in Dasht-e Lali Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lamarduni	Dasht-e Lali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tolman-Gay House is a historic colonial house at 1196 Central Avenue in Needham, Massachusetts.	Tolman-Gay House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morgan Doll Museum is a doll museum in Altus, Oklahoma.	Morgan Doll Museum	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nastanj (Persian: نستنج‎; also known as Nasqenj and Nastān) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nastanj	Montazeriyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smygehamn is the southernmost locality situated in Trelleborg Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 1,278 inhabitants in 2010.	Smygehamn	Trelleborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodman is a public house on Albert Street in Birmingham, England that is Grade II listed.	The Woodman	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	McLaren Flint is a nonprofit, 416-bed tertiary teaching hospital located in Flint, Michigan.	McLaren Flint	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaręby-Bindugi (zaˈrɛmbɨ binˈduɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyżew-Osada, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zaręby-Bindugi	Gmina Czyżew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfredówka (alfrɛˈdufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Dęba, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Alfredówka	Gmina Nowa Dęba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piazza della Santissima Annunziata is a square in the city of Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	Piazza della Santissima Annunziata	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotia Bluffs form a 2-mile (3-kilometer) series of gray sandstone cliffs along the north bank of the Eel River near Rio Dell, California.	Scotia Bluffs	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wentworth is located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire, United States, in the town of Wolfeboro.	Lake Wentworth	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Bastrop is a reservoir on Spicer Creek in the Colorado River basin 3 miles (5 km) northeast of the town of Bastrop in central Bastrop County, Texas, USA.	Lake Bastrop	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان اناران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Anaran Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Modesto Arch is a centennial slogan arch, built in 1912, to welcome automobile drivers to Modesto, California where it currently stands at the intersection of 9th and I Streets.	Modesto Arch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shariati-ye Yek (Persian: شريعتي يك‎, also Romanized as Sharīʿatī-ye Yek) was a village in Kut-e Abdollah Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shariati-ye Yek	Kut-e Abdollah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benvoulin is a neighbourhood in the City of Kelowna, British Columbia, located on the north side of Mission Creek.	Benvoulin	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Pere de la Portella is a Benedictine monastery in the town of La Quar, in the comarca of Berguedà, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Pere de la Portella	La Quar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Creek Golf Course at Beavers Bend (also known simply as Cedar Creek) is a public golf course on the shores of Broken Bow Lake, about nine miles north of the city of Broken Bow, Oklahoma.	Cedar Creek Golf Course at Beavers Bend	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajar (Persian: تجر‎) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tajar	Torqabeh Rural District	Torqabeh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brewster Academy (also called BA) is a co-educational independent boarding school located on 80 acres (32 ha) in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire USA.	Brewster Academy	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terry-Ketcham Inn is a historic inn and tavern located at Center Moriches in Suffolk County, New York.	Terry-Ketcham Inn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkaftestan (Persian: اشكفتستان‎, also Romanized as Eshkaftestān and Eshkoftestān; also known as Eshkaft) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Eshkaftestan	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalkeith Palace in Dalkeith, Midlothian, Scotland, is a historic house and the former seat of the Duke of Buccleuch.	Dalkeith Palace	Midlothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd Bid-e Olya (Persian: گودبيدعليا‎, also Romanized as Gowd Bīd-e ``Olyā) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Gowd Bid-e Olya	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 44 Linden Street in Brookline, Massachusetts, is a little-altered local example of Second Empire styling.	House at 44 Linden Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storkow Castle (German: Burg Storkow) is a medieval castle in the small town of Storkow in the district of Oder-Spree in the German state of Brandenburg.	Storkow Castle	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The church of San Pancrazio (English: S. Pancras; Latin: S. Pancratii) is a Roman Catholic ancient basilica and titular church founded by Pope Symmachus in the 6th century in Rome, Italy.	San Pancrazio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cedarmere-Clayton Estates are located in Roslyn Harbor, New York, United States, listed jointly on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	Cedarmere-Clayton Estates	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashland Covered Bridge, also known as Ashland Bridge or Barley Mill Road Covered Bridge, is a covered bridge over Red Clay Creek on Barley Mill Road (near the junction of Brackenville Road) in Ashland in New Castle County, Delaware.	Ashland Covered Bridge	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mienice (mjɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznia Mała, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mienice	Gmina Wisznia Mała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boreham is a village and civil parish, in Essex, England.	Boreham	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhilkati is a village in Phaltan tehsil of Satara district in Maharashtra state of India.	Bhilkati	Satara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milton Hospital is a hospital located in Milton, Massachusetts, at 199 Reedsdale Road.	Milton Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pope's Hill is a hill and a small village situated in the east of the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire within the parish of Littledean.	Pope's Hill	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYSF (97.5 FM, ``Air 1'') is a radio station licensed to Bonanza, Oregon, USA.	KYSF	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airolo (Airöö in its local dialect, Romansh: Iriel ) is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Airolo	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Somiankowska (ˈvulka sɔmjaŋˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Somiankowska	Gmina Somianka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sodium Carbonate Company (Persian: شركت كربنات سديم‎ -- Sherḵat-e Karbonāt Sodīm) is a village and company town in Lasgerd Rural District, Sorkheh District, in the Central District of Sorkheh County, Iran.	Sodium Carbonate Company	Lasgerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Capitán State Beach (meaning ``the captain'' in Spanish) is a protected beach in the state park system of California.	El Capitán State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelly's Westport Inn is a famous drinking establishment in Westport, Kansas City, Missouri, constructed around 1850.	Kelly's Westport Inn	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAWO (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to Alma, Georgia, USA.	WAWO	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salkehatchie River originates near the City of Barnwell, South Carolina and accepts drainage from Turkey Creek and Whippy Swamp before merging with the Little Salkehatchie River to form the Combahee River Basin, which empties into Saint Helena Sound and the Atlantic Ocean.	Salkehatchie River	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swarthmore High School was a four-year public high school in Swarthmore, Pennsylvania serving the Boroughs of Swarthmore and Rutledge.	Swarthmore High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowon District (Nowon-gu) is a residential district of Seoul, South Korea, Located in the northeastern part of the metropolitan city.	Nowon District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fernsplatt is a hamlet situated 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Redruth in Cornwall, England.	Fernsplatt	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Baptist High School is a Christian private high school located in Baltimore, Maryland.	Arlington Baptist High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chili Gulch (also spelled Chile Gulch) is a gulch in Calaveras County, California.	Chili Gulch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clevedon is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of North Somerset, which covers part of the ceremonial county of Somerset, England.	Clevedon	North Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Névache (French pronunciation: ​(nevaʃ); Occitan: Nevascha (neˈvastʃɔ, neˈvaːtsɔ)) is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.	Névache	Hautes-Alpes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Household No. 1 Site is an archaeological site in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Household No. 1 Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Plain of Zgharta (or Plain of Zghorta) is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site approximately 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east and southeast of Tripoli in Lebanon.	Plain of Zgharta	Tripoli
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Ormside is a small village in the parish of Ormside, in the Eden District, in the English county of Cumbria.	Great Ormside	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beznabad-e Sofla (Persian: بزن ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Beznābād-e Soflá; also known as Bazīnābād-e Pā’īn and Beznābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Beznabad-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitefish Theatre Company (WTC) is a non-profit, community-based performing arts company which performs in the 326-seat I.A. O'Shaughnessy Center located at 1 Central Avenue in Whitefish, Montana.	Whitefish Theatre Company	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Iburg Castle (German: Schloss Iburg), is a castle and former Benedictine abbey in Bad Iburg, Germany.	Iburg Castle	Bad Iburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mizil (Romanian pronunciation: (miˈzil)) is a town in Prahova County, Romania.	Mizil	Prahova County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Najer (Persian: شاه ناجر‎, also Romanized as Shāh Nājer) is a village in Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shah Najer	Tavabe-e Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chesapeake Detention Facility (CDF), previously the Maryland Correctional Adjustment Center (MCAC), is a maximum level II (supermax or control unit) prison operated by the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services in Baltimore.	Chesapeake Detention Facility	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Honey War was a bloodless territorial dispute in the 1830s between Iowa (first as a part of Wisconsin Territory, then Iowa Territory) and Missouri over their border.	Honey War	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nur Mohammad Bazar (Persian: نور محمد بازار‎, also Romanized as Nūr Moḩammad Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nur Mohammad Bazar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assorput Strait (old spelling: Agssorput) is a strait in the Uummannaq Fjord system in northwestern Greenland.	Assorput Strait	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pyramid Lake Fault Zone is an active right lateral-moving (dextral) geologic fault located in western Nevada.	Pyramid Lake Fault Zone	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khani Ab (Persian: خاني اب‎, also Romanized as Khānī Āb) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khani Ab	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święcianowo (ɕfjɛnt͡ɕaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Święcianowo	Gmina Malechowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadberge is a village in the borough of Darlington and ceremonial county of County Durham, England.	Sadberge	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geras Abbey (Stift Geras) is a Premonstratensian monastery in Geras in Lower Austria.	Geras Abbey	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charter Street Historic District encompasses a small remnant of the oldest part of Salem, Massachusetts that has since been surrounded by more modern development.	Charter Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1956, Irpin's status was changed to that of a ``city of raion (district) subordination,'' subordinate to the Kiev-Sviatoshyn Raion (district).	Irpin	Kiev-Sviatoshyn Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshtgar-e Shah Babek (Persian: پشت گرشه بابك‎, also Romanized as Poshtgar-e Shah Bābek; also known as Poshtgar) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Poshtgar-e Shah Babek	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Chaumont (or Château de Chaumont-sur-Loire) is a castle in Chaumont-sur-Loire, Loir-et-Cher, France.	Château de Chaumont	Chaumont-sur-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beatrixkwartier (literally Beatrix Quarter in Dutch) is a modern financial district in The Hague, near the Central Station, in the Bezuidenhout district.	Beatrixkwartier	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narikkalpatti is a village in the Dindigul District of the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu, located 11 km from Palani.	Narikkalpatti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agassiz Recreational Trail is a 53-mile multi-use rail trail in northwest Minnesota, USA, between Crookston and Ulen.	Agassiz Recreational Trail	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallecorsa is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southeast of Rome and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Frosinone, in the Monti Ausoni area.	Vallecorsa	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Cywyn (Welsh Afon Cywyn) is a river that flows through Carmarthenshire, south Wales.	River Cywyn	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Sharhan (Persian: قلعه شرهان‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Sharḩān; also known as Qal``eh Sharḩāl) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 9 families.	Qaleh Sharhan	Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bihar (/bᵻˈhɑːr/; Hindustani pronunciation: (bɪˈɦaːr)) is a state in East India.	Bihar	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Agawam is a boys' camp located on Crescent Lake in Raymond, Maine, U.S., which is one of the oldest summer camps for boys in the United States.	Camp Agawam	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enayati-ye Bala (Persian: عنايتي بالا‎, also Romanized as ʿEnāyatī-ye Bālā) is a village in Abshar Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Enayati-ye Bala	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahreman (Persian: بهرمان‎‎, also Romanized as Bahremān; also known as Bāhermūn and Bahrmun) is a city in and the capital of Nuq District, in Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bahreman	Nuq District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morissen (Romansh: Murissen) is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Morissen	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shur Hayat (Persian: شورحيات‎, also Romanized as Shūr Ḩayāt) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Shur Hayat	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavsi (Persian: كوسي‎, also Romanized as Kavsī) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kavsi	Nazluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witham's Cemetery is a cemetery in Gibraltar.	Witham's Cemetery	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eightmile River has its source along a small drainage into several small swamps in an undeveloped region about three miles east of Bashan in the town of East Haddam, Connecticut.	Eightmile River	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogovići (Serbian: Боговићи) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bogovići	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goworów (ɡɔˈvɔruf) (German: Lauterbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Goworów	Gmina Międzylesie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Grabostów (kɔˈlɔɲa ɡraˈbɔstuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Grabostów	Gmina Zelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beale Mountains are located in the Mojave National Preserve in eastern California.	Beale Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vyšehrad (Czech for ``upper castle'') is a historical fort located in the city of Prague, Czech Republic.	Vyšehrad	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shang Grand Tower, also known as simply the Shang Tower, is a high-end residential condominium skyscraper located in Makati, Philippines.	The Shang Grand Tower	Makati
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Qadamgah (Persian: حسن ابادقدمگاه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Qadamgāh; also known as Ḩasanābād, Ḩassanābād, and Qadamgāh) is a village in Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Qadamgah	Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłokowice (kwɔkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kłokowice	Gmina Fredropol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaffal-e Olya (Persian: جفال بالا‎, also Romanized as Jaffāl-e ``Olyā) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Jaffal-e Olya	Hoseyni Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngurah Rai International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Ngurah Rai) (IATA: DPS, ICAO: WADD), also known as Denpasar International Airport, is the main airport in Bali, located 13 km south of Denpasar.	Ngurah Rai International Airport	Denpasar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Hong Son Province (Thai: แม่ฮ่องสอน, pronounced (mɛ̂ː hɔ̂ŋ sɔ̌ːn); formerly called Mae Rong Son), also spelled Maehongson, Mae Hong Sorn or Maehongsorn, is one of the northern provinces (changwat) of Thailand, on the country's western border.	Mae Hong Son Province	Thailand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fivehead is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated on the Fivehead River, 8 miles (12.9 km) miles east of Taunton in the South Somerset district.	Fivehead	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldighofen (Alemannic German: Wàldighoffe) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Waldighofen	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility (RJDCF or RJD) is a state prison located in unincorporated southern San Diego County, California, near San Diego.	Richard J. Donovan Correctional Facility	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zallughal (Persian: زلوغال‎, also Romanized as Zallūghāl, Zūllūqāl, and Zallūqāl) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zallughal	Golbibi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz de Trescolmen is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, situated in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Piz de Trescolmen	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owli Qeshlaq (Persian: اولي قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Owlī Qeshlāq) is a village in Mulan Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Owli Qeshlaq	Mulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotpad is a town and a notified area committee in Koraput district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Kotpad	Koraput district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarzębiec (jaˈʐɛmbjɛt͡s) (German: Schönau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jarzębiec	Gmina Płoskinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Molla Aziz (Persian: كلاته ملاعزيز‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mollā ``Azīz) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 25 families.	Kalateh-ye Molla Aziz	Daman Kuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Statesville Christian School in Statesville, North Carolina is a nondenominational Christian K--12 school for students in the greater Statesville area.	Statesville Christian School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khedbrahma ( pronunciation ) is a town and a taluka in Sabarkantha, Gujarat.	Khedbrahma	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Bala (Persian: مزرعه بالا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bālā) is a village in Jabal Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 11 families.	Mazraeh-ye Bala	Jabal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosławowice (rɔswavɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rosławowice	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richardson Highway is a highway in the U.S. state of Alaska, running 368 miles (562 km) and connecting Valdez to Fairbanks.	Richardson Highway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmunds Center is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena at Stetson University in DeLand, Florida, that opened on December 5, 1974.	Edmunds Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sentinel Plain is an extensive northwest-southeast trending plain south of the Gila River Valley in southwestern Arizona, USA.	Sentinel Plain	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIOT-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a christian music format at 104.1 FM in Nipawin, Saskatchewan.	CIOT-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imer Hajji Allahyar (Persian: ايمرحاجي الهيار‎, also Romanized as Īmer Ḩājjī Allāhyār; also known as Īmer Khvājeh Allāhyār) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Imer Hajji Allahyar	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varduq (Persian: وردوق‎, also Romanized as Vardūq, Vardavaq, Vardevaq, and Wardavaq) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Varduq	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taconic Correctional Facility is a medium security women's prison in Bedford Hills, New York that is operated by the New York Department of Corrections.	Taconic Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old L & N Station in the northernmost section of the Bardstown Historic District of Bardstown, Kentucky is an historic railroad station on the National Register of Historic Places.	Old L & N Station	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge J. Frank Graff Bridge is a truss bridge connecting Manor Township and North Buffalo Township, Pennsylvania.	Judge J. Frank Graff Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dikti or Dicte (Greek: Δίκτη) (also Lasithiotika Ori; Greek: Λασιθιώτικα Όρη) is a mountain range on the east of the island of Crete in the regional unit of Lasithi.	Dikti	Crete
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vologda Oblast (Russian: Вологодская область, tr. Vologodskaya oblast; IPA: (vəlɐˈɡotskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast).	Vologda Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMGC (104.5 FM, ``The Rhythm of South Arkansas'') is a radio station broadcasting an urban contemporary music format.	KMGC	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pancratiuskerk (St. Pancras Church) is a Roman Catholic church in Heerlen in the Netherlands.	Pancratiuskerk	Heerlen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Felipe Martínez Sandoval was a multi-use stadium in Guadalajara, Mexico, that was also known as Parque Oro.	Estadio Felipe Martínez Sandoval	Guadalajara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Randolph-Henry High School is the only high school located in Charlotte County, Virginia, enrolling approximately 680 students (2008-2009) according to the Randolph-Henry guidance department.	Randolph-Henry High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Marzian (Persian: تازه ابادمرزيان‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Marzīān; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Chahardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Marzian	Chahardeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quirihue (Spanish pronunciation: (kiˈɾiwe)) is a Chilean city in Quirihue, Ñuble Province, Bío-Bío Region.	Quirihue	Ñuble Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguchwały (bɔɡuxˈfawɨ) (German: Alt Reichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Boguchwały	Gmina Miłakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tornareccio is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy, particularly noted for its apiaries and archaeological significance.	Tornareccio	Province of Chieti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parekkattukara is a small village in Thrissur district, Kerala, India, with a population of around 1000 families.	Parekkattukara	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cermak Road, also known as ``Twenty-Second Street'', is a 19-mile-long, major east-west artery on Chicago's near south and west sides and the city's western suburbs.	Cermak Road	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadsden is a hamlet in South Buckinghamshire, England, two miles north east of Princes Risborough.	Cadsden	Princes Risborough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vedelago (Venetian: Vedeàgo) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Venice and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Treviso.	Vedelago	Province of Treviso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2017, Farm Road 2017, or FM 2017 is a 9.2 miles (14.8 km) road maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) between FM 1523 in Culberson County and U.S. Route 90 in Jeff Davis County between Van Horn and Valentine.	Farm to Market Road 2017	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gostičaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Гостичај) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gostičaj	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardangah-e Quchemi (Persian: گردنگاه قوچمي‎, also Romanized as Gardangāh-e Qūchemī; also known as Gardāngāh) is a village in Homeyl Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gardangah-e Quchemi	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yamunanagar district (Hindi: यमुनानगर जिला) is one of the 21 districts of the Indian state of Haryana.	Yamunanagar district	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitney Avenue is a principal arterial connecting Downtown New Haven with the town center of Hamden in the U.S. state of Connecticut.	Whitney Avenue	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnków-Trzcianka County (Polish: powiat czarnkowsko-trzcianecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Czarnków-Trzcianka County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sur Shafilat (Persian: سورشفيع لات‎, also Romanized as Sūr Shafīʿlāt; also known as Sūr Shafīlāt) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sur Shafilat	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vowchurch is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England, situated in the Golden Valley, on the River Dore.	Vowchurch	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smarano (German: Smarein, Ladin: Smaran) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Trento.	Smarano	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The A. Alfred Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning (also Taubman College) is an undergraduate and graduate institution for the built environment at the University of Michigan.	Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kateh Shamshir-e Sofla (Persian: كته شمشيرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kateh Shamshīr-e Soflá and Kateh Shamshīr Soflá; also known as Kateh Shamshīr and Katteh Shamshīr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kateh Shamshir-e Sofla	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prince of Wales Stadium is a multi-sport stadium in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England, with a running track and athletics facilities.	Prince of Wales Stadium	Cheltenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sosna-Korabie (ˈsɔsna kɔˈrabjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sosna-Korabie	Gmina Suchożebry
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goose Lake Valley is located in south-central Oregon and northeastern California in the United States.	Goose Lake Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abd ol Majid (Persian: عبدالمجيد‎, also Romanized as ``Abd ol Majīd; also known as Fatḩābād) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 124, in 34 families.	Abd ol Majid	Sarjam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buleh Kola (Persian: بوله كلا‎, also Romanized as Būleh Kolā) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Buleh Kola	Esbu Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	High School for Recording Arts (HSRA) is a public charter high school located in the Midway neighborhood of Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.	High School for Recording Arts	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Binghamton Fire Department is the fire department providing fire protection and emergency medical services to the city of Binghamton, New York.	Binghamton Fire Department	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tower Life Building is a landmark and historic building in Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Tower Life Building	San Antonio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drążdżewo Nowe (drɔ̃ʐˈd͡ʐɛvɔ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jednorożec, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Drążdżewo Nowe	Gmina Jednorożec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abd-e Raghan (Persian: ابدرجهان‎, also Romanized as Abd-e Raghān) is a village in Ravar Rural District, in the Central District of Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abd-e Raghan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Nowruz (Persian: بندنوروز‎, also Romanized as Band-e Nowrūz) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Band-e Nowruz	Rudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoveyr-e Chari (Persian: زويرچري‎, also Romanized as Zoveyr-e Charī, Zoveyr-e Cherī, and Zovairé Cheri) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zoveyr-e Chari	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blanchette Memorial Bridge are a pair of twin cantilever bridges carrying Interstate 70 across the Missouri River between St. Louis County and St. Charles County, Missouri, opened in 1959.	Blanchette Memorial Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehmandust Rural District (Persian: دهستان مهماندوست‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mehmandust Rural District	Kuraim District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sąspów (ˈsɔ̃spuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowice-Przeginia, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sąspów	Gmina Jerzmanowice-Przeginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lambert Point Light was a small screwpile lighthouse in Norfolk, Virginia; it was built in 1872.	Lambert Point Light	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Douglas Arterial Road is a four-lane motorway located in Townsville, Queensland.	Douglas Arterial Road	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumberland Power Plant is a 2.6-GW pulverized coal-powered power station located at 36°23′29``N 87°39′17''W in Cumberland City, Tennessee, USA, on the south bank of Lake Barkley on the Cumberland River.	Cumberland Power Plant	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presbyterian College, commonly known as PC, is a four-year, private liberal arts college located in Clinton, South Carolina, United States and affiliated with the Presbyterian Church.	Presbyterian College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tikamgarh district (Hindi: टीकमगढ़ जिला) is one of the 50 districts of Madhya Pradesh state in central India.	Tikamgarh district	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałów Górny (miˈxawuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michałów Górny	Gmina Warka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Town Farm is a historic poor farm building at 430 Pelham Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.	Old Town Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masheh Kah (Persian: مشه كه‎) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Masheh Kah	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eugene Airport (IATA: EUG, ICAO: KEUG, FAA LID: EUG), also known as Mahlon Sweet Field, is a public airport 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Eugene, in Lane County, Oregon.	Eugene Airport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cegielnia-Rudki (t͡sɛˈɡʲɛlɲa ˈrutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Cegielnia-Rudki	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Shahrgariveh (Persian: چال شهرگريوه‎, also Romanized as Chāl Shahrgarīveh) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Shahrgariveh	Sadat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Englehart (Canada 2011 Census population 1,519) is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario, located on the Englehart River in the Timiskaming District.	Englehart	Timiskaming District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starved Rock Lock and Dam, also known as Lock and Dam No. 6, is a lock and dam facility managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers along the Illinois River.	Starved Rock Lock and Dam	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palos Verdes Peninsula is a landform and a geographic sub-region of the Los Angeles metropolitan area, within southwestern Los Angeles County in the U.S. state of California.	Palos Verdes Peninsula	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Funan County (simplified Chinese: 阜南县; traditional Chinese: 阜南縣; pinyin: Fùnán Xiàn) is a county of western Anhui Province, East China, under the administration of Fuyang City.	Funan County	Fuyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Neuf de Vincennes (``New Vincennes Fort'') is a fortification built on the grounds of the Château de Vincennes, on the east side of Paris.	Fort Neuf de Vincennes	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Dunlap is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River near the town of New Braunfels in Guadalupe County, Texas, USA.	Lake Dunlap	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizalu (Persian: ديزلو‎, also Romanized as Dīzalū; also known as Ādīzlū, Dīzā, and Diziloo) is a village in Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Dizalu	Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilmour Academy is an independent, Roman Catholic, coeducational, college-preparatory day and boarding school in the Cleveland suburb of Gates Mills, Ohio.	Gilmour Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yale University Art Gallery houses a significant and encyclopedic collection of art in several buildings on the campus of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.	Yale University Art Gallery	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gannett Peak is the highest peak in the U.S. state of Wyoming and straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette Counties along the Continental Divide.	Gannett Peak	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havasupai Trail is the main trail to Supai, Arizona, and to Havasu Falls.	Havasupai Trail	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binaba is a rural village in the Bawku West District of the Upper East Region in north Ghana.	Binaba	Bawku West District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dundrennan (Gaelic: Dun Droighnein) is a village in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland, about five miles east of Kirkcudbright.	Dundrennan	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gates Farm Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that crosses the Seymour River off State Route 15 in Cambridge, Vermont.	Gates Farm Covered Bridge	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horishnia Vyhnanka (Ukrainian: Горі́шня Ви́гнанка) is a village located in the Chortkiv Raion (district) of the Ternopil Oblast (province of Western Ukraine).	Horishnia Vyhnanka	Chortkiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The capital of Gdańsk County in Pomeranian Voivodeship since 1999, Pruszcz Gdański was a town in the Gdańsk Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998.	Pruszcz Gdański	Gdańsk County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budharaopet is a village in Khanapur Mandal of Warangal District in Telangana, India.	Budharaopet	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drummond Battery was a counter bombardment battery at Port Kembla, New South Wales, Australia, during World War II. Constructed in 1942 to provide protection for Port Kembla from enemy shipping and submarines.	Drummond Battery	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thwaite Mills is an industrial museum in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Thwaite Mills	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalur (Persian: خلور‎, also Romanized as Khalūr and Kholūr; also known as Khalūz) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District, Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khalur	Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDPN is an AM radio station in Alliance, Ohio, operating on 1310 kHz.	WDPN	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaratamo (Spanish: Zarátamo) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Zaratamo	Basque Country
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Yuru (Persian: ابويرو‎, also Romanized as Abū Yūrū and Abū Yowrū) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Yuru	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benillup (Valencian and Spanish: (beniˈʎup)) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benillup	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seewlisee (or Seewli) is a lake in Uri, Switzerland at an elevation of 2028 m. Its surface area is 9 ha.	Seewlisee	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronno (ˈbrɔnnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bronno	Gmina Łęczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neu Wulmstorf (Low German: Vosshusen) is a municipality ('Einheitsgemeinde') in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Neu Wulmstorf	Harburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Square des Batignolles, which covers 16,615 square metres of land (approximately four acres), is the largest green space in the 17th arrondissement of Paris.	Square des Batignolles	17th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doylestown Airport (IATA: DYL, ICAO: KDYL, FAA LID: DYL) is a public airport in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, owned by the Bucks County Airport Authority.	Doylestown Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vadamugam Vellode (வடமுகம் வெள்ளோடு)or V.Vellode, simply called as Vellode வ.வெள்ளோடு) is a village panchayat located in Erode district (Tamil Nadu / India).	Vadamugam Vellode	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owj (Persian: اويج‎, also Romanized as Auj) is a village in Afriz Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Owj	Afriz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rembieszów-Kolonia (rɛmˈbjɛʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rembieszów-Kolonia	Gmina Zapolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château des Chances is a ruined castle in the commune of Les Haies in the Rhône département of France, at the foot of the Pilat massif.	Château des Chances	Les Haies
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tecumseh Downtown Historic District is a historic district comprising the downtown commercial area of the city of Tecumseh in Lenawee County, Michigan.	Tecumseh Downtown Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVRP-FM (97.1 FM) is a commercial radio station in Haskell in the U.S. state of Texas, broadcasting to the northern sections of the Abilene, Texas, area.	KVRP-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Susnari-ye Sofla (Persian: سوسناري سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sūsnārī-ye Soflá; also known as Sūsnārī-ye Pā’īn and Sūsnsārī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Bajestan Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Susnari-ye Sofla	Bajestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saddleworth is a civil parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham in Greater Manchester, England.	Saddleworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Äußere Neustadt (English ``Outer New Town''), also known as Antonstadt after Anthony (German: Anton), King of Saxony, is a neighborhood in Dresden, Germany.	Äußere Neustadt	Dresden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churthara is a village in Jalesar tehsil, 19 kilometres (12 mi) from the district of Etah, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Churthara	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Örnsköldsvik Municipality (Örnsköldsviks kommun) is one of Sweden's 290 municipalities, in Västernorrland County in northern Sweden.	Örnsköldsvik Municipality	Västernorrland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portuense is the 11th quartiere (neighbourhood) of Rome (Italy), identified by the initials Q.XI.	Portuense	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkote is a town and in Debagarh district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Barkote	Debagarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kennedy's Theatre is a theater in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, part of the Playhouse Square.	Kennedy's Theatre	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Countryside (formerly Countryside Mall) is a shopping mall in Clearwater, Florida.	Westfield Countryside	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saaleck Castle (German: Burg Saaleck) lies only a few hundred metres from another castle, the Rudelsburg, further upstream on the Saale above Bad Kösen in the village of Saaleck in the district of Burgenlandkreis in Saxony-Anhalt.	Saaleck Castle	Bad Kösen
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Colman's Catholic School is a historic landmark located in Turtle Creek, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.	St. Colman's Catholic School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malton GO Station is a train and bus station in the GO Transit network, located near Toronto Pearson International Airport, in the community of Malton in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Malton GO Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Todwick is an affluent village in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham in South Yorkshire, England.	Todwick	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dartut-e Movvali (Persian: دارتوت موالي‎, also Romanized as Dārtūt-e Movvālī) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dartut-e Movvali	Jeygaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheghalu (Persian: چغالو‎, also Romanized as Cheghālū) is a village in Leylan-e Jonubi Rural District, Leylan District, Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Cheghalu	Leylan-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tweed Range is a mountain range which is the western extension of the Tweed Volcano caldera rim, part of the Scenic Rim of the Great Dividing Range, located in northern New South Wales, near the southeastern border of Queensland, in Australia.	Tweed Range	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puerto Gaitán (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpweɾto ɣaiˈtan)) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department, Colombia.	Puerto Gaitán	Meta
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Salvatore in Lauro (St. Salvatore at the Laurels) is a Catholic church in central Rome, Italy.	San Salvatore in Lauro	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Sur (Persian: گاوسور‎, also Romanized as Gāv Sūr; also known as Gausurkh, Gav-e Sorkh, and Gāv Sorkh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gav Sur	Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Atwater is a summer camp on Shore Road in North Brookfield, Massachusetts.	Camp Atwater	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fathabad-e Olya (Persian: فتح ابادعليا‎, also Romanized as Fatḩābād-e ``Olyā) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 40 families.	Fathabad-e Olya	Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Venetian Theatre is a movie theater, performing arts venue, and restaurant in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Venetian Theatre	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	No Name Key is an island located in the lower Florida Keys in the United States.	No Name Key	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dom Rubah Dan (Persian: دمروباه دان‎, also Romanized as Dom Rūbāh Dān; also known as Deh Mardū, Dehmīrdān, Dom Reydān, and Domrū Bādān) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dom Rubah Dan	Ahram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Ward or Ward 16 (French: Quartier Rivière) is a municipal ward located in Ottawa, Ontario.	River Ward	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roccapipirozzi is an Italian village, hamlet (frazione) of the municipality of Sesto Campano in the Province of Isernia, Molise.	Roccapipirozzi	Sesto Campano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tysaashvan (Ukrainian: Тисаашвань; Hungarian: Tiszaásvány, Ásvány) is a village located in the Uzhhorod Raion (district) in the Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Tysaashvan	Uzhhorod Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dún Ailinne (pronounced (ˈd̪ˠuːn̪ˠ ˈalʲɪ nʲə); sometimes anglicized Dun Aulin) is an ancient ceremonial site on the hill of Cnoc Ailinne (Knockaulin) in County Kildare, Ireland.	Dún Ailinne	County Kildare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 30 Jahadabad (Persian: مشاع 30جهاداباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 30 Jahādābād) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 30 Jahadabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helen Glacier is located east of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming.	Helen Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka-Młyn (dɔmˈbrufka ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dąbrówka-Młyn	Gmina Luzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green Bay Harbor Entrance Light is an offshore lighthouse north of Green Bay, Wisconsin.	Green Bay Harbor Entrance Light	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wajsznory (vai̯ʂˈnɔrɨ) (German Weischnuren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wajsznory	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qur'an Gate (Persian: دروازه قرآن‎ Darvāzeh Qur'an) is a historic gate in the north of Shiraz, Iran.	Qur'an Gate	Shiraz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conimbla National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Central West region of New South Wales in eastern Australia.	Conimbla National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of San Albino, formerly known as San Albino Church of Mesilla, is part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces and is located in Mesilla, New Mexico.	Basilica of San Albino	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barley Beach is the official GNIS name given to an undeveloped sandy beach on the Oregon Coast immediately north of Gold Beach in Curry County, United States.	Barley Beach	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Island Crossing State Park is a state park of Idaho, United States, interpreting the site of a ford of the Snake River on the Oregon Trail.	Three Island Crossing State Park	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibi, Burkina Faso is a village in Rollo Department of Bam Province in northern Burkina Faso, West Africa.	Ibi, Burkina Faso	Rollo Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jurna Vas (pronounced (ˈjuːɾna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Jurna vas) is a settlement in the hills south of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Jurna Vas	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malashi (Persian: ملاشي‎, also Romanized as Malāshī; also known Qorbānābād) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Malashi	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yates Oil Field is a giant oil field in the Permian Basin of west Texas.	Yates Oil Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edburton is a small village in West Sussex, England, on the road from Upper Beeding to Fulking.	Edburton	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lagonda Club Building is a historic clubhouse in downtown Springfield, Ohio, United States.	Lagonda Club Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPRF (98.7 FM, ``Jack FM'') is a commercial radio station located in Amarillo, Texas.	KPRF	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cordón is a central barrio (neighbourhood or district) of Montevideo, Uruguay, located directly East of the Centro.	Cordón	Montevideo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Collier County Courthouse is a historic two-story concrete and stucco courthouse building located in Everglades City, Florida.	Old Collier County Courthouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLXG is licensed to Lexington, Kentucky and serves the Lexington and Frankfort area.	WLXG	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarny Las-Kolonia (ˈt͡ʂarnɨ ˈlas kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Czarny Las-Kolonia	Gmina Józefów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartoszówek (bartɔˈʂuvɛk) (German: Barzdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bartoszówek	Gmina Strzegom
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santuario della Consolata or Sanctuary of the Virgin of the Consolation is a prominent Marian sanctuary and minor basilica in central Turin, Piedmont, Italy.	Santuario della Consolata	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mykilska Slobidka (Ukrainian: Микільська слобідка; Russian: Никольская слободка) was a former sloboda (settlement) located on the left-bank outskirts of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Mykilska Slobidka	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	The original Maroon Creek Bridge is a steel trestle along State Highway 82 at the western boundary of Aspen, Colorado, United States.	Maroon Creek Bridge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeydanlu (Persian: زيدانلو‎, also Romanized as Zeydānlū) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zeydanlu	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Holderness Freewill Baptist Church-Holderness Historical Society Building (Third Free Will Baptist Church of Holderness) is an historic church building in Holderness, New Hampshire.	North Holderness Freewill Baptist Church-Holderness Historical Society Building	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahneshan County (Persian: شهرستان ماه‌نشان‎) is a county in Zanjan Province in Iran.	Mahneshan County	Zanjan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magazine Gap Road (Chinese: 馬己仙峽道) is a winding road on the affluent and ultra-expensive Mid-levels and the Peak on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.	Magazine Gap Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torkampur (Persian: تركمپور‎, also Romanized as Torkampūr; also known as Torkambūr) is a village in Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Torkampur	Mehranrud-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Israel (formally Temple Israel of the City of New York) is a Reform congregation in Manhattan.	Temple Israel of the City of New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citrus College is a community college located in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendora, California.	Citrus College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podborcze (pɔdˈbɔrt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radecznica, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Podborcze	Gmina Radecznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witjira National Park is a protected area in South Australia about 987 kilometres (613 mi) north of the Adelaide city centre.	Witjira National Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuttlewood is a village situated about 2 miles north of Bolsover, in Bolsover District, Derbyshire, England.	Shuttlewood	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Gap Covered Bridge is a historic covered bridge located near Little Gap in Lower Towamensing Township, Carbon County, Pennsylvania.	Little Gap Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qajar-e Takht Rostam (Persian: قجرتخت رستم‎; also known as Qajar, Deh-e Qajar, Qajar-e Khāleşeh, and Qājārīyeh) is a village in Juqin Rural District, in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qajar-e Takht Rostam	Juqin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Pueblo Ribera Court is a complex of twelve duplexes at 230--248 Gravilla Street and 230--309 Playa del Sur in La Jolla, San Diego, California.	El Pueblo Ribera	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbotsford Convent is located in Abbotsford, Victoria, an inner city suburb of Melbourne, Australia.	Abbotsford Convent	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldstein Castle (German: Burg Waldstein) is a ruined castle on an eminence near Franzosenhof in the Waldstein valley near the village of Fischerbach in Ortenaukreis in the south German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Waldstein Castle	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milo Adventist Academy is a private Adventist high school in the rural unincorporated community of Milo, Oregon, United States.	Milo Adventist Academy	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reddam House is an independent, co-educational, non-denominational, day school, located in Woollahra (Pre-School to Year 9) and Bondi (Years 10 to 12), both Eastern Suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Reddam House	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghzavar (Persian: اغزوار‎, also Romanized as Aghzavār and Aghzevār; also known as Kalāteh-ye Aghzavār, Kalāteh Aghzvār, and Kheyrābād) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Aghzavar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Maratanza is the highest lake in New York's Shawangunk Ridge at 2,245 feet (684 m) above sea level.	Lake Maratanza	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snohomish High School is a secondary school located in the Snohomish School District, in Snohomish, Washington, United States.	Snohomish High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clintmains is a village by the River Tweed, in the parish of Mertoun, to the east of Newtown St Boswells, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, in the former county of Berwickshire.	Clintmains	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Askul Darreh (Persian: اسكول دره‎, also Romanized as Āsḵūl Darreh) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Askul Darreh	Chendar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mooreland Municipal Airport (ICAO: KMDF, FAA LID: MDF) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Mooreland, a city in Woodward County, Oklahoma, United States.	Mooreland Municipal Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lędzina (lɛnˈd͡ʑina) (German: Linsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lędzina	Gmina Krośnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East 73rd Street Historic District is a block of that street on the Upper East Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan.	East 73rd Street Historic District	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lutomski Most (luˈtɔmski ˈmɔst) (German: Luttomerbrück) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lutomski Most	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tari Mahalleh (Persian: تاري محله‎‎, also Romanized as Tārī Maḩalleh; also known as Ţāherī Maḩalleh) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tari Mahalleh	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuzandeh Jan-e Now (Persian: توزنده جان نو‎, also Romanized as Tūzandeh Jān-e Now) is a village in Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District, Taghenkoh District, Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tuzandeh Jan-e Now	Taghenkoh-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farah Kosh-e Sofla (Persian: فره كش سفلي‎, also Romanized as Faraḩ Kosh-e Soflá and Faraḩ Kash-e Soflá) is a village in Zagheh Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Farah Kosh-e Sofla	Zagheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandakli (Persian: كندكلي‎, also Romanized as Kandaklī and Kaandakali; also known as Kandkali and Kendikli) is a village in Sarakhs Rural District, in the Central District of Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kandakli	Sarakhs Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teddington is a town in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, south west London.	Teddington	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xidawu Township (Chinese: 西大吾乡) is a township-level division of Pingshan County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Xidawu Township	Pingshan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matsari (मत्सरी) is a village development committee in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Matsari	Rautahat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buckner Cabin, near Stehekin, Washington in Lake Chelan National Recreation Area is one of a group of structures relating to the theme of early settlement in the Lake Chelan area.	Buckner Cabin	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twycross is a small village and civil parish in Leicestershire, England, on the A444 road.	Twycross	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Brunswick (IATA: NHZ, ICAO: KNHZ, FAA LID: NHZ), also known as NAS Brunswick, was a military airport located 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of Brunswick, Maine with a number of Navy-operated maritime patrol aircraft.	Naval Air Station Brunswick	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre-Dame de la Daurade is a basilica in Toulouse, France.	Notre-Dame de la Daurade	Toulouse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatiara District Council is a local government area located in south eastern South Australia.	Tatiara District Council	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meyghan Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميغان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Meyghan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heerlerheide, in Limburgish Heëlehei or Gen Hei, is a Dutch village located in the commune of Heerlen, in the province of Dutch Limburg.	Heerlerheide	Heerlen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tyler County Courthouse and Jail in Middlebourne, West Virginia was built in 1854 to replace an 1829 structure.	Tyler County Courthouse and Jail	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siwe Bagno (ˈɕivɛ ˈbaɡnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Siwe Bagno	Gmina Cekcyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulti (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is an assembly constituency in Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Kulti (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Łozice (ˈnɔvɛ wɔˈʑit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowe Łozice	Gmina Bobolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louisville State Recreation Area (Louisville SRA) is a 192-acre (0.78 km2) recreation area located in Louisville, Nebraska along Nebraska Highway 50 on the south bank of the Platte River.	Louisville State Recreation Area	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samsing is a small hill village and tourist spot in the Malbazar subdivision of Jalpaiguri district of West Bengal situated at an elevation of 3000 ft in the foothills of Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling districts border.	Samsing	West Bengal	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapar Khaneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان چاپارخانه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chapar Khaneh Rural District	Khomam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadio Renzo Barbera (previously and still commonly known as Stadio La Favorita) is a football stadium in Palermo, Italy.	Stadio Renzo Barbera	Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żytkiejmy (ʐɨtˈkʲɛi̯mɨ) (German: Szittkehmen until 1936, 1936-38 Schittkehmen, 1938-46 Wehrkirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Żytkiejmy	Gmina Dubeninki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vannarpannai (Tamil: வண்ணார்பண்ணை) is a notable suburb within the Jaffna town municipality in the northern Jaffna District in Sri Lanka.	Vannarpannai	Jaffna District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Motor Teymoori (Persian: چاه موتور تیموری ‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Motor Teymoori	Ladiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parish Church of St Clement is the parish church of the parish of Saint Clement in Jersey.	Parish Church of St Clement	Saint Clement
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mont Chateau State Park was formerly a state park located beside Cheat Lake in Monongalia County, West Virginia, USA.	Mont Chateau State Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dansar Kaldan (Persian: دنسركالدان‎, also Romanized as Dansar Kāldān) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dansar Kaldan	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shams-e Hajjian (Persian: شمس حاجيان‎, also Romanized as Shams-e Ḩājjīān) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shams-e Hajjian	Baranduzchay-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel N. Brown House is a historic residence in southern Dayton, Ohio, United States.	Samuel N. Brown House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamidan (Persian: حميدان‎, also Romanized as Ḩamīdān; also known as Dehlā’īyeh and Deh Lāleh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hamidan	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queens Center is an urban shopping mall in the Elmhurst neighborhood of Queens, New York City, United States.	Queens Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shobeyshi-ye Bozorg (Persian: شبيشي بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Shobeyshī-ye Bozorg) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shobeyshi-ye Bozorg	Jaffal Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casa Bloc is a residential building built between 1932 and 1936 found in the Sant Andreu district of the city of Barcelona (Catalonia, Spain).	Casa Bloc	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building is a historic building located at Sabillasville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States.	Victor Cullen Center, Old Administration Building	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgar Wood Centre is a former Church of Christ, Scientist building in Fallowfield, Manchester, England.	Edgar Wood Centre	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portuguese Bend region is the largest area of natural vegetation remaining on the Palos Verdes Peninsula, in Los Angeles County, California.	Portuguese Bend	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viiratsi (before 1920: Wieratz) is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia.	Viiratsi	Viljandi Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grice-Fearing House is the oldest house (ca. 1798) in Elizabeth City, North Carolina, located at 200 South Road Street.	Grice-Fearing House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maple Terrace Court and Walton Apartments is a group of historic dwellings located at Charleston, West Virginia.	Maple Terrace Court and Walton Apartments	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	810 Seventh Avenue is a skyscraper located a few blocks north of Times Square on Seventh Avenue between 52nd and 53rd streets within Midtown Manhattan in New York City, United States.	810 Seventh Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Randall is a historic U.S. Army site in Madison, Wisconsin, named after Wisconsin Governor Alexander Randall.	Camp Randall	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYBB (98.1 FM, ``98 Rock'') is an active rock music formatted radio station in Charleston, South Carolina.	WYBB	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordbastan (Persian: كردبستان‎, also Romanized as Kordbastān and Kord-e Bostān; also known as Gard Bestān, Gord Bastān, and Gord-e Bostān) is a village in Dashtab Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kordbastan	Dashtab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazargan (Persian: گازرگان‎, also Romanized as Gāzargān; also known as Gāzargāh) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gazargan	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alaguz (Persian: الاگوز‎, also Romanized as Ālāgūz) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Alaguz	Chaharduli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portico Library, The Portico or Portico Library and Gallery on Mosley Street, Manchester, is an independent subscription library designed in the Greek Revival style by Thomas Harrison of Chester and built between 1802 and 1806.	The Portico Library	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cégep Limoilou is a French-language CEGEP in the province of Quebec, situated in Limoilou, a borough of Quebec City.	Cégep Limoilou	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spessartskopf is an Odenwald mountain in Hesse, Germany.	Spessartskopf	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulphur Springs Municipal Airport (IATA: SLR, ICAO: KSLR, FAA LID: SLR) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northwest of the central business district of Sulphur Springs, a city in Hopkins County, Texas, United States.	Sulphur Springs Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adilcevaz (also known as Elcevaz) is a town and district capital of the same-named district within Bitlis Province of Turkey.	Adilcevaz	Bitlis Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harnden Tavern, also known as the Col. Joshua Harnden Tavern, is a historic tavern that was built in 1770 at 430 Salem Street in Wilmington, Massachusetts.	Harnden Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cleveland Cinematheque is an alternative film theatre located in Cleveland, Ohio.	Cleveland Cinematheque	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christchurch Mansion is a substantial Tudor brick mansion house within Christchurch Park on the edge of the town centre of Ipswich, Suffolk, England.	Christchurch Mansion	Ipswich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Nebat (Persian: چاه نبات‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Nebāt) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Nebat	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łęgoń (ˈwɛnɡɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Łęgoń	Gmina Wschowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bretterspitze is a 2,608-metre-high summit in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Bretterspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalgrove is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire about 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Oxford.	Chalgrove	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sosnowa-Dębowa (sɔsˈnɔva dɛmˈbɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sosnowa-Dębowa	Gmina Komarów-Osada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Kamal, Zahedan (Persian: چاه کمال‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Kamal, Zahedan	Shuru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambridge Highlands also known as ``Area 12'', is a neighborhood of Cambridge, Massachusetts bounded by the railroad tracks on the north and east, the Belmont town line on the west, and Fresh Pond on the south.	Cambridge Highlands	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hareh Pak (Persian: هره پاك‎, also Romanized as Hareh Pāk) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hareh Pak	Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freerslev Church (Danish: Freerslev Kirke) is located in the Danish Diocese of Roskilde, Faxe Municipality in Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand.	Freerslev Church	Faxe Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Hesar (Persian: باب حصار‎, also Romanized as Bāb Ḩeşār) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Hesar	Balvard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Allen Field is a 1,000 seat soccer stadium on the campus of California State University, Long Beach in Long Beach, California.	George Allen Field	Long Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Designated a Seattle, Washington Landmark, the Norvell House was built in 1908 and is a late example of the Swiss chalet style of Architecture.	Norvell House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lagoon-A-Beach is a water park that is situated inside the Lagoon Amusement Park located in Farmington, Utah.	Lagoon-A-Beach	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh-ye Harcheh (Persian: دره هرچه‎) is a village in Bibi Hakimeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Harcheh	Bibi Hakimeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The island Frauenchiemsee (often called Fraueninsel) is the second largest of the three islands in Chiemsee, Germany.	Frauenchiemsee	Chiemsee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lynden Pindling International Airport (IATA: NAS, ICAO: MYNN), formerly known as Nassau International Airport, is the largest airport in the Bahamas and the largest international gateway into the country.	Lynden Pindling International Airport	Nassau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darb-e Raz (Persian: درب رز‎, also Romanized as Darb Raz; also known as Darb-e Zar, Dar-e Borz, and Dar-e Raz) is a village in Kezab Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Darb-e Raz	Kezab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point of Pines Sites is a set of archaeological sites in the U.S. state of Arizona that are significant for associations with Ancestral Pueblo, Mogollon and Hohokam cultures.	Point of Pines Sites	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeman Jeluq (Persian: يمان جلوق‎, also Romanized as Yemān Jelūq and Yemān Jeleq; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Yeman Jeluq	Ahmadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaaterskill Clove is a deep gorge, or valley, in New York's eastern Catskill Mountains, lying just west of the village of Palenville and in Haines Falls.	Kaaterskill Clove	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karandaq (Persian: كرندق‎; also known as Karanda, Karandāgh, Karandaraq, and Qaranda) is a village in Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Karandaq	Sanjabad-e Shomali Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Jahadabad (Persian: شهرك جهاداباد‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Jahādābād; also known as Jahādābād) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Jahadabad	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Rice (Lakota: Psíŋ Otȟúŋwahe; ``Wild Rice Village'') was a frontier military fort in the 19th century named for American Civil War General James Clay Rice in what was then Dakota Territory and what is now North Dakota.	Fort Rice	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Hawk Purchase, which can sometimes be called the Forty-Mile Strip or Scott's Purchase, extended along the West side of the Mississippi River from the north boundary of Missouri North to the Upper Iowa River.	Black Hawk Purchase	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Gooseberry River is a 4.8-mile-long (7.7 km) river in Lake County, Minnesota, United States.	Little Gooseberry River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Secrets of Radar Museum is a small museum located near Parkwood Hospital in London, Ontario, Canada.	Secrets of Radar Museum	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cle Elum Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Cle Elum River, in Washington state USA.	Cle Elum Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takht-e Sar Ab (Persian: تخت سراب‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Sar Āb) is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Sar Ab	Pian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Płoniawy (ˈnɔvɛ pwɔˈɲavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Płoniawy	Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura
located in the administrative territorial entity	W. L. Zorn Arena, more commonly known as Zorn Arena, is an arena located on the campus of UW-Eau Claire in Eau Claire, WI.	W. L. Zorn Arena	Eau Claire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Truro Aerodrome (ICAO: EGHY) is an unlicensed aerodrome located 3 NM (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) west northwest of Truro, Cornwall, England, UK.	Truro Aerodrome	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smólsko Małe (ˈsmulskɔ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Smólsko Małe	Gmina Biłgoraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łoniów-Kolonia (ˈwɔɲuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Łoniów-Kolonia	Gmina Łoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalkan-e Aftabru (Persian: كلكان افتابرو‎, also Romanized as Kalkān-e Āftābrū and Kalkān-e Āftāb Row) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalkan-e Aftabru	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herkimer High School is a junior/senior high school in the village of Herkimer, New York, United States.	Herkimer High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirkby Stephen is a civil parish and small market town in Cumbria, in North West England which historically, is part of Westmorland.	Kirkby Stephen	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Cliff is a borough of Dallas, Texas, United States that was formerly a separate town located in Dallas County;	Oak Cliff	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzchówko (vjɛʂˈxufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wierzchówko	Gmina Wierzchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slade Hotel, built in 1891 in Adrian, Minnesota, United States, is an example of Late Victorian architecture.	Slade Hotel	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kochlice (kɔˈxlit͡sɛ) (German: Kuchelberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kochlice	Gmina Miłkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Doane College Historic Buildings are located on the Doane College campus at 1014 Boswell Avenue in Crete, Nebraska, United States.	Doane College Historic Buildings	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culebra Pueblo (or Pueblo of Culebra), (Culebra Town in English), also known as the Town of Dewey, is a town in the island of Culebra, an island-municipality of the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.	Culebra Town	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taylor-Grady House, also known as the Henry W. Grady House, is a historic house museum and National Historic Landmark at 634 Prince Avenue in Athens, Georgia.	Henry W. Grady House	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport (ICAO: KVVS, FAA LID: VVS, formerly 2G3) is a public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of Connellsville in Dunbar Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lutz Children's Museum is a non-profit children's museum located in Manchester, Connecticut, USA.	Lutz Children's Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estádio D. Afonso Henriques (English: D. Afonso Henriques Stadium) is a football stadium in the city of Guimarães, Portugal.	Estádio D. Afonso Henriques	Guimarães
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansuriyeh-ye Seh (Persian: منصوريه سه‎, also Romanized as Manşūrīyeh-ye Seh) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mansuriyeh-ye Seh	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mabvuku is a high density suburb some 17 km east of Harare, the capital city of Zimbabwe.	Mabvuku	Harare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neshar (Persian: نشر‎, also Romanized as Nashar; also known as Nishār and Noh Shahreh) is a village in Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Neshar	Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumbum Valley, also called Kambam Valley, is a valley in the Theni district of Tamil Nadu state in India near the Kerala state border.This is the most fertile valley in south India, The valley includes lands between Thekkadi Hills, Varusanadu Hills, and Kodaikanal Hills.	Cumbum Valley	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubiatów-Zakrzew (luˈbjatuf ˈzakʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lubiatów-Zakrzew	Gmina Wolbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Community School is an alternative high school located in Hanford, California.	Kings Community School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oleszka (ɔˈlɛʂka) (German: Oleschka, 1936--45 Nieder Erlen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zdzieszowice, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Oleszka	Gmina Zdzieszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broad Exchange Building is located at 25 Broad Street, Manhattan, New York within the Financial District.	Broad Exchange Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairy Lake is a lake in Gallatin County, Montana at the base of the Sacagawea Peak, a part of the Bridger mountains in south central Montana.	Fairy Lake	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiechlice (vjɛˈxlit͡sɛ) (German: Neumannswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa, within Żagań County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wiechlice	Gmina Szprotawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olatapur is a village located in Bhadrak district of Orissa, India.	Olatapur	Bhadrak district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vražogrnci (Serbian: Вражогрнци) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Vražogrnci	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chupaca Province, located in Central Peru, is one of the nine provinces that compose the Junín Region, bordering to the north with the Concepción Province, to the east with the Huancayo Province, to the south with the Huancavelica Region and to the west with the Lima Region.	Chupaca Province	Junín Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSOM (600 AM) is a radio station in Salem, Ohio, USA, serving the Youngstown, Ohio market broadcasting at 600 kHz with a Talk format.	WSOM	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tooley Street falls within the London Borough of Southwark and was designated a Conservation Area in June 1988 (Tooley Street South) and February 1991 (Tooley Street South).	Tooley Street	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Chop Club Historic District is a historic district in Tisbury, Massachusetts, on the island of Martha's Vineyard.	West Chop Club Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yarnell Hill Fire was a wildfire near Yarnell, Arizona, ignited by lightning on June 28, 2013.	Yarnell Hill Fire	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allentown Central Catholic High School is a private, parochial school located at 301 North Fourth Street in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Allentown Central Catholic High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mambeethi is a place in Oorakam gram panchayat in Vengara mandalam of Tirurangadi taluka in the Malappuram district, state of Kerala, India.	Mambeethi	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaster is located in the municipality of Anzegem, located just south of this town along the N32 road.	Kaster	Anzegem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitworth Hall on Oxford Road and Burlington Street in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester, England, is part of the University of Manchester.	Whitworth Hall	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klamath Mountains are a rugged and lightly populated series of mountain ranges in northwestern California and southwestern Oregon in the western United States.	Klamath Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swansea (/ˈswɒnzi/ SWON-zee; Welsh: Abertawe (abɛrˈtauɛ), ``mouth of the Tawe''), officially known as the City and County of Swansea, is a coastal city and county in Wales.	Swansea	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Lythans (Welsh: Llwyneliddon) is an affluent hamlet and former parish in the Vale of Glamorgan, southeast Wales, just outside western Cardiff.	St Lythans	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pizzo Campolungo is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Prato and Dalpe in the Leventina valley of the canton of Ticino.	Pizzo Campolungo	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hrušta (Serbian Cyrillic: Хрушта) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Hrušta	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indian Burial Ground is a historic Native American cemetery on Narrow Lane in Charlestown, Rhode Island.	Indian Burial Ground	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Bay Marina is located in South Oak Bay, adjacent to the city of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada built on Turkey Head Point, The Oak Bay Marina is operated by The Oak Bay Marine Group.	Oak Bay Marina	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Lake Dam is a concrete and earth-fill dam at the outlet of Jackson Lake in northwestern Wyoming, USA.	Jackson Lake Dam	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torqabeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان طرقبه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Torqabeh Rural District	Torqabeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lucken Farm near Portland, North Dakota is a bonanza farm that was developed by 1888.	Lucken Farm	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tak-e Sifi (Persian: تكسيفي‎, also Romanized as Tak-e Sīfī; also known as Kalāt-e Sīfī) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tak-e Sifi	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The AT&T Huron Road Building (formally known as the Ohio Bell Building) is an art deco skyscraper located at 750 Huron Road in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.	AT&T Huron Road Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company Elevator A also known as the Ceresota Building and ``The Million Bushel Elevator'' was a receiving and public grain elevator built by the Northwestern Consolidated Milling Company in 1908 in Minneapolis, Minnesota in the United States.	Ceresota Building	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Landford is a village and civil parish 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Salisbury in Wiltshire, England.	Landford	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richard Henry Dana Branch, named after Richard Henry Dana, Jr and later known as the Cypress Park Branch, is a former branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Cypress Park, Los Angeles, California section of Los Angeles, California.	Richard Henry Dana Branch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tứ Lộc is a former district of Hải Hưng Province in South Vietnam.	Tứ Lộc	Hải Hưng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Melbourne Golf Club is a 36-hole golf club in Australia, located in Black Rock, Victoria, a suburb southeast of Melbourne.	Royal Melbourne Golf Club	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melini (Greek: Μελίνη) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, 4 km west of Ora.	Melini	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Zagość (ˈnɔva ˈzaɡɔɕt͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pińczów, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nowa Zagość	Gmina Pińczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Blue Heron Casino is located on Scugog Island, just east of the community of Port Perry, Ontario, and northeast of Toronto.	Great Blue Heron Casino	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Blackstone Friends Meetinghouse (also known as ``Mendon Lower Meeting'' or ``Smithfield Monthly Meeting'') is an historic Quaker meetinghouse on 197 Elm Street in Blackstone, Massachusetts.	East Blackstone Friends Meetinghouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shilin Yi Autonomous County (Chinese: 石林彝族自治县; pinyin: Shílín yízú Zìzhìxiàn) is an autonomous county, under the jurisdiction of Kunming, Yunnan, China.	Shilin Yi Autonomous County	Kunming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarnico is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Milan and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Bergamo at the southern end of Lake Iseo.	Sarnico	Province of Bergamo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Aquarium in Washington, D.C. was an aquarium in Washington D.C. It was located in the Herbert C. Hoover Building that was moved to the building since its creation in 1932.	Herbert C. Hoover Building	Washington D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Elgin Secondary School is a secondary school, located at 139 Graham Street in West Lorne, Ontario.	West Elgin Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rochelle Park-Rochelle Heights Historic District is a historic residential district located in the city of New Rochelle in Westchester, New York.	Rochelle Park-Rochelle Heights Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurbeyg (Persian: شوربيگ‎, also Romanized as Shūrbeyg; also known as Jalālābād and Shūrbek) is a village in Mian Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurbeyg	Mian Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	United Airlines Flight 227 (N7030U), a scheduled passenger flight from LaGuardia Airport New York City to San Francisco International Airport, California, crashed short of the runway while attempting a scheduled landing at Salt Lake City International Airport, Utah on November 11, 1965.	United Airlines Flight 227	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fifth Avenue Hotel was a luxury hotel located at 200 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, New York City from 1859 to 1908.	Fifth Avenue Hotel	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lostock Gralam is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England, east of Northwich.	Lostock Gralam	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valu Thimmapuram is a south Indian village in Peddapuram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh.	Valu Thimmapuram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuq District (Persian: بخش نوق‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nuq District	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hot Springs Municipal Airport (ICAO: KHSR, FAA LID: HSR) is a city-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) southeast of the central business district of Hot Springs, a city in Fall River County, South Dakota, United States.	Hot Springs Municipal Airport	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Regal Constellation Hotel was a large hotel with focus on trade shows, convention and hospitality training centre near Pearson International Airport near Toronto, Ontario.	Regal Constellation Hotel	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodcroft College (colloquially known simply as Woodcroft) is an independent, private Anglican, co-educational, international, day school for students from Reception to Year 12, located on Bains Road in the southern Adelaide suburb of Morphett Vale, South Australia.	Woodcroft College	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloede's Dam was a hydroelectric dam on the Patapsco River in Maryland.	Bloede's Dam	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dixie Regional Medical Center (DRMC) is a 245-bed hospital located on two campuses in St. George, Utah, United States.	Dixie Regional Medical Center	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Shafer is one of two reservoirs located in the Twin Lakes area of Monticello, Indiana.	Lake Shafer	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urbanov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈurbanof)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Urbanov	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maval is a tehsil in a subdivision of the same name, in the Pune district of Maharashtra, India.	Maval	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shidian County (施甸县; pinyin: Shīdiàn Xiàn) is located in Baoshan, Yunnan, China.	Shidian County	Baoshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daniel Boone Native Gardens, located in Boone, North Carolina, hosts a collection of North Carolina native plants in an informal landscaped design.	Daniel Boone Native Gardens	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNG545 is a NOAA Weather Radio station that is licensed to Holderness, New Hampshire.	WNG545	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Talkhdan-e Zilayi (Persian: گودتلخدان زيلائي‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Talkhdān-e Zīlāyī) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Talkhdan-e Zilayi	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arravonitsa (Greek: Αρραβωνίτσα) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Erineos, Achaea, Greece.	Arravonitsa	Erineos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burg Gnandstein or Gnandstein Castle is located in Gnandstein, part of the city of Kohren-Sahlis in the Leipziger Land district of Saxony, Germany.	Gnandstein Castle	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sophienholm is a former country house and exhibition venue located north on the shore of Lake Bagsværd in Lyngby-Taarbæk Municipality in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Sophienholm	Lyngby-Taarbæk Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zonouz or Zonuz (Persian: زنوز‎‎; Azerbaijani: zuzuz; also Romanized as Zunus) is a city in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zonuz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkeley I-80 bridge also known as the University Avenue Pedestrian Bridge and the Berkeley Marina Overpass is a 15-foot (4.6 m)-wide bridge spanning the Eastshore Freeway (Interstate 80/580) in Berkeley, California.	Berkeley I-80 bridge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkaraq (Persian: كركرق‎) is a village in Kalkharan Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Karkaraq	Kalkharan Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	V. R. Kota (Veera Raghavuni Kota) is one of the major villages in Prakasam District on the East Coast of India in the state of Andhra Pradesh, in a river valley.	V. R. Kota	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frodesley is a tiny village and civil parish in the English county of Shropshire, and is situated partly within the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.	Frodesley	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ureban (Persian: اوربان‎, also Romanized as Ūrebān) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ureban	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McElroy Octagon House, also known as the Colonial Dames Octagon House, is a historic octagonal house now located at 2645 Gough Street at Union Street in the Cow Hollow neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	McElroy Octagon House	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mareshk (Persian: مارشك‎, also Romanized as Māreshk; also known as Marshak and Marūshk) is a village in Kardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mareshk	Kardeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seattle Civic Center is a building complex in Seattle, Washington.	Seattle Civic Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estakhr-e Garuk (Persian: استخرگروك‎, also Romanized as Estakhr-e Garūk; also known as Estakhr-e Gorank, Estakhr-e Karnak, Estakhr-e Karūk, and Estakhr Korūk) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Estakhr-e Garuk	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Hill College was a boys' boarding school located in Ellicott City, Maryland.	Rock Hill College	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Macau University of Science and Technology Football Field (Chinese: 澳門科技大學運動場) is a football stadium in Taipa, Macau, China.	Macau University of Science and Technology	Taipa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais des Festivals et des Congrès is a convention center in Cannes, France, the venue for the Cannes Film Festival.	Palais des Festivals et des Congrès	Cannes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Four Embarcadero Center is a class-A office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.	Four Embarcadero Center	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Tech High International, often referred to as HTHI, is a public charter high school in San Diego, California with 391 students and 22 teachers.	High Tech High International	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kark-e Sofla (Persian: كرك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kark-e Soflá; also known as Kark) is a village in Giyan Rural District, Giyan District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kark-e Sofla	Giyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Tillinghast House is an historic colonial house at 142 Mill Street (facing Touro Park) in Newport, Rhode Island.	John Tillinghast House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Algona College an American institution of higher education operated in the city of Algona, in Kossuth County, Iowa, between 1869 and 1875.	Algona College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sułkowo-Kolonia (suu̯ˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sułkowo-Kolonia	Gmina Stupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton Lacy is a small village and geographically large civil parish located in south Shropshire, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Ludlow.	Stanton Lacy	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanora Mills (also known as the Hanora Lippitt Mills Apartments) are a historic textile mill complex at the junction of Bernon and Main Streets in the center of Woonsocket, Rhode Island.	Hanora Mills	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hirab (Persian: هيراب‎, also Romanized as Hīrāb; also known as Hīru) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hirab	Valanjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakrala Bhaika is a small village located in the Patiala district of Punjab State in India.	Kakrala Bhaika	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Ragusa (Italian: Provincia di Ragusa; Sicilian: Pruvincia 'i Rausa) is a province in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy, located in the south-east of the island.	Province of Ragusa	Sicily
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaulden is a residential district in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, England located west of the town centre and bordering on open countryside.	Chaulden	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stampede Dam (National ID # CA10192) is a dam in Sierra County, California, impounding the Little Truckee River.	Stampede Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cessange (Luxembourgish: Zéisseng, German: Zessingen) is a quarter in south-western Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Cessange	Luxembourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austis (Latin: Augustae, Sardinian: Aùstis) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) southwest of Nuoro.	Austis	Province of Nuoro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emily Kimbrough Historic District is a historical neighborhood in downtown Muncie, Indiana.	Emily Kimbrough Historic District	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loch Dhu is a house in northwestern Berkeley County, South Carolina about 7 mi (11 km) east of Eutawville, South Carolina.	Loch Dhu	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fundy High School (FHS) is a high school that services eastern Charlotte County in southern New Brunswick, Canada.	Fundy High School	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radøy is an island municipality in the Nordhordland district in Hordaland county, Norway.	Radøy	Hordaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	James Connally Air Force Base was an United States Air Force base located north of Waco, Texas.	James Connally Air Force Base	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Grange Country Club is a private golf club in La Grange, Illinois, a suburb southwest of Chicago.	La Grange Country Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Saints Catholic Senior College, is a co-educational, Catholic systemic secondary school located at Casula, New South Wales, Australia.	All Saints Catholic Senior College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żurawce (ʐuˈraft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Żurawce	Gmina Lubycza Królewska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahanguiyeh (Persian: كهنگوئيه‎, also Romanized as Kahangū’īyeh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahanguiyeh	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tunis Governorate (Tunisian Arabic: ولاية تونس‎ Wilāyat Tūnis pronounced (ˈtuːnɪs)) is the smallest and most populated of the twenty-four governorates (provinces) of Tunisia.	Tunis Governorate	Tunisia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iwie (ˈivjɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Iwie	Gmina Rzeczenica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buchmany (Ukrainian: Бучмани) is an urban-type settlement in Olevsk Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Buchmany	Olevsk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seton Hall Preparatory School, generally called Seton Hall Prep or ``The Prep'', is a Roman Catholic all boys' high school located in the suburban community of West Orange in Essex County, New Jersey, operating under the supervision of the Archdiocese of Newark.	Seton Hall Preparatory School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chichester Railroad Station was the Ulster and Delaware Railroad's small station that served the village of Chichester, New York, branch MP 1.6.	Chichester Railroad Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louvre Pyramid (Pyramide du Louvre) is a large glass and metal pyramid designed by Chinese American architect I.M. Pei, surrounded by three smaller pyramids, in the main courtyard (Cour Napoléon) of the Louvre Palace (Palais du Louvre) in Paris.	Louvre Pyramid	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Essex County Fairgrounds is a historic county fair located at Westport in Essex County, New York.	Essex County Fairgrounds	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colrain Center Historic District encompasses the historic center of Colrain, Massachusetts, a rural hill town in northwestern Franklin County.	Colrain Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamacine (Arabic: ﺑﻠﻴﺪة ﻋﺎﻣﺮ‎) (sometimes written Témacine) is a town and commune, and capital of Témacine District, in Ouargla Province, Algeria.	Tamacine	Témacine District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maylands Airport (also known as Maylands Aerodrome, Maylands Airfield) on the Maylands peninsula, in Maylands, Western Australia was the main landing place of a significant number of record breaking flights in the early stages of flight in Australia.	Maylands Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borowiczki-Pieńki (bɔrɔˈvit͡ʂki ˈpjɛɲki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borowiczki-Pieńki	Gmina Słupno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Börnicke is a component locality of the town of Nauen in the Landkreis Havelland district of Brandenburg, Germany.	Börnicke	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoodleigh is a village and civil parish in the Mid Devon district of Devon, England, located 6 miles (10 km) north of Tiverton and 5 miles (8 km) south of Bampton.	Stoodleigh	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niekładź (ˈɲekwat͡ɕ) (formerly German Neklatz) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.	Niekładź	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavik-e Vosta (Persian: بويك وسطي‎, also Romanized as Bavīk-e Vosţá; also known as Bavīk and Bawīk) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bavik-e Vosta	Shakhenat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Irma Hotel is a landmark in Cody, Wyoming.	Irma Hotel	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andlau is a French commune in the Bas-Rhin department in the Alsace region of northeastern France.	Andlau	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardrud District (Persian: بخش سردرود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Sardrud District	Hamadan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abeh Mohammadjan (Persian: ابه محمدجان‎, also Romanized as Ābeh Moḥammadjān) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abeh Mohammadjan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort d'Ivry was built in the Paris suburb of Ivry-sur-Seine between 1841 and 1845 as one of the forts in a ring of strong points surrounding Paris.	Fort d'Ivry	Ivry-sur-Seine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohrevard Rural District (Persian: دهستان سهرورد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sohrevard Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackwattle Bay is a bay located to the south--east of Glebe Island and east of Rozelle Bay on Sydney Harbour, in New South Wales, Australia.	Blackwattle Bay	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golarcheh-ye Sofla (Persian: گلرچه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Golārcheh-ye Soflá; also known as Golārcheh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Golarcheh-ye Sofla	Jannatabad Rural District	Salehabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuyvesant Polyclinic Hospital is a defunct hospital which was located at 137 Second Avenue in Manhattan, New York City from 1884 to 2007, under a number of different names.	Stuyvesant Polyclinic	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgewater High School is a public secondary school located in the College Park section of Orlando, Florida.	Edgewater High School	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watkowice Małe (vatkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Watkowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Watkowice Małe	Gmina Ryjewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumanlı (Greek: Σάντα, Santa) was formerly a mid-size town in Gümüşhane Province of Turkey, close to its border with Trabzon Province; today it is only a village in Gümüşhane district.	Dumanlı	Gümüşhane
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Cuyama Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the Cuyama Valley and the adjacent northern foothills of the Sierra Madre Mountains in northeastern Santa Barbara County, California.	South Cuyama Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leixlip (/ˈliːkslɪp/ or /ˈliːslɪp/; Irish: Léim an Bhradáin) is a town in north-east County Kildare, Ireland.	Leixlip	County Kildare
located in the administrative territorial entity	American River College (ARC) is a California community college located in the unincorporated area of Sacramento, California in northern Sacramento County, California.	American River College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oolenoy Baptist Church Cemetery is a historic Baptist church cemetery located near Pickens, Pickens County, South Carolina.	Oolenoy Baptist Church Cemetery	Pickens County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bareh Kheyreh (Persian: بره خيره‎, also Romanized as Bara Khaireh, Bareh-ye Kheyreh, Bare-Xeyre, Berah Kheyreh; also known as Bard-e Kheyreh) is a village in Boluran Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bareh Kheyreh	Boluran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Epping is a shopping centre in Epping, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.	Pacific Epping	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stephen Storm House is located on the NY 217 state highway just east of Claverack, New York, United States.	Stephen Storm House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centro Poliesportivo Pinheiro, also known as the Pinheirão is a football stadium inaugurated on June 15, 1985 in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil, with a maximum capacity of 35,000 people.	Pinheirão	Curitiba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glanton is a small rural village, in the county of Northumberland, England.	Glanton	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Zawadzki (ˈlas zaˈvat͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Las Zawadzki	Gmina Widawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUMX (106.7 FM) is the West Central Louisiana only Adult Contemporary radio station.	KUMX	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamul (Persian: كمول‎, also Romanized as Kamūl; also known as Kamūl-e Karam Khānī and Karam Khānī) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Kamul	Bijnavand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wind River Arboretum, part of the Wind River Experimental Forest, is a research arboretum located in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest, Carson, Washington.	Wind River Arboretum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Point at RIT (originally referred to as ``Collegetown'' or ``College Park'') is a commercial enterprise on the northeast corner of Rochester Institute of Technology's campus in Rochester, New York.	Park Point at RIT	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSDE-LP (104.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to De Soto, Iowa, USA, the station serves to the west of the Des Moines area.	KSDE-LP	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bertram Bridge, also known as the Ely Street Bridge, was a historic structure located near the town of Bertram in rural Linn County, Iowa, United States.	Bertram Bridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fjære municipality was located to the north of the town of Grimstad, and the name is still used to refer to that area, which is now a part of Grimstad.	Fjære	Grimstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pąkowo (pɔnˈkɔvɔ) (German: Pakows Hof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Widuchowa, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Pąkowo	Gmina Widuchowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kauklahti (Finnish) or Köklax (Swedish, alternative spelling Köklaks, old Finnish Kaukalaksi) is a district of Espoo, in the Greater Helsinki area of Finland.	Kauklahti	Espoo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyd & Parker Park and Groveland Ambuscade is a historic park area, located near Groveland in Livingston County, New York.	Boyd & Parker Park and Groveland Ambuscade	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Luther Burbank Rose Parade and Festival is an annual festival held in Santa Rosa, California celebrating Luther Burbank and his contribution to the world through a series of events.	Luther Burbank Rose Parade and Festival	Santa Rosa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tippapura also spelled as Thippapura (Kannada: ತಿಪ್ಪಾಪುರ ) is a village in the Mundargi taluk of Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Tippapura	Gadag district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wylany (vɨˈlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebieszów, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wylany	Gmina Trzebieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hang Seng Bank Tower is the headquarters of Hang Seng Bank in Shanghai.	Hang Seng Bank Tower	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minim Island Shell Midden (38GE46) is a historic midden and archaeological site located near Georgetown, Georgetown County, South Carolina.	Minim Island Shell Midden (38GE46)	Georgetown County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esik (Kazakh: Есік, also spelled Issyk, Yesik and Yesyk) is a town in Almaty Region of Kazakhstan, the administrative center of Enbekshikazakh District.	Esik	Almaty Region	Enbekshikazakh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Kol (Persian: سياه كل‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Kol; also known as Sīāh Gol) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Siah Kol	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Creek Prairie Audubon Center is an 808-acre (327 ha) tallgrass prairie nature preserve located southwest of Lincoln, Nebraska near Denton.	Spring Creek Prairie Audubon Center	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleehill is a village in south Shropshire, England.	Cleehill	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monticello Grange No. 338 is a historic civic building on United States Route 1 in the heart of Monticello, Maine.	Monticello Grange No. 338	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilkiejmy (vilˈkʲɛi̯mɨ) (German: Walkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wilkiejmy	Gmina Jeziorany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dal Khushdan (Persian: دال خوش دان‎, also Romanized as Dāl Khūshdān) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dal Khushdan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballaghaderreen (Irish: Bealach an Doirín) is a town in County Roscommon, located on the N5 National primary road.	Ballaghaderreen	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahaneh-ye Sofla (Persian: طهنه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ţahaneh-ye Soflá and Ţahneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tahaneh-ye Sofla	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zwrócona (zvruˈt͡sɔna) (German: Protzan) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zwrócona	Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albuquerque Plaza, also known as the Bank of Albuquerque Tower, is a 107 m (351 ft) high-rise on the south side of Civic Plaza 201 Third Street NW, in Downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Albuquerque Plaza	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Evon Zartman Vogt Ranch House is a historic house in the U.S. state of New Mexico.	Evon Zartman Vogt Ranch House	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salem Maritime National Historic Site is a National Historic Site consisting of 12 historic structures, one replica tall-ship, and about 9 acres (36,000 m2) of land along the waterfront of Salem Harbor in Salem, Massachusetts.	Salem Maritime National Historic Site	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freester is a settlement on Mainland, Shetland, Scotland.	Freester	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loockerman Hall is an historic home located on the campus of Delaware State University at Dover, Kent County, Delaware.	Loockerman Hall	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pearsons Hall of Science is located on the campus of Beloit College in Beloit, Wisconsin.	Pearsons Hall of Science	Beloit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Asa and Sylvester Abbot House is a historic rural two-family house at 15-17 Porter Road in Andover, Massachusetts.	Asa and Sylvester Abbot House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sylvania Mountains are located in Inyo County, California and Esmeralda County, Nevada in the United States.	Sylvania Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyankpala is a village in the Tolon-Kumbungu District, about 20 km south-west of Tamale, the capital of the Northern Region in north Ghana.	Nyankpala	Tolon-Kumbungu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teck Railway (German: Teckbahn) is a branch line in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, connecting Wendlingen am Neckar with Kirchheim unter Teck and Oberlenningen.	Teck Railway	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kneeland Airport (IATA: NLN, FAA LID: O19) is a public airport operated by Humboldt County 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Eureka, California.	Kneeland Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mărgău (German: Meregau; Hungarian: Meregyó) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Mărgău	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Mozd (Persian: پيرمزد‎, also Romanized as Pīr Mozd) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pir Mozd	Razavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kash Kuk (Persian: كش كوك‎, also Romanized as Kash Kūḵ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kash Kuk	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil is a church on the Auteuil hill in the 16e arrondissement de Paris.	Notre-Dame-d'Auteuil	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Handley Wildlife Management Area is located on 784 acres (317 ha) northwest of Marlinton in Pocahontas County, West Virginia.	Handley Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koyonkara is a small village situated in Trikarpur Panchayath of Kasaragod district, Kerala, India.	Koyonkara	Kasaragod district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pabor Lake is north of the city of Avon Park, Florida.	Pabor Lake	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halleypike Lough is an inland lake on Haughton common at the southern edge of Northumberland National Park, northeast of Bardon Mill, and 1 mile (1.6 km) north of the B6318 Military Road road in Northumberland, northern England.	Halleypike Lough	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tongland is a small village about 2 miles north of Kirkcudbright, in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Tongland	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolqan (Persian: بلقان‎, also Romanized as Bolqān; also known as Bolgān) is a village in Varqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bolqan	Varqeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseyn Khanlu (Persian: حسين خانلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Khānlū) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Khanlu	Pain Barzand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Picassent (Valencian pronunciation: (pikaˈsent)) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Sud in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Picassent	Horta Sud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głuchów-Lasy (ˈɡwuxuf ˈlasɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Głuchów-Lasy	Gmina Raków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaumaris (/bjuːˈmærɨs/; Welsh: Biwmares (bɪuˈmɑːrɛs)) is a former royal borough, a community, and the former county town of Anglesey, Wales.	Beaumaris	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haverstraw King's Daughters Public Library's original home, also known as the Fowler Library Building, is located at Main and Allison streets in the village of Haverstraw, New York, United States.	Haverstraw King's Daughters Public Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tablan (Persian: تبلان‎, also Romanized as Tablān; also known as Tablū, Tahbalu, and Tablow) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tablan	Nimbeluk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meifod, formerly also written Meivod ( Welsh pronunciation ), is a small village and electoral ward 7 miles north-west of Welshpool in Powys, mid Wales, on the A495 road and located in the valley of the River Vyrnwy.	Meifod	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fuladi-ye Sofla (Persian: فولادي سفلي‎, Sorani Kurdish: پۆڵایی خوارو, also Romanized as Fūlādī-ye Soflá; also known as Fūlādī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Bazan Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Fuladi-ye Sofla	Kermanshah Province
member of political party	Ernst Streeruwitz (until 1919 Ernst Ritter Streer von Streeruwitz; 23 September 1874 - 19 October 1952, Vienna) was an Austrian officer, businessman, and politician of the Christian Social Party.	Ernst Streeruwitz	Christian Social Party
member of political party	William Henry Drew (1854-1933) was a British textile worker, early trade unionist and one of the founders of the Independent Labour Party.	William Henry Drew	Independent Labour Party
member of political party	Rodrigo Medina de la Cruz (born September 9, 1972 Monterrey, Nuevo Leon) is Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Rodrigo Medina de la Cruz	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Ahmad Tibi (Arabic: أحمد الطيبي‎, Hebrew: אחמד טיבי‎, Arabic pronunciation: (ˈ(ʔ)æħmæd (atˤ)ˈtˤiːbi), sometimes spelled Ahmed Tibi; born 19 December 1958) is an Arab-Muslim Israeli politician and leader of the Arab Movement for Change (Ta'al), an Arab party in Israel.	Ahmad Tibi	Ta'al
member of political party	Mangal Sein ( 1927- 1990) was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Haryana and the deputy chief minister of Haryana from 1977 to 1979.	Mangal Sein	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Ghiță Moscu (born Gelbert or Gelber Moscovici, also known as Alexandru Bădulescu, Russian: Александр Саимович Бадулеску; 1889 -- November 4, 1937) was a Romanian socialist and communist activist, one of the early leaders of the Romanian Communist Party and its permanent delegate to the Third International.	Ghiță Moscu	Romanian Communist Party
member of political party	Josep Lluís Albiñana Olmos (born 1943, in Valencia, Spain) is a Spanish judge and former politician in the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Josep Lluís Albiñana Olmos	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	In 1949, Ma Buqing evacuated with his family to Taiwan along with the Kuomintang Republic of China government becoming advisor to the Ministry of Defense.	Ma Buqing	Kuomintang
member of political party	Saroj Pandey (Hindi: सरोज पांडे) is a politician and a member of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Saroj Pandey	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Torbjørn Røe Isaksen (born 28 July 1978) is a Norwegian politician, MP for the Conservative Party and Minister of Education and Research since 16 October 2013.	Torbjørn Røe Isaksen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Peter Jahr was a member of the Democratic Farmers' Party of Germany from 1988 to 1990 and joined the Christian Democratic Union in 1990.	Peter Jahr	Democratic Farmers' Party of Germany	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Władysław Sidorowicz (17 September 1945 -- 24 July 2014) was a Polish senator, representing Civic Platform.	Władysław Sidorowicz	Civic Platform
member of political party	Sir Frederick Seager Hunt, 1st Baronet (27 April 1838 -- 21 January 1904) was a British Conservative Party politician, and a prominent distiller.	Frederick Seager Hunt	Conservative Party
member of political party	Gerrit Bolkestein (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣɛrɪd ˈbɔlkəstɛin); 9 October 1871 in Amsterdam -- 8 September 1956 in The Hague) was a Dutch politician and member of the Free-thinking Democratic League.	Gerrit Bolkestein	Free-thinking Democratic League
member of political party	James P. Vreeland (February 4, 1910 -- July 2, 2001) is an American Republican Party politician who served four terms in the New Jersey Senate after a term in the New Jersey General Assembly.	James P. Vreeland	Republican Party
member of political party	Om Birla (born December 4, 1962) is an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party and Member of Parliament in the 16th Lok Sabha from the Kota-Bundi constituency of Rajasthan state.	Om Birla	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Jide Omokore is a philanthropist and chieftain of People's Democratic Party (Nigeria), PDP.	Jide Omokore	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Gideon Sa'ar (Hebrew: גִּדְעוֹן סַעַר; born 9 December 1966) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the political party Likud between 2003 and 2014.	Gideon Sa'ar	Likud
member of political party	Spyros Danellis (Greek: Σπύρος Δανέλλης; born 28 January 1955) is a Greek politician and a Panhellenic Socialist Movement Member of European Parliament since October 2009.	Spyros Danellis	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	Elena Kountoura (Greek: Έλενα Κουντουρά, also Anglicised and Gallicised Elena Koundoura, b. 1962) is a Greek politician, currently Alternate Minister of Tourism in the Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras, and Member of Parliament for Athens A, for the Independent Greeks, and earlier for New Democracy.	Elena Kountoura	Independent Greeks	New Democracy
member of political party	Gerry Breen is an Irish former Fine Gael politician and Lord Mayor of Dublin.	Gerry Breen	Fine Gael
member of political party	Ludvig Larsen Kragtorp (14 November 1862 - ??) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Liberal Party.	Ludvig Larsen Kragtorp	Liberal Party
member of political party	Elmer H. Wene (May 1, 1892 -- January 25, 1957) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1937 to 1939 and again from 1941 to 1945.	Elmer H. Wene	Democratic Party
member of political party	Francisco Fernández Marugán (Cáceres, Spain, 6 October 1946) is a Spanish economist and politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) and a long serving member of the Spanish Congress.	Francisco Fernández Marugán	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Naomi Rivera was a United States politician of the Democratic Party who represented District 80 in the New York State Assembly from 2004 to 2012.	Naomi Rivera	Democratic Party
member of political party	Bernard Alexander Montgomery Grant (17 February 1944 -- 8 April 2000), known simply as Bernie Grant, was a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Tottenham from 1987 to his death in 2000.	Bernie Grant	Labour Party
member of political party	Louisa Hanoune (Arabic: لويزة حنون‎) (born 7 April 1954) is the head of Algeria's Workers' Party (Parti des Travailleurs, PT).	Louisa Hanoune	Workers' Party
member of political party	Randy Corman (born c. 1960) is an American Republican Party politician who served a single term in the New Jersey Senate, from 1992 to 1994, where he represented the 19th Legislative District, which covers portions of Middlesex County.	Randy Corman	Republican Party
member of political party	Robert Woonton (born 1949) was the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands from 11 February 2002 until 11 December 2004, and is a member of the centrist Democratic Party.	Robert Woonton	Democratic Party
member of political party	Krishna Pratap is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Jaunpur (Lok Sabha constituency).	Krishna Pratap	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	José María Michavila Núñez (Madrid, Spain, 28 March 1960) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the governing People's Party (PP).	José María Michavila	People's Party
member of political party	On 28 September 1986, for the first time, Gérard Larcher was elected Senator of Yvelines for the Rally for the Republic (RPR).	Gérard Larcher	Rally for the Republic
member of political party	Sir Cyril Atkinson (9 May 1874 -- 29 January 1967) was an English barrister and Conservative Party politician.	Cyril Atkinson	Conservative Party
member of political party	Emine Ülker Tarhan (born 29 November 1963) is a Turkish jurist and politician formerly from the Republican People's Party (CHP).	Emine Ülker Tarhan	Republican People's Party
member of political party	Nihar Mukherjee was an Indian politician who served as General Secretary of the Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist) (SUCI (C)).	Nihar Mukherjee	Socialist Unity Centre of India
member of political party	Luis Antonio Hierro López is a prominent member of the Uruguayan Colorado Party, and is from a distinguished political family.	Luis Antonio Hierro López	Colorado Party
member of political party	Jesse Travis is a Canadian politician, who was the interim leader of the New Brunswick New Democratic Party from November 2010 to March 2011.	Jesse Travis	New Brunswick New Democratic Party
member of political party	María Serrano Serrano (born 5 April 1957 in San Javier, Sinaloa) is a Mexican politician and member of the Partido Acción Nacional (``National Action Party'', PAN).	María Serrano Serrano	National Action Party
member of political party	André Kagwa Rwisereka (31 December 1949 -- 13 July 2010) was vice-chairman of the Democratic Green Party of Rwanda, a political party founded in August 2009 in Rwanda.	André Kagwa Rwisereka	Democratic Green Party of Rwanda
member of political party	Veena Anand is an Indian politician and a former member of the Aam Aadmi Party.	Veena Anand	Aam Aadmi Party
member of political party	Marjolain Dufour (born November 28, 1958 in Baie-Comeau, Quebec) is a former politician in Canada, who was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec, representing the electoral district of René-Lévesque in the Côte-Nord region, from 2003 to 2015.	Marjolain Dufour	Parti Québécois
member of political party	Frederick Seymour Cocks (25 October 1882 -- 29 May 1953) was a British Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP).	Seymour Cocks	Labour Party
member of political party	Stefania Prestigiacomo (born December 16, 1966 in Siracusa) is an Italian politician, member of the centre-right political party The People of Freedom and Member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy since 1994.	Stefania Prestigiacomo	The People of Freedom
member of political party	Womesh Chunder Bonnerjee (or Umesh Chandra Banerjee by current English orthography of Bengali names) (29 December 1844 -- 21 July 1906) was an Indian barrister and was the first president of Indian National Congress.	Womesh Chunder Bonnerjee	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Kristen Dexter (July 20, 1961) is a Democratic Party politician and former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, who represented the 68th Assembly District from 2009 to 2011.	Kristen Dexter	Democratic Party
member of political party	Ravi S. Naik (born 1947) is a former chief minister and Indian National Congress politician in Goa, India.	Ravi S. Naik	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Guy André (born November 17, 1959 in Montreal, Quebec) was a Bloc Québécois member of the Canadian House of Commons from the riding of Berthier--	Guy André	Bloc Québécois
member of political party	Senator George Thompson Sekibo CON is a Nigerian senator who represents the People's Democratic Party (PDP) in Rivers State.	George Thompson Sekibo	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Michael Falcon (born 21 July 1888 at Norwich, Norfolk; died 27 February 1976 at Norwich) was a British Conservative Party politician and an amateur cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1908 to 1936.	Michael Falcon	Conservative Party
member of political party	Masrour Barzani (Kurdish: مه‌سروور بارزانی، Mesrúr Barzaní, Arabic: مسرور بارزاني) (born 1969) is a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party leadership, son of Kurdistan Region President Masoud Barzani, and is the Chancellor of the Kurdistan Region Security Council in Iraqi Kurdistan.	Masrour Barzani	Kurdistan Democratic Party
member of political party	Berit Reiss-Andersen (born 11 July 1954 in Drøbak) is a Norwegian lawyer, author and former politician for the Norwegian Labour Party.	Berit Reiss-Andersen	Norwegian Labour Party
member of political party	Gilberto Hinojosa is a former Cameron County, Texas, judge and is the current chair of the Texas Democratic Party.	Gilberto Hinojosa	Democratic Party
member of political party	A. Vijayaraghavan a politician from Communist Party of India (Marxist) was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Kerala in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.	A. Vijayaraghavan	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Porika Naik Balram known as Balram Naik (born 6 June 1964) is an Indian politician and a member of the Indian National Congress political party.	Balram Naik	Indian National Congress
member of political party	John Jacob Dunnett (born 24 June 1922), known as Jack Dunnett, is a British Labour Party politician.	Jack Dunnett	Labour Party
member of political party	Yi-Ju Christopher Wang, commonly known as Chris Wang (born May 15, 1977, Chinese: 王翊儒; pinyin: Wáng Yìrú) is an African National Congress member of the National Assembly of South Africa.	Chris Wang	African National Congress
member of political party	Frank Soskice, Baron Stow Hill, PC (23 July 1902 -- 1 January 1979) was a British lawyer and Labour Party politician.	Frank Soskice, Baron Stow Hill	Labour Party
member of political party	Marinko Čavara (2 February 1967) is a Bosnian Croat politician and prominent member of the Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Marinko Čavara	Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina
member of political party	K. V. Subba Reddy is an Indian politician who was an Indian National Congress Member of the Legislative Assembly of Andhra Pradesh from Nellore constituency from 1978 to 1983 and 1985 to 1989.	K. V. Subba Reddy	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Matteo Orfini is an Italian politician, a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies and President of the Democratic Party.	Matteo Orfini	Democratic Party
named after	The Europa Bridge or Bridge of Europe (Europabrücke) is a 777-metre (2,549 ft) long bridge carrying the A13 Brenner Autobahn (and European route E45) over the 657-metre (2,156 ft) Wipp valley just south of Innsbruck, Tyrol, Austria.	Europa Bridge	Europe
named after	The Wollaston landscape lens, named for William Hyde Wollaston, was a meniscus lens with a small aperture stop in front of the concave side of the lens, providing some improvement of aberrations.	Wollaston landscape lens	William Hyde Wollaston
named after	Corse-du-Sud (French pronunciation: ​(kɔʁs.dy.syd); Corsican: Corsica suttana) (English: South Corsica) is a department of France consisting of the southern part of the island of Corsica.	Corse-du-Sud	Corsica
named after	Kavala International Airport ``Alexander the Great'' (Greek: Κρατικός Αερολιμένας Καβάλας ``Μέγας Αλέξανδρος'', Kratikós Aeroliménas Kaválas ``Mégas Aléxandros'') (IATA: KVA, ICAO: LGKV) is an airport located in the municipality of Nestos, in Greece.	Kavala International Airport	Alexander the Great
named after	In mathematics, the Laguerre polynomials, named after Edmond Laguerre (1834 - 1886), are solutions of Laguerre's equation: xy'' + (1 - x)y' + ny = 0 which is a second-order linear differential equation.	Laguerre polynomials	Edmond Laguerre
narrative location	Grandfather Stories has been suggested as a travel guide to Upstate New York.	Grandfather Stories	Upstate New York
narrative location	Montezuma's Ferrari is the second novel in Burt ``BS'' Levy's series about a 19-year-old New Jersey gas station mechanic growing up and coming of age while being sucked into the glamorous, dangerous world of open-road sports car racing during the 1950s.	Montezuma's Ferrari	New Jersey
narrative location	Chasing Liberty was filmed on location in Prague, Venice, Berlin, London, and Washington, D.C.	Chasing Liberty	London
narrative location	Kabul Express is the first fictional film for director Kabir Khan who has made several documentaries over the years in Afghanistan.	Kabul Express	Afghanistan
narrative location	Casino Raiders II is a 1991 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Johnnie To and starring Andy Lau, Dave Wong, Jacklyn Wu and Monica Chan.	Casino Raiders II	Hong Kong
native language	Özcan Mutlu (born on January 10, 1968) in Kelkit, Gümüşhane Province, Turkey, is a Turkish-German Green Party politician.	Özcan Mutlu	Turkish	German
native language	Henri Guaino (born 11 March 1957) is a French political speechwriter and politician.	Henri Guaino	French
native language	Geneviève Dormann (24 September 1933 -- 13 February 2015) was a French journalist and novelist.	Geneviève Dormann	French
native language	Mayer André Marcel Schwob, known as Marcel Schwob (23 August 1867 -- 26 February 1905), was a Jewish French symbolist writer best known for his short stories and his literary influence on authors such as Jorge Luis Borges and Roberto Bolaño.	Marcel Schwob	French
native language	Camille Darsières (born May 19, 1932 in Fort-de-France, Martinique, and died December 14, 2006) was a socialist politician from Martinique who served in the French National Assembly from 1993-1997 .	Camille Darsières	French
native language	Jean de La Varende, born 24 May 1887 at château de Bonneville in Chamblac, Eure, died 8 June 1959, was a French writer.	Jean de La Varende	French
native language	Georges Benoît (1883--1942) was a French cinematographer who worked on more than sixty films during his career.	Georges Benoît	French
native language	Frigide Barjot (pun on Brigitte Bardot) born Virginie Merle, born September 25, 1962, in Boulogne-Billancourt, is a French humorist, columnist and political activist.	Frigide Barjot	French
native language	Yoo Hyeonjong is a South Korean novelist whose works of dramatic historical fiction are well known in his native country.	Yoo Hyeonjong	Korean
native language	Antoine Fabre d'Olivet (December 8, 1767, Ganges, Hérault -- March 25, 1825, Paris) was a French author, poet and composer whose Biblical and philosophical hermeneutics influenced many occultists, such as Eliphas Lévi, Gerard Encausse and Édouard Schuré.	Antoine Fabre d'Olivet	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste-Antoine Suard (15 January 1732 -- 20 July 1817) was a French journalist, translator and man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment.	Jean-Baptiste-Antoine Suard	French
native language	Catherine Bernard (1662 -- 16 September 1712) was a French poet, playwright, and novelist.	Catherine Bernard	French
native language	Pierre Jolivet (born 9 October 1952) is a French director, actor, screenwriter and producer.	Pierre Jolivet	French
native language	Roger Duchêne (3 February 1930 -- 25 April 2006) was a French biographer specializing in the letters of Madame de Sévigné.	Roger Duchêne	French
native language	Pierre Widmer (1912--1999) was a French Mennonite pastor, editor of the journal Christ Seul.	Pierre Widmer	French
native language	François Augiéras (1925-1971) was an American-born French painter and writer.	François Augiéras	French
native language	Jean-Henri Azéma, called Jean Azéma (28 December 1913 - 13 October 2000) was a French poet of Réunionnais origin.	Jean-Henri Azéma	French
native language	Maurice Limat (September 23, 1914 - January 23, 2002) was a French author of science fiction.	Maurice Limat	French
native language	François Paul Étienne Azéma (born January 15, 1778, and died August 28, 1851 in Saint-Denis, Réunion, on the island of Réunion) was a French poet, playwright, and writer of fables.	Étienne Azéma	French
native language	Manfred Weber (born on 14 July 1972 in Niederhatzkofen) is a German politician and Member of the European Parliament for Bavaria with the Christian Social Union in Bavaria, part of the European People's Party.	Manfred Weber	German
native language	Dacia Maraini (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdaːtʃa maraˈiːni); born November 13, 1936 in Fiesole) is an Italian writer.	Dacia Maraini	Italian
native language	Lewis Goldsmith (c.1763 -- 6 January 1846) was an Anglo-French publicist of Portuguese-Jewish extraction.	Lewis Goldsmith	French
native language	Alexander Bodon (Vienna, 6 September 1906 -- Amsterdam, 22 January 1993) was a Dutch architect.	Alexander Bodon	Dutch
native language	Elisa Tovati born Elisa Touati is a French singer, actress and television personality.	Elisa Tovati	French
native language	Albert Auguste Gabriel Hanotaux, known as Gabriel Hanotaux (19 November 1853 -- 11 April 1944) was a French statesman and historian.	Gabriel Hanotaux	French
native language	Manfred Kanther (b. 26 May 1939 in Schweidnitz, Silesia) is a German conservative politician and was Minister of the Interior of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1993 to 1998.	Manfred Kanther	German
native language	Pierre Lagaillarde (French pronunciation: ​(pjɛʁ laɡajaʁd); Courbevoie, 15 May 1931--17 August 2014) was a French politician, and a founder of the Organisation armée secrète (OAS).	Pierre Lagaillarde	French
native language	Bartholomäus Kalb (born 13 July 1949) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU).	Bartholomäus Kalb	German
native language	Kyan Khojandi (born 29 August 1982) is a French comedian, actor and screenwriter of Iranian origin.	Kyan Khojandi	French
native language	Nicolas Rimsky (Russian: Николай Алекса́ндрович Римский; born Nikolai Alexandrovich Kurmashov; February 18, 1886 -- September 5, 1941) was a Russian-born French film actor, director and writer.	Nicolas Rimsky	French
native language	Chantal Ladesou (born 5 May 1948) is a French actress and comedian.	Chantal Ladesou	French
native language	Patricia Catherine Greiner (2 April 1956 -- 9 August 1994) was a French actress known notably for her roles in pornographic films.	Catherine Greiner	French
native language	Louis Veuillot (October 11, 1813 -- March 7, 1883) was a French journalist and author who helped to popularize ultramontanism (a philosophy favoring Papal supremacy).	Louis Veuillot	French
native language	Jacobus Cornelis Johannes ``Jacques'' van der Heyden (professional name JCJ Vanderheyden) (23 June 1928 -- 27 February 2012) was a Dutch painter and photographer.	JCJ Vanderheyden	Dutch
native language	Paul Reynaud (French: (pɔl ʁɛjno); 15 October 1878 -- 21 September 1966) was a French politician and lawyer prominent in the interwar period, noted for his stances on economic liberalism and militant opposition to Germany.	Paul Reynaud	French
native language	William-Adolphe Bouguereau (French: (buɡ(ə)ʁo); November 30, 1825 -- August 19, 1905) was a French academic painter and traditionalist.	William-Adolphe Bouguereau	French
native language	Jean-François Marmontel (11 July 1723 -- 31 December 1799) was a French historian and writer, a member of the Encyclopediste movement.	Jean-François Marmontel	French
native language	Giuseppe Saronni (born 22 September 1957), also known as Beppe Saronni, is an Italian former racing cyclist.	Giuseppe Saronni	Italian
native language	Jacques Auxiette (born 3 December 1940 in Montlevicq, France) is a French politician, and is the current Regional Council President for the Pays de la Loire region in France.	Jacques Auxiette	French
native language	Juliet Berto (16 January 1947 -- 10 January 1990) was a French actress, director and screenwriter.	Juliet Berto	French
native language	Patrick Chamoiseau is a French author from Martinique known for his work in the créolité movement.	Patrick Chamoiseau	French
native language	Benoît Duteurtre (French: (dytœʁtʁ)) is a French novelist and essayist, born in 1960.	Benoît Duteurtre	French
native language	Jean-Pierre Aumont (5 January 1911 -- 30 January 2001) was a French actor, and holder of the Legion d'Honneur and the Croix de Guerre for his World War II military service.	Jean-Pierre Aumont	French
native language	Araki Yasusada was a non-existent Japanese poet, generally thought (though unverified) to be the creation of American literature professor Kent Johnson.	Araki Yasusada	Japanese
native language	Publius Ovidius Naso (Classical Latin: (ˈpʊb.li.ʊs ɔˈwɪ.di.ʊs ˈnaː.soː); 20 March 43 BC -- AD 17/18), known as Ovid (/ˈɒvɪd/) in the English-speaking world, was a Roman poet who lived during the reign of Augustus.	Ovid	Latin
native language	Abusa'id Abolkhayr or Abū-Sa'īd Abul-Khayr (Persian: ابوسعید ابوالخیر‎‎) (December 7, 967 - January 12, 1049), also known as Sheikh Abusaeid or Abu Sa'eed, was a famous Persian Sufi and poet who contributed extensively to the evolution of Sufi tradition.	Abū-Sa'īd Abul-Khayr	Persian
native language	Yi Kyoung-ja (Hangul: 이경자) is a South Korean author whose work focuses on the position of women in Korean society.	Yi Kyoung-ja	Korean
native language	Jean-Pierre Thiollet (born December 9, 1956 in Poitiers) is a French writer and journalist.	Jean-Pierre Thiollet	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Nicolas Robert Schuman (French pronunciation: ​(ʁɔbɛʁ ʃuman); 29 June 1886 -- 4 September 1963) was a Luxembourg-born French statesman.	Robert Schuman	French
native language	Charles de Brosses (French: (də bʁɔs)), comte de Tournay, baron de Montfalcon, seigneur de Vezins et de Prevessin (7 February 1709 -- 7 May 1777), was a French writer of the 18th century.	Charles de Brosses	French
native language	Étienne-Joseph-Théophile Thoré (better known as Théophile Thoré-Bürger) (23 June 1807 -- 30 April 1869) was a French journalist and art critic.	Théophile Thoré-Bürger	French
native language	Julien-Joseph Virey (21 December 1775, Langres -- 9 March 1846) was a French naturalist and anthropologist.	Julien-Joseph Virey	French
native language	Jean Bouise (3 June 1929 in Le Havre -- 6 July 1989 in Lyon) was a French actor.	Jean Bouise	French
native language	Jean-Paul Fitoussi (born 19 August 1942) is a French economist of Sephardi Jewish descent.	Jean-Paul Fitoussi	French
native language	Jean-Pierre Petit (born 5 April 1937, Choisy-le-Roi) is a French scientist, senior researcher at National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS) as an astrophysicist in Marseille Observatory, now retired.	Jean-Pierre Petit	French
native language	François Véron (Paris, c. 1575 -- Charenton, 1649) was a French Jesuit controversialist.	François Véron	French
native language	Jean-Marie Drot (2 March 1929 -- 23 September 2015) was a French writer and documentary maker.	Jean-Marie Drot	French
native language	A. den Doolaard ((aː ʔdɛnˈdoːlaːrt), Macedonian: А. ден Долард, A. den Dolard, (ˈaʔ dɛnˈdɔlart), Zwolle, February 7, 1901 -- Hoenderloo, June 26, 1994) is the pseudonym of the Dutch writer and journalist Cornelis Johannes George (Bob) Spoelstra Jr.	A. den Doolaard	Dutch
native language	Nathalie Cardone (born 29 March 1967 at ``la Clinique de Cygognes'' in Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques) is a French actress and singer.	Nathalie Cardone	French
native language	Hafid Bouazza (Arabic: حفيظ بوعزة, ḥafīẓ būʿazza) (born 8 March 1970 in Oujda, Morocco) is a Moroccan-Dutch writer.	Hafid Bouazza	Dutch
native language	Louis Marie Germain Delavigne (1 February 1790 -- 3 November 1868) was a French playwright and librettist.	Germain Delavigne	French
native language	Eva Rivas (Armenian: Եվա Ռիվաս, Russian: Ева Ривас; born Valeria Alexandrovna Reshetnikova-Satouryan, Russian: Валерия Александровна Решетникова-Цатурян, 13 July 1987) is a Russian-Armenian singer.	Eva Rivas	Armenian	Russian
native language	Claude Nollier, French actress, was born on 12 December 1919 in Paris, and died 12 February 2009.	Claude Nollier	French
native language	Damien Boisseau is a French voice actor who specializes in dubbing.	Damien Boisseau	French
native language	Louis Bernard Bonjean (4 December 1804 - 21 May 1871) was a French jurist who was a Senator under Napoleon III. He was a prolific author.	Louis Bernard Bonjean	French
native language	François Chalais (December 15, 1919 -- May 1, 1996) was a prominent French reporter, journalist, writer and film historian.	François Chalais	French
native language	Alfred Rode (June 4, 1905 -- July 22, 1979) was an Italian-born French composer, musician, actor and film director.	Alfred Rode	French
native language	Pierre Lescure (born July 2, 1945, Paris), is a French journalist and television executive.	Pierre Lescure	French
native language	Jean Taittinger (25 January 1923 -- 23 September 2012) was a French politician and member of the champagne producing Taittinger family.	Jean Taittinger	French
native language	Kerstin Gier (born 1966) is a German author of novels for adults and young adults.	Kerstin Gier	German
native language	François Le Lionnais (3 October 1901 -- 13 March 1984) was a French chemical engineer and writer.	François Le Lionnais	French
native language	Maria Elena Kyriakou (Greek: Μαρία Έλενα Κυριάκου, pronounced (marˈia ˈelena cirˈʝaku); born 11 January 1984) is a Greek Cypriot singer best known for winning the first season of The Voice of Greece under the mentorship of Despina Vandi.	Maria Elena Kyriakou	Greek
native language	Gabriel Astruc (1864--1938) was a French journalist, agent, promoter, theatre manager, theatrical impresario, and playwright whose career connects many of the best-known incidents and personalities of Belle Epoque Paris.	Gabriel Astruc	French
native language	Jean-Louis Vallas (1901--1995) was an award-winning French poet.	Jean-Louis Vallas	French
native language	Marcel Ichac (October 22, 1906 - April 9, 1994) was a French alpinist, explorer, photographer and film director.	Marcel Ichac	French
native language	Michel Mohrt (28 April 1914 -- 17 August 2011) was an editor, essayist, novelist and historian of French literature.	Michel Mohrt	French
native language	Hans Westermann (July 17, 1890 -- March 16, 1935) was a German Communist, politician and fighter in the German Resistance against the Third Reich.	Hans Westermann	German
native language	Carole André (born 11 March 1953) is a French film actress.	Carole André	French
native language	Annick Alane (born 5 September 1925 in Carnac) is a French film, television, and theatre actress.	Annick Alane	French
native language	Pascal Greggory (born 8 September 1954) is a French actor.	Pascal Greggory	French
native language	Ouriel Zohar (born in 1952), is an Israeli and French theater director, playwright, poet and translator from French to Hebrew.	Ouriel Zohar	French
native language	Henri-Benjamin Constant de Rebecque (French: (kɔ̃stɑ̃); 25 October 1767 -- 8 December 1830), or simply Benjamin Constant, was a Swiss-French political activist and writer on politics and religion.	Benjamin Constant	French
native language	Gaston Thomson was a French politician born January 29, 1848 in Oran, French Algeria, and died May 14, 1932, at Bône (Algeria).	Gaston Thomson	French
native language	Albert Caraco (8 July 1919 -- 7 September 1971) was a French-Uruguayan philosopher, writer, essayist and poet of Turkish Jewish descent.	Albert Caraco	French
native language	Nicolas Sarkozy (French: (ni.kɔ.la saʁ.kɔ.zi); born Nicolas Paul Stéphane Sarközy de Nagy-Bocsa; 28 January 1955) is a French politician who served as the President of France and Co-Prince of Andorra from 16 May 2007 until 15 May 2012.	Nicolas Sarkozy	French
native language	Lambert ten Kate (23 January 1674 -- 14 December 1731) was a Dutch linguist.	Lambert ten Kate	Dutch
native language	Martin Kastler (born June 18, 1974 in Nuremberg) is a German politician of the CSU and member of the European Parliament.	Martin Kastler	German
native language	Guy Sajer (né Guy Mouminoux, born 13 January 1927 in Paris), is a French writer, author of Le soldat oublié (1976, translated as The Forgotten Soldier), and a cartoonist under the pen names Dimitri, and Dimitri Lahache.	Guy Sajer	French
occupation	Wilhelmus Bryan is a documentary film producer in the USA.	Wilhelmus Bryan	film producer
occupation	Robert Durrer (1890 -- 1978) was a Swiss engineer who developed the basic oxygen steelmaking process (the Linz-Donawitz process, named after the towns where the technology was commercialized).	Robert Durrer	engineer
occupation	Samuel Washington Woodhouse (June 27, 1821 -- October 23, 1904) was an American surgeon, explorer and naturalist.	Samuel Washington Woodhouse	surgeon	explorer	naturalist
occupation	Gil Morales, known as Ate Gay, is a Filipino actor, comedian, impersonator and singer.	Ate Gay	actor	comedian
occupation	He also lyricist for himself, the theme song of ''Alan Tam & Hacken Lee Concert 2009``, the song ''Needless To Scared``, and being the lyricist of the song composed by Eason Chan, named ''Season Changed``.	Hacken Lee	lyricist
occupation	Norman Gevitz, Ph.D. is a medical historian.	Norman Gevitz	historian
occupation	Johnny Watson (April 12, 1867 -- November 1, 1963) was an African American blues singer, guitarist and harmonica player, best known for his recordings under the name Daddy Stovepipe.	Daddy Stovepipe	singer
occupation	Dr Israel Eliashiv (Hebrew: ישראל אלישיב‎, Yisra'el) is an Israeli diplomat who served as the country's ambassador to Singapore between 1987 and 1990.	Israel Eliashiv	diplomat
occupation	Lewis Furey, born Lewis Greenblatt (born June 7, 1949) is a Canadian composer, singer, violinist, pianist, actor and director.	Lewis Furey	composer	singer	actor
occupation	Sergio Palleroni is an architect, professor, and fellow at the new Institute for Sustainable Solutions at Portland State University in Portland, Oregon.	Sergio Palleroni	architect
occupation	Omid Memarian (Persian: امید معماریان‎) (born 1974~) is an Iranian journalist and blogger.	Omid Memarian	journalist
occupation	Alexandra Zertsalova (Russian: Александра Зерцалова; born January 18, 1982) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Alexandra Zertsalova	swimmer
occupation	Yang Chengxu is a senior Chinese diplomat to German-speaking countries.	Yang Chengxu	diplomat
occupation	Tarun Khiwal (born 1965) is a noted Indian fashion and commercial photographer, based in Delhi.	Tarun Khiwal	photographer
occupation	Jane McGonigal (born October 21, 1977) is an American game designer and author who advocates the use of mobile and digital technology to channel positive attitudes and collaboration in a real world context.	Jane McGonigal	author
occupation	Shaaban Abdel Rahim (Arabic: شعبان عبد الرحيم‎), also known as Sha'bola (شعبولا) is an Egyptian pop (Sha'abi) singer, formerly working as makwagi (man who irons clothing) and known for catchy songs with political lyrics.	Shaaban Abdel Rahim	singer
occupation	Cory Williams (born August 5, 1981), also known as ``Mr. Safety'' from SMP Films, is an actor and YouTube personality who, up until early 2013, lived in Thousand Oaks, California, and currently resides in Eagle River, Alaska.	Cory Williams	actor
occupation	Meyer Friedman (July 13, 1910--April 27, 2001) was an American cardiologist who developed, with colleague R.H. Rosenman, the theory that the ``Type A'' behavior of chronically angry and impatient people raises their risk of heart attacks.	Meyer Friedman	cardiologist
occupation	Nick Gain is an electronic rock DJ, singer-songwriter, and producer.	Nick Gain	singer
occupation	Terence Moore is an American sports journalist based in Atlanta.	Terence Moore	journalist
occupation	Richard Bedull (fl. 1388), of Reading, Berkshire, was an English politician.	Richard Bedull	politician
occupation	Daniel Healy ``Dan'' Solwold Jr. (born April 15, 1978) better known by his ring name Austin Aries, is an American professional wrestler who is signed to WWE.	Austin Aries	professional wrestler
occupation	Sam Lapides (born David Samuel Lapides, August 14, 1962, Irvington, New Jersey) is an American singer-songwriter, known as the guitarist and lead vocalist for the bands Ghosthouse and Folkminers.	Sam Lapides	singer-songwriter
occupation	Günther Dollinger (born August 2, 1960 in Kempten) is a German physicist and professor at the Bundeswehr University Munich.	Günther Dollinger	physicist
occupation	Peter Francis Hammond (June 30, 1887 -- April 2, 1971) was a politician and member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio.	Peter Francis Hammond	politician
occupation	Jabez Leftwich (September 22, 1765 -- June 22, 1855) was an American politician who served the state of Virginia in the U.S. House of Representatives between 1821 and 1825.	Jabez Leftwich	politician
occupation	Baher Azmy is an American lawyer and professor of law at Seton Hall University, specializing in constitutional law.	Baher Azmy	lawyer
occupation	Gulab Kothari is an Indian author, journalist and editor-in-chief of Indian daily newspaper Rajasthan Patrika.	Gulab Kothari	journalist
occupation	Aron Eisenberg (born January 6, 1969) is an American actor known for his role as Nog on Star Trek:	Aron Eisenberg	actor
occupation	Benjamin Johnson Lang (December 28, 1837 -- April 3, 1909) was an American conductor, pianist, organist, teacher and composer.	Benjamin Johnson Lang	conductor	pianist	composer
occupation	James Bertram Cunningham (born September 28, 1872) was a politician in the Canadian province of Ontario, who served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1919 to 1923.	James Bertram Cunningham	politician
occupation	Sheila Raye Charles (born Sheila Robinson; September 1963) is an American singer-songwriter.	Sheila Raye Charles	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jim L. Wells is a radio producer for KATM, 103.3 FM KAT Country 103.3fm in Modesto, California.	Jim L. Wells	radio producer
occupation	Tony Lombardo is an American musician who was the original bassist in the punk rock band the Descendents.	Tony Lombardo	bassist
occupation	Christopher Simmons (born April 10, 1973) is a Canadian-born, San Francisco-based graphic designer, writer and educator.	Christopher Simmons	graphic designer
occupation	Hilton Kramer (March 25, 1928 -- March 27, 2012) was an American art critic and essayist.	Hilton Kramer	art critic
occupation	Peter Clewes is a Canadian architect and the principal of the Toronto-based firm architectsAlliance.	Peter Clewes	architect
occupation	Robert Philipp (February 2, 1895 -- November 22, 1981) was an American painter influenced by Impressionism and Post-Impressionism, and known for his nudes, still lifes, and portraits of attractive women and Hollywood stars.	Robert Philipp	painter
occupation	Johan Wahjudi (Chinese: 洪耀龍) is a former Chinese-Indonesian badminton player.	Johan Wahjudi	badminton player
occupation	Kurt Johnson (born March 23, 1963) is a professional American drag racing driver.	Kurt Johnson	racing driver
occupation	Johannes Hüppi (born 1965) is a Swiss painter.	Johannes Hüppi	painter
occupation	Nicola Renzi (born July 18, 1979) is a Sammarinese politician who currently serves as a Captain Regent with Lorella Stefanelli, having held the post since October 1, 2015.	Nicola Renzi	politician
occupation	Max Boot (born September 12, 1969) is an American author, consultant, editorialist, lecturer, and military historian.	Max Boot	consultant	historian
occupation	Richard Heffer (born 28 July 1946 in Cambridge) is a British actor, best known for his roles on television in the 1970s and 1980s.	Richard Heffer	actor
occupation	Kevin Guilfoile (born July 16, 1968) is an American novelist, essayist and humorist.	Kevin Guilfoile	novelist
occupation	Danni Leigh (born February 9, 1970 in Strasburg, Virginia, U.S.) is an American honky tonk-style country music singer.	Danni Leigh	singer
occupation	Mohammad Niamur Rashid (born January 1, 1975, Pabna, Rajshahi) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 2 ODIs in 1999.	Niamur Rashid	cricketer
occupation	Hannelie Coetzee is a Johannesburg-based visual artist and professional photographer.	Hannelie Coetzee	photographer
occupation	Sepp Mayerl, also known as Blasl-Sepp (April 14, 1937 − July 28, 2012) was an Austrian mountaineer.	Sepp Mayerl	mountaineer
occupation	Michael Malitowski is a ballroom dancer, a former World Latin Dance Champion with his partner Joanna Leunis.	Michael Malitowski	dancer
occupation	Terezija Stoisits (ˈtɛrɛzija ˈstɔjʃitɕ) (born November 14, 1958 in Stinatz/Stinjaki, Burgenland) is an Austrian politician of the Green Party.	Terezija Stoisits	politician
occupation	Nick Dyson (born 19 December 1969 in Hessle, Hull) is an English former professional snooker player.	Nick Dyson	snooker player
occupation	Garrett Droppers was an academic and diplomat from the United States.	Garrett Droppers	diplomat
occupation	Horace Mann Jr. (1844--1868) was an American botanist, son of the man considered ``father of American Public Education''.	Horace Mann Jr.	botanist
occupation	Max Borges, Jr., born Max Borges-Recio (July 24, 1918 -- January 18, 2009), was a Cuban architect exiled in the United States.	Max Borges, Jr.	architect
occupation	Thammar Nazir is a British TV actor.	Thammar Nazir	actor
occupation	Gus Triandos (July 30, 1930 -- March 28, 2013) was a Greek American former professional baseball player.	Gus Triandos	baseball player
occupation	Sun Yun-suan (Chinese: 孫運璿; pinyin: Sūn Yùnxuán; November 11, 1913 -- February 15, 2006) was a Chinese engineer and politician.	Sun Yun-suan	politician
occupation	Kelly VanderBeek (born January 21, 1983 in Kapuskasing, Ontario) is a retired Canadian alpine skier originally from Kitchener, Ontario.	Kelly VanderBeek	alpine skier
occupation	Diocles of Cnidus (Greek: Διοκλῆς) was a Platonic philosopher, who is mentioned as the author of Διατριβαί (Discussions) from which a fragment is quoted by Eusebius:	Diocles of Cnidus	philosopher
occupation	Derryth Lynne Thomas (29 September 1939, Llanelli, Glamorgan, Wales) is a Welsh former cricketer played 10 test matches for the England women's cricket team between 1966 and 1976 and 24 one day internationals for England and the International XI between 1973 and 1982.	Lynne Thomas	cricketer
occupation	Paul Schulze (born June 12, 1962) is an American actor best known for portraying Ryan Chappelle on the FOX series 24 from 2001 to 2004 and Father Phil Intintola on the HBO series The Sopranos from 1999 to 2006.	Paul Schulze	actor
occupation	Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamad is a Sudanese politician of the National Congress Party, who governed Kassala State from 2006 until 2008, whereupon he adopted the position of Minister of the Interior in the Ministry of Interior Affairs.	Ibrahim Mahmoud Hamad	politician
occupation	Clark P. Manning, Jr., also known as Clark Manning or Clark Preston Manning, is an American actuary and business manager.	Clark Manning	actuary
occupation	Kathleen McCree Lewis (September 27, 1947 -- October 16, 2007) was an American lawyer and former federal judicial nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.	Kathleen McCree Lewis	lawyer
occupation	Larry Sultan (1946-2009) was an American photographer from the San Fernando Valley in California.	Larry Sultan	photographer
occupation	Henry of Oyta (German: Heinrich Totting von Oyta) (c.1330 -- 1397) was a German theologian and nominalist philosopher.	Henry of Oyta	theologian
occupation	George Holz (born October 19, 1956) is an American photographer known for his fashion and celebrity portraiture.	George Holz	photographer
occupation	Robert Kuttner (/ˈkʌtnər/; born April 17, 1943) is an American journalist and writer.	Robert Kuttner	journalist	writer
occupation	Alaric Tokpa is a Liberian politician and political scientist.	Alaric Tokpa	politician
occupation	Rel Dowdell is an American screenwriter, film director, film producer, and English/screenwriting educator.	Rel Dowdell	film director	film producer
occupation	Modesto P. Sa-onoy (born July 4, 1938) is a Filipino historian and journalist specializing in the history of Negros Island in the Philippines.	Modesto P. Sa-onoy	historian
occupation	Hyacinthe Jadin (April 27, 1776 -- September 27, 1800) was a French composer who came from a distinguished musical family.	Hyacinthe Jadin	composer
occupation	María Conchita Alonso (born June 29, 1957), better known as María Conchita, is a Cuban-Venezuelan-raised three time Grammy Award--nominated singer/songwriter and actress.	María Conchita Alonso	singer
occupation	Darryl Watson is a retired American basketball player and coach.	Darryl Watson	basketball player
occupation	Kate Pace (born February 13, 1969), also known as Kate Pace Lindsay, is a retired Canadian alpine skier.	Kate Pace	alpine skier
occupation	Hans Heinrich Bürmann (died June 21, 1817 in Mannheim) was a German mathematician and teacher.	Hans Heinrich Bürmann	mathematician
occupation	Marlene Hagge (born February 16, 1934), née Bauer, is an American former professional golfer.	Marlene Hagge	golfer
occupation	Harry Hemley Plaskett FRS (July 5, 1893 - January 26, 1980) was a Canadian astronomer who made significant contributions to the fields of solar physics, astronomical spectroscopy and spectrophotometry.	Harry Hemley Plaskett	astronomer
occupation	Barbara Andrews is an American writer of 20 romance novels under her real name; with her daughter, Pam Andrews Hanson, she now writes under the pseudonyms Jennifer Drew and Pam Rock.	Barbara Andrews	writer
occupation	J. Gordon Edwards (June 24, 1867 -- December 31, 1925) was a Canadian film director, producer, and a writer who began his career as a stage actor and as a stage director.	J. Gordon Edwards	film director
occupation	Robert Mosher (September 27, 1920 -- July 26, 2015) was an American architect who operated primarily in Southern California.	Robert Mosher	architect
occupation	Hugh Reilly (October 30, 1915 -- July 17, 1998) was an American actor who performed on the Broadway stage, in films, and on television.	Hugh Reilly	actor
occupation	John Neschling (born 1947) is a Brazilian orchestral and operatic conductor.	John Neschling	conductor
occupation	Little Bruce, is an American rapper from Vallejo, California, best known for this 1994 debut album released on Sick Wid It, now known as Heavy on the Grind Entertainment, and Jive Records, XXXtra Manish.	Little Bruce	rapper
occupation	Laura Andel (born 1968) is an Argentine musician, conductor and composer.	Laura Andel	composer
occupation	Jay Gould II (September 1, 1888 -- January 26, 1935) was an American real tennis player and a grandson of the railroad magnate Jay Gould.	Jay Gould II	tennis player
occupation	Sarah-Jane Redmond is an actor and acting coach.	Sarah-Jane Redmond	actor
occupation	Johnny Rozsa is a New York-based photographer, specializing in fashion, portrait, and celebrity photography.	Johnny Rozsa	photographer
occupation	Jelle Klaasen (born 17 October 1984) is a Dutch professional darts player who plays in the Professional Darts Corporation and is the youngest darts player to win the World Darts Championship.	Jelle Klaasen	darts player
occupation	James Ogilvie Fairlie (10 October 1809 -- 5 December 1870) was a Scottish amateur golfer and aristocrat.	James Ogilvie Fairlie	golfer
occupation	James Lansdale Hodson (1891-1956) was a British novelist, scriptwriter and journalist.	James Lansdale Hodson	novelist	journalist
occupation	Dale Whittington (September 23, 1959 -- June 14, 2003), was an American racing driver.	Dale Whittington	racing driver
occupation	Max Azria (Arabic: ماكس عزرية) (born January 1, 1949) is a Tunisian fashion designer who founded the contemporary women's clothing brand BCBG Max Azria.	Max Azria	fashion designer
occupation	Mark del Castillo is a guitarist, vocalist, composer and songwriter.	Mark del Castillo	guitarist	vocalist	composer
occupation	Chapman Baehler is a photographer and director primarily working with musicians.	Chapman Baehler	photographer
occupation	Glen Keane (born April 13, 1954) is an American animator, author and illustrator.	Glen Keane	animator
occupation	Mike Mineo is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist born in Hollywood, Florida.	Mike Mineo	singer
occupation	Jesse Fuller (March 12, 1896 -- January 29, 1976) was an American one-man band musician, best known for his song ``San Francisco Bay Blues''.	Jesse Fuller	musician
occupation	Hem Raksmey (born September 6, 1983) is a Cambodian former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle and breaststroke events.	Hem Raksmey	swimmer
occupation	Viola Wills (December 30, 1939 -- May 6, 2009) was an American pop singer, best known for the 1979 UK Singles Chart #8 and U.S. Hot Dance Club Play #52 hit, ``Gonna Get Along Without You Now''.	Viola Wills	singer
occupation	Didier Queloz (born February 23, 1966) is an astronomer with a prolific record in finding extrasolar planets in the Astrophysics Group of the Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge, and also at the University of Geneva.	Didier Queloz	astronomer
occupation	Agostino Ugolini (1755-- January 8, 1824) was an Italian painter, active in a late-Baroque and early-neoclassic style.	Agostino Ugolini	painter
occupation	Shubha Poonja is an Indian actress and former model.	Shubha Poonja	model
occupation	Takeshi Kimura (February 4, 1912 -- January 1988) was a Japanese screenwriter who wrote many films for Toho studios.	Takeshi Kimura	screenwriter
occupation	Kelley L. Carter (born September 20, 1976) is an entertainment and pop culture journalist at ESPN.	Kelley L. Carter	journalist
occupation	Johannes Aal (c. 1500 -- 28 May 1553) was a Swiss Roman Catholic theologian, composer and dramaturg.	Johannes Aal	composer
occupation	Mahla Zamani is an Iranian fashion designer, journalist and expert on Iranian traditional clothing.	Mahla Zamani	journalist
occupation	Aparupa Poddar (Afrin Ali) is an Indian politician and a member of parliament to the 16th Lok Sabha from Arambagh (Lok Sabha constituency), West Bengal.	Aparupa Poddar	politician
occupation	Pierre Hilzim is a chef in New Orleans and head of Kajun Kettle Foods.	Pierre Hilzim	chef
occupation	Yolanda Arroyo Pizarro (born October 29, 1970) is a Puerto Rican novelist, short story writer and essayist.	Yolanda Arroyo Pizarro	writer
occupation	Susannah McCorkle (January 1, 1946 -- May 19, 2001) was an American jazz singer much admired for her direct, unadorned singing style and quiet intensity.	Susannah McCorkle	singer
occupation	Edmund Shakespeare was the subject of a one-man show, written and performed by the British stage actor Ben Deery, in 2012, at The Last Refuge, Peckham, London.	Edmund Shakespeare	stage actor
occupation	Tom Hedden is an American score composer, the former music director at NFL Films, and National Football League Director of Music Administration.	Tom Hedden	composer
occupation	Aubrey Hampton (October 23, 1934 - May 9, 2011) was an American biochemist and writer.	Aubrey Hampton	biochemist
occupation	Alexander Tilloch FSA (Scot) (1759--1825) was a Scottish journalist and inventor.	Alexander Tilloch	journalist	inventor
occupation	Jules Van Nuffel (21 March 1883 -- 25 June 1953) was a Belgian priest, musicologist, composer, and a renowned expert on religious music.	Jules Van Nuffel	musicologist	composer
occupation	John Acorn, also known as The Nature Nut, is a naturalist who is known for his inspiring personality and infectious love of nature.	John Acorn	naturalist
occupation	Jan Mela (born December 30, 1988 in Gdańsk) is a Polish explorer who, as a teenage double amputee, was the youngest person to reach the North Pole in 2004, and eight months later the South Pole.	Jan Mela	explorer
occupation	Tony Juliano (also known as Tony ``Baloney'' Juliano) (born February 7, 1975) is a satirist painter in New Haven, Connecticut and is affiliated with the international art movement Stuckism.	Tony Juliano	painter
occupation	King Pu-tsung (Chinese: 金溥聰; pinyin: Jīn Pǔcōng; born August 30, 1956 in Tainan City, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese-Manchu politician in the Republic of China.	King Pu-tsung	politician
occupation	Fahim Fazli (born May 30, 1966) is an Afghan American film actor.	Fahim Fazli	actor
occupation	Will Beall is an American screenwriter and former Los Angeles Police Department detective.	Will Beall	screenwriter
occupation	Lucius Cornificius, a member of the plebeian gens Cornificia, was a Roman politician and consul in 35 BC. Cornificius served as the accuser of Marcus Junius Brutus in the court which tried the murderers of Julius Caesar.	Lucius Cornificius	politician
occupation	Al Rockoff is an American photojournalist made famous by his coverage of the Vietnam War and of the Khmer Rouge takeover of Phnom Penh, Cambodia's capital.	Al Rockoff	photojournalist
occupation	Mark Kuczewski is an American philosopher and bioethicist who has been a key contributor to the New Professionalism movement in medicine and medical education.	Mark Kuczewski	philosopher
occupation	Jasmin Shokrian is an American, Los Angeles-based artist, and fashion designer.	Jasmin Shokrian	fashion designer
occupation	John Patrick Raynor (October 1, 1923 -- November 14, 1997) was a Jesuit Roman Catholic priest and the twentieth president of Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	John Patrick Raynor	priest
occupation	Donovan Scott (born September 29, 1946) is an American character film actor best known for his role of cadet Leslie Barbara in the 1984 film Police Academy starring together with Steve Guttenberg.	Donovan Scott	actor
occupation	Luisa Silei (February 17, 1825 -- February 5, 1898) was an Italian woman painter, mainly of landscapes.	Luisa Silei	painter
occupation	Engin Arık (October 4, 1948 -- November 30, 2007) was a renowned Turkish particle physicist.	Engin Arık	physicist
occupation	Hersh Shefrin (born in Winnipeg, Canada) is an economist best known for his pioneering work in behavioral finance.	Hersh Shefrin	economist
occupation	Gabriele Marranci (born 1973) is an anthropologist working on religion with a specialization in Muslim societies.	Gabriele Marranci	anthropologist
occupation	Gregg Toland, A.S.C. (May 29, 1904 -- September 28, 1948) was an American cinematographer noted for his innovative use of lighting and techniques such as deep focus, examples of which can be found in his work on Orson Welles's Citizen Kane and John Ford's The Long Voyage Home.	Gregg Toland	cinematographer
occupation	Eduardo Boetsch G. H., engineer; and Jorge Delano Frederick, reporter requested adhesions to promote the presidential candidacy of Jorge Alessandri.	Jorge Alessandri	engineer
occupation	Lorraine Higgins (born 3 August 1979) is an Irish barrister and Labour Party politician.	Lorraine Higgins	politician
occupation	Carolyn Kaelin (April 4, 1961 -- July 28, 2015) was an American cancer surgeon.	Carolyn Kaelin	surgeon
occupation	Vénera Kastrati is a contemporary artist residing in Milan, Italy.	Vénera Kastrati	artist
occupation	Ning Zetao (Chinese: 宁泽涛, born March 6, 1993) is a Chinese competitive swimmer who specializes in the sprint freestyle events.	Ning Zetao	swimmer
occupation	Michael Landon (born Eugene Maurice Orowitz; October 31, 1936 -- July 1, 1991) was an American actor, writer, director, and producer.	Michael Landon	actor
occupation	Louis Pohl (1915 -- December 22, 1999) was an American painter, illustrator, art teacher, printmaker and cartoonist.	Louis Pohl	painter
occupation	Christopher Christian Cox (August 28, 1816 -- November 25, 1882) was known as an American surgeon, professor at Philadelphia College of Medicine and served briefly as a politician.	Christopher Christian Cox	surgeon	politician
occupation	Lars Gabriel Romanus, born January 25, 1939, in Helsingborg, is a Swedish liberal politician.	Gabriel Romanus	politician
occupation	Al Krux (born in North Carolina) is an American professional poker player now based near Syracuse, New York.	Al Krux	poker player
occupation	Sharmila Biswas is a noted Indian classical dancer and choreographer in the Odissi, and a disciple of guru Kelucharan Mohapatra.	Sharmila Biswas	choreographer
occupation	Yoram Gal, (born January 7, 1952) is an international Israeli painter, playwright, director, actor and theater, TV and cinema producer.	Yoram Gal	painter
occupation	Piya Chattopadhyay is an award-winning Canadian journalist known for her work on CBC Radio, as well as on Fox News Radio, and TV Ontario.	Piya Chattopadhyay	journalist
occupation	Velma Wayne Dawson (May 30, 1912, Sydney, Australia -- September 26, 2007) was an American puppet maker and puppeteer.	Velma Wayne Dawson	puppeteer
occupation	Nicolás Vigneaux Poirot (born March 8, 1997 in Santiago) is an actor known by his first television series Mujeres de lujo who played Moses.	Nicolás Vigneaux	actor
occupation	August Natterer (1868--1933), also known as Neter, was a schizophrenic German outsider artist.	August Natterer	artist
occupation	Sarah Fimm (born September 18, in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American singer-songwriter, residing in Woodstock, NY.	Sarah Fimm	singer
occupation	Clay Clement (May 19, 1888 -- October 20, 1956) was an American stage, film, and TV actor.	Clay Clement	actor
occupation	Major General Dr. Chelliah Thurairaja, USP, SLMC was a Sri Lankan military physician, Sri Lankan Army general and sportsmen.	Chelliah Thurairaja	military physician
occupation	Herbert William Bird (fl. 1897 -- 1931) was a British architect and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Herbert William Bird	architect
occupation	Gheorghe Chițu (August 24, 1828--October 27, 1897) was a Wallachian-born Romanian lawyer and politician.	Gheorghe Chițu	politician
occupation	Chana Bloch (born March 15, 1940, Bronx, NY) is an American poet, translator, and scholar.	Chana Bloch	translator
occupation	William R. Roush is an American organic chemist.	William R. Roush	chemist
occupation	Hans Bruun Nielsen is mathematician and Associate Professor of Technical University of Denmark specializing in Numerical analysis and the application of numerical methods.	Hans Bruun Nielsen	mathematician
occupation	Tom Weatherston (born February 15, 1950) is an American industrial engineer and politician.	Tom Weatherston	politician
occupation	Mike Sares is an American pastor, author, and religious speaker.	Mike Sares	pastor
occupation	Soce, the elemental wizard (born Andrew Singer) is a New York City-based rapper and producer and one of the rap scene's openly gay MCs.	Soce, the elemental wizard	rapper
occupation	Lenore Malen is an American artist whose practice involves video installation, photography, and performance.	Lenore Malen	artist
occupation	Gela Bezhuashvili (Georgian: გელა ბეჟუაშვილი) (born March 1, 1967) is a Georgian politician and the current head of the Georgian Intelligence Service since February 1, 2008.	Gela Bezhuashvili	politician
occupation	Tessa Earl is a ballet dancer who has performed as company dancer for many Christian dance companies including Ballet Rejoice and the United States' most well-known Christian dance company, Ballet Magnificat!.	Tessa Earl	ballet dancer
occupation	Jan Dekker (born June 25, 1990) is a Dutch darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Jan Dekker	darts player
occupation	Fiodar Fiodaraŭ, (Belarusian: Фёдар Іванавіч Фёдараў, Russian: Фёдор Иванович Фёдоров, Fedor Ivanovich Fedorov), (June 19, 1911 -- October 13, 1994) was a Soviet and Belarusian physicist, whose scientific interests ranged from optics and spectroscopy to the theory of elementary particles.	Fiodar Fiodaraŭ	physicist
occupation	Felix Ivo Leicher (May 18 or 19, 1727 - February 20, 1812) was a Czech-born Viennese painter of altarpieces and secular works, which was spread to a wide area throughout the Habsburg Empire and beyond.	Felix Ivo Leicher	painter
occupation	Caleb Atwater (December 23, 1778 -- March 13, 1867) was an American politician, historian, and early archaeologist in the state of Ohio before the field was established.	Caleb Atwater	politician	historian	archaeologist
occupation	Kane Lucas is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Kane Lucas	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Mar Mar Aye (Burmese: မာမာအေး) is a prolific Burmese singer.	Mar Mar Aye	singer
occupation	Erwin Obermair (born August 29, 1946) is an Austrian amateur astronomer and discoverer of asteroids.	Erwin Obermair	astronomer
occupation	Vincenzo Seratrice the Elder (Turin, 1851 - Lanuvio, 1922) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre paintings, archaeologist, antiquarian and furniture maker.	Vincenzo Seratrice the Elder	painter
occupation	Bryce Pinkham is an American stage and television actor.	Bryce Pinkham	actor
occupation	Elvie Marelyn Wintour-Coghlan AO is an Australian physiologist who has focused her career on the endocrinology of the pregnant mother and foetus.	Marelyn Wintour-Coghlan	physiologist
occupation	Milenka Peña is an Emmy Award Nominee and a veteran television and radio journalist, producer and broadcaster in the Chicago area, also well known in many Latin-American countries.	Milenka Peña	journalist
occupation	Charles B. Wessler (born May 16, 1955) is an American film producer best known for his collaborations with the Farrelly brothers.	Charles B. Wessler	film producer
occupation	T. N. Srinivasan, in full Thirukodikaval Nilakanta Srinivasan (born March 27, 1933), is an Indian economist who since 1980 has taught and worked in the United States.	T. N. Srinivasan	economist
occupation	Kristijan Milaković (born April 21, 1992) is a Croatian professional water polo player who currently plays for Savona of the Serie A1 (water polo).	Kristijan Milaković	water polo player
occupation	Thomas Monteagle Bayly (March 26, 1775 -- January 7, 1834) was an eighteenth and nineteenth century politician, lawyer and planter from Virginia.	Thomas Monteagle Bayly	politician	lawyer
occupation	Nader Guirat (Anglicized /ˈɡiːrɑːt/; in Tunisian Arabic: نادر قيراط pronounced (ˈnɛːder ɡiːrˤɑːtˤ)) (born May 16, 1986) is a Tunisian pop-rock singer-songwriter-musician.	Nader Guirat	singer
occupation	Robert Smolańczuk (born in Olecko, Poland) is a Polish theoretical physicist.	Robert Smolańczuk	physicist
occupation	Jordan Johnson (born September 11, 1989), better known by his stage name Shorty da Prince, is an American rapper and television personality, best known as the one-fourth of the new set of hosts of BET's 106 & Park that began on October 1, 2012.	Shorty da Prince	rapper
occupation	William V.S. Thorne was an American tennis player active in the late 19th century.	William V.S. Thorne	tennis player
occupation	Joseph Farey (1796--1829) was an English mechanical engineer and draughtsman.	Joseph Farey	engineer
occupation	Dean Chamberlain is a photographer who specializes in unique lighting effects and extended exposure times.	Dean Chamberlain	photographer
occupation	Glenn Milne is a Canberra journalist and political commentator.	Glenn Milne	journalist
occupation	Margaret E. Ward is a well-known entrepreneur, journalist and broadcaster based in Dublin, Ireland.	Margaret E. Ward	journalist
occupation	Mohammad Kamran Hussain (born May 9, 1977) is a Pakistani international cricketer who has played two One Day International's, as well as playing first-class, List A and Twenty20 cricket for eight teams in Pakistani domestic cricket.	Kamran Hussain	cricketer
occupation	Jacques Caffieri (1678--1755) was a French sculptor, working for the most part in bronze.	Jacques Caffieri	sculptor
occupation	John Seddon is a British occupational psychologist and author, specialising in the service industry.	John Seddon	psychologist
occupation	Hossein Namazi (Persian: حسین نمازی‎) is an Iranian economist and academic, who served in different cabinet posts.	Hossein Namazi	economist
occupation	Saint Evilasius (died 311) was an executioner who tortured and executed a helpless 13-year-old girl who later became Saint Fausta.	Saint Evilasius	executioner
occupation	Charles Benjamin Dudley (July 14, 1842 - December 21, 1909) was a U.S. chemist who was an early proponent of standardisation in industry.	Charles Benjamin Dudley	chemist
occupation	Chris Kelso (born 22 March 1988, Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland) is a Scottish writer, illustrator, editor and journalist.	Chris Kelso	journalist
occupation	Luis Alberto Edwards Vives (1874 in Valparaíso -- 1932 in Santiago) was a Chilean historian, nationalist politician and lawyer.	Alberto Edwards	historian
occupation	Abby Maria Hemenway (October 7, 1828 -- February 24, 1890) was a Vermont teacher, author and historian.	Abby Maria Hemenway	teacher	historian
occupation	Having worked in his professional career as a physicist and measurement engineer in a German DAX-Company Kurt Schreckling introduced advanced opportunities and unorthodox ways to optimize and measure telescopes for ambitious amateurs on a high quality level regarding surface quality, light weight construction while permanently compensating different optical aberrations.	Kurt Schreckling	engineer
occupation	Sam Dees (born December 17, 1945) is an American soul singer, songwriter and record producer.	Sam Dees	songwriter
occupation	John Woods Duke (July 30, 1899 -- October 26, 1984), an American composer and pianist born in Cumberland, Maryland, became arguably best known for his art songs.	John Woods Duke	composer
occupation	Dion Erhardt Ørnvold (October 17, 1921 - January 23, 2006), known as Dion Ørnvold, was a Danish association football player in the midfielder position.	Dion Ørnvold	association football player
occupation	Peter Kovál, usually spelled Koval, is a professional photographer and artist.	Peter Kovál	photographer
occupation	Rudolph Marks (born Max Radkisson) was a playwright, songwriter, and comedian.	Rudolph Marks	playwright
occupation	Nick Basile (born February 10, 1978) is an American film director, producer, actor and screenwriter.	Nick Basile	film director
occupation	Elizabeth Norton is a British historian specialising in the queens of England and the Tudor period.	Elizabeth Norton	historian
occupation	Sanjar Zokirov (also Sanzhar Zakirov, Uzbek: Санжар Закиров; born January 6, 1983 in Tashkent) is an Uzbek judoka, who competed in the men's extra-lightweight category.	Sanjar Zokirov	judoka
occupation	Zdravko Mićević (born 1982 in Yugoslavia) is a Melbourne-based Serbian professional boxer, but is best known for his involvement in the death of former Australian cricketer David Hookes.	Zdravko Mićević	boxer
occupation	Kaveh Rastegar (born November 17, 1975) is a Grammy-nominated American bass guitarist and composer.	Kaveh Rastegar	composer
occupation	Irene Chanter is a British singer best known for her career as a member of the Chanter Sisters and for her work as a session singer, working with a number of musicians in the 1970s and 1980s.	Irene Chanter	singer
occupation	Mina Cheon (born 1973) is a Korean American new media artist, scholar, and educator.	Mina Cheon	artist
occupation	Sean Li Rì Shēng (李日焺) is a film actor.	Sean Li	actor
occupation	Mariani Maximin (June 13, 1914 in Port-Louis, Guadeloupe - July 7, 2011) is a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1978-1981 .	Mariani Maximin	politician
occupation	Wasalu Muhammad Jaco (born February 16, 1982), better known by his stage name Lupe Fiasco (/ˈluːpeɪ/ LOO-pay), is an American rapper, record producer, and entrepreneur.	Lupe Fiasco	rapper
occupation	Nilofar Suhrawardy is an Indian freelance journalist who has written extensively for national newspapers.	Nilofar Suhrawardy	journalist
occupation	Caiseal Mór is an Australian fantasy novelist and musician.	Caiseal Mór	musician
occupation	Delmira Agustini (October 24, 1886 -- July 6, 1914), an Uruguayan poet, is considered one of the greatest female Latin American poets of the early 20th century.	Delmira Agustini	poet
occupation	Lothar Haselberger is a German-American academic architectural historian, archaeologist, classical scholar and author.	Lothar Haselberger	archaeologist
occupation	Bernardino Lanini (1511 -- c. 1578), also known as Bernardino Lanino, was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Milan.	Bernardino Lanini	painter
occupation	Starang Wondah (birth name Jack K. McNair) is an American rapper and member of the trio O.G.C. and Boot Camp Clik supergroup.	Starang Wondah	rapper
occupation	Dr. Mohammed Ragab Ahmad, an Egyptian politician, is head of the Representative Group of the ruling National Democratic Party in the Shoura Council of Egypt.	Mohammed Ragab Ahmad	politician
occupation	Martinus Gosia was one of the glossators and a 12th-century Italian jurist, counted among the Four Doctors of Bologna, the others being Bulgarus, Hugo de Porta Ravennate and Jacobus de Boragine.	Martinus Gosia	jurist
occupation	Moon Ik-hwan (June 2, 1918 -- January 18, 1994) was a South Korean pastor, theologist, poet and activist engaged in various social movements.	Moon Ik-hwan	pastor	poet
occupation	Sharat Saxena is an Indian actor working in Bollywood films.	Sharat Saxena	actor
occupation	John Heth served in the volunteer forces of Virginia as an officer in the U.S. Navy in the War of 1812.	John Heth	officer
occupation	Laura Jacobs is a novelist, journalist, and dance critic.	Laura Jacobs	novelist	journalist
occupation	Eric Wisely (born July 25, 1984) is an American professional mixed martial artist competing in Bellator's Featherweight division.	Eric Wisely	mixed martial artist
occupation	Harald Sandberg (born March 12, 1950) is a Swedish diplomat and civil servant who served as Swedish ambassador to Indonesia (1998--2003), East Timor (2002--2003) and South Korea (2003--2005).	Harald Sandberg	diplomat
occupation	George Platt Lynes (April 15, 1907 -- December 6, 1955) was an American fashion and commercial photographer.	George Platt Lynes	photographer
occupation	Declan McCullagh is an American entrepreneur, journalist and software engineer.	Declan McCullagh	journalist
occupation	Dante Spinotti, A.S.C., A.I.C. (born August 22, 1943) is an Italian cinematographer and a member of the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.	Dante Spinotti	cinematographer
occupation	Federico Kauffmann Doig (born September 20, 1928) is a Peruvian historian and archaeologist.	Federico Kauffmann Doig	historian	archaeologist
occupation	Fred McCardle is a Canadian politician, who represented the electoral district of Borden-Kinkora in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 2003 to 2007.	Fred McCardle	politician
occupation	Shamshad Ahmad (Urdu: شمشاد احمد‎) is a veteran Pakistani diplomat, international relations expert and a author who served as the Foreign Secretary of Pakistan from 1997 to 2000 and as the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations between 2000 till 2002.	Shamshad Ahmad	diplomat
occupation	Frank Pahl is a Michigan-based musician/composer, working in several styles including ``toy pop'', or music made with toys.	Frank Pahl	composer
occupation	Eric Clapton posted on Facebook about Bruce ``He was a great musician and composer, and a tremendous inspiration to me'' and composed an acoustic song in his honour and Ginger Baker wrote ``I am very sad to learn of the loss of a fine man, Jack Bruce...	Jack Bruce	composer
occupation	Kraig Metzinger (born March 19, 1963) is an American child actor, who played the role of Maude Findlay's grandson Phillip Trainor on the situation comedy Maude for the show's final season in 1977-1978.	Kraig Metzinger	actor
occupation	Graham Watanabe (born March 19, 1982) is an American snowboarder who has competed since 1996.	Graham Watanabe	snowboarder
occupation	Ted Donaldson (born August 20, 1933, in New York City, New York) is an American former child actor.	Ted Donaldson	actor
occupation	Tanja Fajon (English: Tanya Fayon; born May 9, 1971) is a Slovenian politician and a journalist, currently serving as Member of the European Parliament.	Tanja Fajon	politician	journalist
occupation	Josateki Vula is a former Fijian politician, who served in the House of Representatives from 2001 to 2006.	Josateki Vula	politician
occupation	Bill Raftery (born April 19, 1943) is an American basketball analyst and former college basketball coach.	Bill Raftery	basketball coach
occupation	Shekhar Suman (born 7 December 1962) is an Indian film actor, television personality and a singer.	Shekhar Suman	actor
occupation	Ángel Gómez Gómez (born May 13, 1981 in Ucieda, Cantabria) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer.	Ángel Gómez	bicycle racer
occupation	Mary Mason is a British singer who scored a minor hit in the UK Singles Chart in 1977 with a medley of Chip Taylor's ``Angel of the Morning'' / ``Any Way You Want Me'', reaching #27 and spending six weeks in the chart.	Mary Mason	singer
occupation	Belle da Costa Greene (December 13, 1883 -- May 10, 1950) was the librarian to J. P. Morgan.	Belle da Costa Greene	librarian
occupation	Diedrich Henne was a German born botanist and plant collector.	Diedrich Henne	botanist
occupation	Bondan Prakoso (born May 8, 1982) is an Indonesian singer-songwriter, bass guitarist, and record producer.	Bondan Prakoso	singer
occupation	Brandon Jack (born 25 May 1994) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brandon Jack	Australian rules footballer
occupation	John Abarough or Barow (by 1483-1540 or later), of Salisbury, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	John Abarough	politician
occupation	Robert Belgrade is an American musician and voice actor.	Robert Belgrade	musician	voice actor
occupation	Mickey Grimes (born October 10, 1976) is a former American sprinter who specialized over 100 and 200 metres.	Mickey Grimes	sprinter
occupation	Natasha Borovsky (August 5, 1924 -- May 31, 2012) was a Russian American poet and novelist.	Natasha Borovsky	novelist
occupation	Jean-Robert Argand (July 18, 1768 -- August 13, 1822) was an amateur mathematician.	Jean-Robert Argand	mathematician
occupation	Gautam Joglekar is an Indian actor, director and writer, known for the award winning Hindi 1991 movie Prahaar:	Gautam Joglekar	actor
occupation	Willie Pickens (born April 18, 1931) is an American jazz pianist, composer, arranger, and educator.	Willie Pickens	pianist
occupation	Sonja Schöber (born July 9, 1985 in Hörde, Nordrhein-Westfalen) is a German swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events.	Sonja Schöber	swimmer
occupation	Frank Pietronigro is an American interdisciplinary artist, educator and author.	Frank Pietronigro	artist
occupation	Sara K. (full name Sara Katherine Wooldridge) is an American singer-songwriter based in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Sara K.	singer-songwriter
occupation	Samuel Klingenstierna (1698--1765) was a very renowned Swedish mathematician and scientist.	Samuel Klingenstierna	mathematician
occupation	In 1953 Eugenia Price published the book ``Discoveries Made From Living My Life'', which launched her career as an inspirational novelist.	Eugenia Price	novelist
occupation	Wojciech Młynarski (born 1941) is a Polish poet, singer, songwriter, translator and director.	Wojciech Młynarski	singer
occupation	Hong Sehwa is a South Korean journalist and former New Progressive Party delegate.	Hong Sehwa	journalist
occupation	Mantan Moreland (September 3, 1902 -- September 28, 1973) was an American actor and comedian most popular in the 1930s and 1940s.	Mantan Moreland	actor	comedian
occupation	Chan Wing-wah, JP (simplified Chinese: 陈永华; traditional Chinese: 陳永華; pinyin: Chen Yonghua; born 1954, Hong Kong) is a Chinese conductor and composer.	Chan Wing-wah	conductor	composer
occupation	Morton Mintz (born January 26, 1922) is an investigative journalist who in his early years (1946--1958) reported for two St. Louis, Missouri newspapers, the Star-Times and the Globe-Democrat; and then, most notably The Washington Post (1958--1988).	Morton Mintz	journalist
occupation	Stacey Jackson (born Stacey Liane Levy), is a Canadian-American singer, Executive Producer at 3B1G Records.	Stacey Jackson	singer
occupation	Starlet Marie ``Star'' Jones (previously Star Jones Reynolds; born March 24, 1962) is an American lawyer, journalist, writer, television personality, fashion designer, and women's and diversity advocate.	Star Jones	lawyer
occupation	CJ Follini (born: New York) is an American digital media entrepreneur, film producer and real estate investor.	CJ Follini	film producer
occupation	Wallace Wolodarsky, also billed as Wally Wolodarsky, is an American screenwriter, television producer and film director known for being one of the screenwriters for The Simpsons during the first four seasons with his writing partner Jay Kogen.	Wallace Wolodarsky	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Kasey Green (born 10 September 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles and the Kangaroos in the Australian Football League (AFL), as well as with the East Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Kasey Green	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Fred Dekker (born April 9, 1959) is an American writer and director of the cult classic films Night of the Creeps and The Monster Squad (written with Shane Black).	Fred Dekker	writer
occupation	John Henry Twachtman (August 4, 1853 -- August 8, 1902) was an American painter best known for his impressionist landscapes, though his painting style varied widely through his career.	John Henry Twachtman	painter
occupation	Louise Nalbandian was a historian and professor in the History Department of CSU Fresno from 1964 to 1974.	Louise Nalbandian	historian
occupation	Renato Del Frate (1910--1962) was an Italian cinematographer who worked on more than fifty films during his career including Carmen (1954).	Renato Del Frate	cinematographer
occupation	Dave Smalley is an American musician, best known as the lead singer for the hardcore punk bands DYS, Dag Nasty, and All and as lead singer/guitarist with Down by Law.	Dave Smalley	singer
occupation	Graham Reilly is a British composer, known for composing television music.	Graham Reilly	composer
occupation	Luigi Stornaiolo Pimentel (b. Quito, June 9, 1956) is an Ecuadorian painter.	Luigi Stornaiolo Pimentel	painter
occupation	Loffo Camara was trained as a midwife, and became an activist in the Democratic Party of Guinea (PDG) in Macenta.	Loffo Camara	midwife
occupation	Cassius Clement Stearns was an American composer of church music.	Cassius Clement Stearns	composer
occupation	Prospero Farinacci (30 October 1554 - 30 October 1618) was an Italian lawyer and judge, noted for his harsh sentencing.	Prospero Farinacci	lawyer
occupation	Rafael Usero (born July 14, 1973) is a Spanish flamenco singer more commonly known of his stage name Rafael de Utrera.	Rafael de Utrera	singer
occupation	Muideen Akanji is a Nigerian boxer who competes as a middleweight.	Muideen Akanji	boxer
occupation	Walter Richard Miles (March 29, 1885 -- May 15, 1978) was an American psychologist and a president of the American Psychological Association (APA).	Walter Richard Miles	psychologist
occupation	Enrique Abaroa Castellanos is a landscape artist and urban architect from Monterrey, Mexico.	Enrique Abaroa Castellanos	architect
occupation	Alexander De Witt (April 2, 1798 -- January 13, 1879) was a 19th-century American politician from the state of Massachusetts.	Alexander De Witt	politician
occupation	Nicolas Régnier (1591--1667), alternatively Niccolò Renieri, Niccolo Renieri, Niccolò Renieri, Nicolaas Regnier, Nicolaas Renier, Nicolas Renier, Nicolas Renieri in Italian, was a Flemish painter and art collector, active in Italy during the Baroque period.	Nicolas Régnier	painter
occupation	Maung Htin (Burmese: မောင်ထင်; born Htin Fatt) was a prolific Burmese writer and journalist, best known for his classic 1947 novel Nga Ba (ငဘ), which portrayed the lives of downtrodden farmers.	Maung Htin	journalist
occupation	Anocha Suwichakornpong (Thai: อโนชา สุวิชากรพงศ์, born 1976) is a Thai independent film director, screenwriter and producer.	Anocha Suwichakornpong	film director	screenwriter
occupation	William Wirt Winchester (June 22, 1837 -- March 7, 1881) was the treasurer of the Winchester Repeating Arms Company, a position he held until his death in 1881.	William Wirt Winchester	treasurer
occupation	Declan Michael Laird is a Scottish actor and a graduate of the Stella Adler Studio of Acting.	Declan Michael Laird	actor
occupation	Mike Bones is the stage name of Mike Strallow, a New York--based guitarist singer-songwriter who established himself as one of the top guitarists on the New York underground/independent scene for his work with Soldiers of Fortune, Damon McMahon, Lizzie Trulie, and the Mighty Flashlight.	Mike Bones	singer-songwriter
occupation	Swapnil Asnodkar is an Indian first-class cricketer.	Swapnil Asnodkar	cricketer
occupation	Peder Nielsen Hemb (1782 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.	Peder Nielsen Hemb	politician
occupation	Robert Bogardus (May 22, 1771 ``Possession House'', St. John's Park, New York City - September 12, 1841 New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Robert Bogardus	politician
occupation	Jacques Desrosiers (July 8, 1938 -- June 11, 1996) was a Québécois singer and actor best known for playing the clown Patof in the Canadian television series Patofville.	Jacques Desrosiers	actor
occupation	Jill Mowat is a Scottish television journalist, currently working for STV News in Northern Scotland.	Jill Mowat	journalist
occupation	Kierra Smith (born February 1, 1994 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian breaststroke swimmer from Kelowna, British Columbia.	Kierra Smith	swimmer
occupation	John Norman Graham, born at Hexham, Northumberland, on 8 May 1943, was a cricketer who played for Kent during the county's years of success in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Norman Graham	cricketer
occupation	Ivo Amulić was a Yugoslav politician and Mayor of Split during World War II.	Ivo Amulić	politician
occupation	Julia Schwarzbach (née Rohde) is a German weightlifter.	Julia Schwarzbach	weightlifter
occupation	From the time he was appointed as strategos in 209 BC, Philopoemen helped turn the Achaean League into an important military power in Greece.	Philopoemen	military
occupation	Silas Seth Weeks (b. Vermont, Illinois, 8 Sept. 1868 -- d. Dec. 1953) was an American composer who played mandolin, violin, banjo and guitar.	Seth Weeks	composer
occupation	Yul Vazquez (born March 18, 1965) is a Cuban American actor and musician, who is best known for his role as Bob in the Seinfeld episodes ``The Soup Nazi'', ``The Sponge'' and ``The Puerto Rican Day''.	Yul Vazquez	actor
occupation	Shiho Hisamatsu (Japanese: 久松志保, born July 4, 1979 in Kagoshima) is a Japanese women's tennis player.	Shiho Hisamatsu	tennis player
occupation	Robert Clary (born Robert Max Widerman; March 1, 1926) is a French-American actor, published author, and lecturer.	Robert Clary	actor
occupation	Elaine Bradley (born October 19, 1984) is an American musician and songwriter, and the drummer for the American rock band Neon Trees.	Elaine Bradley	songwriter
occupation	Simon Glendinning (born 1964) is an English philosopher, and is currently Professor of European Philosophy in the European Institute at the London School of Economics.	Simon Glendinning	philosopher
occupation	Rajiv Joseph (born June 16, 1974) is an American playwright and a 2010 Pulitzer Prize finalist.	Rajiv Joseph	playwright
occupation	Frederick Carl Frieseke (April 7, 1874 -- August 24, 1939) was an American Impressionist painter who spent most of his life as an expatriate in France.	Frederick Carl Frieseke	painter
occupation	Li Baotian (Chinese: 李保田; pinyin: Lǐ Bǎotián; born November 1946) is a Chinese actor.	Li Baotian	actor
occupation	John William Merrow (August 15, 1874 -- April 11, 1927) was a New York City theater architect.	John William Merrow	architect
occupation	Jean-Luc Fillon is a French oboist, English Horn player, double bass player, electric bass player, orchestra conductor and composer.	Jean-Luc Fillon	oboist	conductor	composer
occupation	Kishori Sinha (Hindi: किशोरी सिन्हा ) (1925 --) is an Indian politician and a former two-term Member of Parliament from the Vaishali constituency.	Kishori Sinha	politician
occupation	Anatoly Skavronsky (Russian: Анатолий Скавронский; born 1940) is a retired Soviet swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m butterfly event at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships.	Anatoly Skavronsky	swimmer
occupation	Alvin S. Felzenberg is an American presidential historian, political commentator, and public official.	Alvin S. Felzenberg	historian
occupation	Charles Cyprian Strong Cushing (October 27, 1879 -- March 6, 1941) was an American playwright who wrote under the name Tom Cushing.	Tom Cushing	playwright
occupation	Francesco Benigno (born 4 October 1967), is an Italian actor of television, cinema and theatre.	Francesco Benigno	actor
occupation	Richard Pudsey (fl. 1492) was an English politician.	Richard Pudsey	politician
occupation	José Luciano de Castro Pereira Corte-Real (December 14, 1834 -- March 9, 1914) was a Portuguese politician who served three terms as President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister).	José Luciano de Castro	politician
occupation	Monica Milne was the first woman diplomat in the UK in 1946.	Monica Milne	diplomat
occupation	Rosemary Barton is a Canadian political journalist, currently the Parliament Hill correspondent for CBC News, and the host of Power & Politics on CBC News Network.	Rosemary Barton	journalist
occupation	Ashleigh Banfield (born December 29, 1967) is a Canadian-American journalist who works for CNN and hosts the legal news program Legal View with Ashleigh Banfield.	Ashleigh Banfield	journalist
occupation	Kristjana Gunnars (born March 19, 1948 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic-Canadian poet and novelist.	Kristjana Gunnars	novelist
occupation	Johann Wilde was an 18th-century German violinist and musical instrument inventor.	Johann Wilde	violinist
occupation	Tatjana Soli is an American novelist and short-story writer.	Tatjana Soli	novelist	writer
occupation	Elias Wakan (born April 20, 1945) is a constructivist sculptor working since 1996 on Gabriola Island, in British Columbia, Canada.	Elias Wakan	sculptor
occupation	Nathaniel Smith (January 6, 1762 - March 9, 1822) was a nineteenth-century lawyer, cattle dealer, judge and politician.	Nathaniel Smith	lawyer	politician
occupation	Anne Terzibaschitsch is a German pianist, composer and piano teacher.	Anne Terzibaschitsch	pianist	composer
occupation	Vincenzo Di Nicola is a Canadian psychologist, psychiatrist, and family therapist.	Vincenzo Di Nicola	psychologist	psychiatrist
occupation	Raphael Cruz is an American acrobat, clown and actor.	Raphael Cruz	clown	actor
occupation	Paul McCole (born 10 February 1972) is a Scottish actor and comedian, perhaps best known for his role in the dark comedy series High Times along with his brother Stephen.	Paul McCole	actor	comedian
occupation	Taryn Onofaro is a Brisbane based television presenter.	Taryn Onofaro	television presenter
occupation	Scott Conant (born February 19, 1971) is an American celebrity chef, restaurateur, and cookbook author.	Scott Conant	chef
occupation	Wendy Gaynor (born December 31, 1947) is an entrepreneur and author based in New York City.	Wendy Gaynor	entrepreneur
occupation	Edwin Serrano (born July 12, 1984) better known by his stage name Lil' Eddie, is an American R&B/Soul singer-songwriter.	Lil' Eddie	singer-songwriter
occupation	Amir Hosseinpour is an opera director and choreographer who has worked in major opera houses around the world.	Amir Hosseinpour	choreographer
occupation	Jaume Mora is a Catalonian physician and researcher specialized in pediatric cancer.	Jaume Mora	physician
occupation	Ryan Early (born 23 May 1979 Egham, Surrey, United Kingdom) is a British actor.	Ryan Early	actor
occupation	Andrew and Martha Stewart moved to Westport, Connecticut, where they purchased and restored the 1805 farmhouse on Turkey Hill Road that would later become the model for the TV studio of Martha Stewart Living.	Martha Stewart	model
occupation	Hugh Matthews, Lord Matthews is a Senator of the College of Justice, a judge of the Scotland's Supreme Courts.	Hugh Matthews, Lord Matthews	judge
occupation	Vassilis Vassilikos (Greek: Βασίλης Βασιλικός, born November 18, 1934) is a Greek writer, and a diplomat.	Vassilis Vassilikos	writer	diplomat
occupation	Kathryn Allison is a Broadway actor and a singer.	Kathryn Allison	actor
occupation	John of Epiphania (Greek: Ιωάννης Επιφανεύς) was a late sixth century Byzantine historian.	John of Epiphania	historian
occupation	Loretta Ables Sayre (born April 1, 1958) is an American actress and singer who performed jazz standards at luxury hotels in Hawaii for three decades.	Loretta Ables Sayre	singer
occupation	Sir (Ernest) Llewellyn Woodward (1890-1971) was a British historian.	Llewellyn Woodward	historian
occupation	Dave Schwep (born April 9, 1977) is an American cinematographer, director, and producer.	Dave Schwep	cinematographer
occupation	Martine Leavitt is a Canadian American writer of young adult novels and a writing teacher.	Martine Leavitt	writer
occupation	John Howey is a Florida architect known as part of the group of architects at work since 1965 that followed the Sarasota School of Architects led by Paul Rudolph.	John Howey	architect
occupation	Paulo S. L. M. Barreto (born 1965) is a Brazilian cryptographer and one of the designers of the Whirlpool hash function and the block ciphers Anubis and KHAZAD, together with Vincent Rijmen.	Paulo S. L. M. Barreto	cryptographer
occupation	Albrecht Rosengarten (1809--1893), was among the first Jewish Germans to be permitted to train and practice as an architect.	Albrecht Rosengarten	architect
occupation	Vikas Gupta is an Indian American internet entrepreneur.	Vikas Gupta	entrepreneur
occupation	Martin Wines was a politician in the U.S. state of Indiana and one of the most prominent men in the early history of Greene County.	Martin Wines	politician
occupation	Marvin V. Rush A.S.C. is a director of photography, cinematographer, television director and a camera operator.	Marvin V. Rush	cinematographer
occupation	Eduard Vieta Pascual is a Spanish psychiatrist and a leading scientific authority on the neurobiology and treatment of bipolar disorder.	Eduard Vieta	psychiatrist
occupation	Sunil Barve (Marathi: सुनील बर्वे) is an Indian film, television and theatre actor, singer and producer.	Sunil Barve	actor
occupation	Alejandro Tapia y Rivera (November 12, 1826 -- July 19, 1882) was a Puerto Rican poet, dramaturg, essayist and writer.	Alejandro Tapia y Rivera	writer
occupation	A scientist, scholar, astrologer, philosopher and poet, Bardaisan was also renowned for his knowledge of India, on which he wrote a book, now lost.	Bardaisan	astrologer	philosopher	poet
occupation	N. T. Shanmugam is an Indian politician and former Minister of State for Food Processing Industries.	N. T. Shanmugam	politician
occupation	Mario Fantini was an Italian painter born in Firenze, Italy, lived and worked in Florence, Italy.	Mario Fantini	painter
occupation	L. Q. Jones (born Justis Ellis McQueen, Jr. on August 19, 1927) is an American actor and director, best known for his work in the films of Sam Peckinpah.	L. Q. Jones	actor
occupation	Johnny Peebles was an Australian association football player.	Johnny Peebles	association football player
occupation	Joey Benin or Joey B. is a Filipino bassist, singer, composer music producer and musical arranger.	Joey Benin	composer
occupation	Rick E. Carter (July 1, 1943 -- February 2, 1986) was an American football and baseball player and coach.	Rick E. Carter	baseball player
occupation	Neşe Yaşın (born Feb 12, 1959), is a well known Turkish Cypriot poet and author.	Neşe Yaşın	author
occupation	Julie Mundy is a British writer who focuses on 20th century history and pop culture, most notably Elvis Presley.	Julie Mundy	writer
occupation	Jonathan Tropper (born February 19, 1970) is an American writer and an adjunct faculty member at Manhattanville College.	Jonathan Tropper	writer
occupation	Mary Margaret O'Hara is a Canadian singer-songwriter and actress.	Mary Margaret O'Hara	singer
occupation	Pons de Capduelh (fl. 1160--1220 or 1190--1237) was a troubadour from the Auvergne, probably from Chapteuil.	Pons de Capduelh	troubadour
occupation	David Eisenbach is a historian and an expert on media and politics.	David Eisenbach	historian
occupation	Charnvit Kasetsiri (Thai: ชาญวิทย์ เกษตรศิริ, rtgs: Chanwit Kasetsiri); born May 6, 1941, is a Thai historian.	Charnvit Kasetsiri	historian
occupation	Hong Nan-pa (April 10, 1897 -- August 30, 1941) was a Korean composer, violinist, conductor, music critic and educator.	Hong Nan-pa	composer	conductor
occupation	Hsiao-Lan Kuo (Traditional Chinese: 郭曉嵐, Simplified Chinese: 郭晓岚, Pinyin: Guō Xiǎolán) (1915--2006), or GUO Xiaolan, was a prominent Chinese American mathematician, meteorologist.	Hsiao-Lan Kuo	meteorologist
occupation	Mamas K. Chandran, better known as Mamas is an Indian film director.	Mamas K. Chandran	film director
occupation	Edwin Henry Fitler (December 2, 1825 in Philadelphia -- May 31, 1896 in the Torresdale section of Philadelphia) was a Pennsylvania manufacturer of cordage and a politician.	Edwin Henry Fitler	politician
occupation	Rahi Chakraborty (Hindi: राही चक्रवर्ती) is an Indian singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and music producer.	Rahi Chakraborty	singer
occupation	Paul W. Whear (born November 13, 1925 in Auburn, Indiana) is an American composer, music educator, double-bassist, and conductor.	Paul W. Whear	composer	music educator	conductor
occupation	Japinder Kaur (born December 17, 1988, Dubai, United Arab Emirates) is an Indian film director, producer, writer, painter and co-founder of JAP FILMS LLC in Dubai.	Japinder Kaur	film director
occupation	José Rodríguez Pérez is a Chilean engineer and professor for electrical engineering at the Federico Santa María Technical University.	José Rodríguez Pérez	engineer
occupation	John William Saunders III (April 1, 1938 -- August 9, 2009), better known by the stage name John Quade, was an American character actor who starred in film and in television.	John Quade	actor
occupation	Krishna Singh Rawat (also known as Kishen Singh) was an Indian explorer and cartographer, what the British called a pundit, the cousin of the explorer Nain Singh Rawat.	Krishna Singh Rawat	explorer	cartographer
occupation	Emil Handschin (March 19, 1928 -- May 27, 1990) is an ice hockey player for the Swiss national team.	Emil Handschin	ice hockey player
occupation	Timothy Farrar, Jr. (March 17, 1788 -- October 27, 1874) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a judge in New Hampshire and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	Timothy Farrar, Jr.	lawyer	politician
occupation	Odo of Glanfeuil was a ninth-century Benedictine abbot of Saint-Maur-des-Fossés, a historian, and hagiographer.	Odo of Glanfeuil	abbot	hagiographer
occupation	Peter Francis Williams is an amateur astronomer from New South Wales, Australia.	Peter Francis Williams	astronomer
occupation	Brittany Underwood (born July 6, 1988) is an American actress and singer from New Jersey.	Brittany Underwood	singer
occupation	George Frederick Wright (January 22, 1838 -- April 20, 1921) was an American geologist and a professor at Oberlin Theological Seminary, first of New Testament language and literature (1881 -- 1892), and then of ``harmony of science and revelation'' (until retirement in 1907).	George Frederick Wright	geologist
occupation	Abdel Ali Slimani (Arabic عبد العلي سليماني, Algiers) is an Algerian raï singer.	Abdel Ali Slimani	singer
occupation	Allison Blakely is an academic historian.	Allison Blakely	historian
occupation	Sartaj Garewal is a British actor and voice artist who works in films, TV, theatre and audio.	Sartaj Garewal	actor
occupation	Melissa Louise Belote (born October 16, 1956), also known by her current married name Melissa Belote Ripley, is an American former competition swimmer, three-time Olympic champion, and former world record-holder in two events.	Melissa Belote	swimmer
occupation	Henry Hohauser was an architect in Miami Beach, Florida.	Henry Hohauser	architect
occupation	Vardi Kahana is an Israeli photographer.	Vardi Kahana	photographer
occupation	Daniele Garozzo (born 4 August 1992) is an Italian foil fencer, silver medallist at the 2015 European Championships.	Daniele Garozzo	fencer
occupation	Ali Akbar Bahman (also Mirza Ali Akbar Khan; b. 1883 - d. 1967) was an Iranian employee of the Foreign Ministry, diplomat and politician under the Qajar and Pahlavi dynasties.	Ali Akbar Bahman	diplomat	politician
occupation	Ashoke Sen, FRS (Bengali: অশোক সেন; born 1956) is an Indian theoretical physicist and distinguished professor at the Harish-Chandra Research Institute, Allahabad.	Ashoke Sen	physicist
occupation	John Hunting (1935) is an English former football referee who operated in the Football League and for FIFA.	John Hunting	referee
occupation	George Miksch Sutton (May 16, 1898, Bethany, Nebraska -- December 7, 1982) was an American ornithologist and bird artist.	George Miksch Sutton	ornithologist
occupation	Ed Amatrudo is an American actor, best known for his role as Glenn Goodman, the Juliette Barnes's manager, in the ABC television drama series, Nashville.	Ed Amatrudo	actor
occupation	Allen Ferdinand Owen (October 9, 1816 -- April 7, 1865) was an American politician and lawyer who served in the United States Congress.	Allen Ferdinand Owen	politician	lawyer
occupation	Samuel Zenas Ammen (1843-1929) was an American Confederate veteran and journalist.	Samuel Zenas Ammen	journalist
occupation	Ghulam Rasool Santosh (Kashmiri: ग़ुलाम रसूल संतोष (Devanagari), غلام رسول سنتوش (Nastaleeq)) (1929 -- March 10, 1997) was a prominent Kashmiri Indian painter.	Ghulam Rasool Santosh	painter
occupation	Yuliya Polishchuk is a London-based fashion designer, born in Ukraine.	Yuliya Polishchuk	fashion designer
occupation	Hyung-ki Joo is British-Korean pianist, composer, and one half of the duo Igudesman & Joo.	Hyung-ki Joo	pianist	composer
occupation	D. J. Leahy was a hurler from County Kerry.	D. J. Leahy	hurler
occupation	Ramona DeSouza, more popularly known as Moné, is an American music recording artist and songwriter.	Moné	songwriter
occupation	Doug Roxburgh (born December 28, 1951) is a Canadian accountant, champion amateur golfer, and golf administrator.	Doug Roxburgh	golfer
occupation	Upasana Singh is married to actor Neeraj Bharadwaj, who has acted in many serials on Doordarshan and a few Hindi and Bhojpuri films as hero and negative too.	Upasana Singh	actor
occupation	Nicholas Serracino, AIA, was an American architect active in late-nineteenth- and early twentieth-century New York City.	Nicholas Serracino	architect
occupation	Jean Touitou (b. 1951 in Tunis, Tunisia) is a Tunisian-French creative director and founder of A.P.C..	Jean Touitou	creative director
occupation	Andrey Ermakov (Russian: Андрей Андреевич Ермаков), (born May 27, 1987) is a Russian ballet dancer, a winner of 'Soul of Dance' award (Russian 'Ballet' magazine, 2013), who performs as a soloist with the Mariinsky Ballet (formerly the Kirov Ballet).	Andrey Ermakov	ballet dancer
occupation	Rudolph Minkowski (born Rudolf Leo Bernhard Minkowski; May 28, 1895 -- January 4, 1976) was a German-American astronomer.	Rudolph Minkowski	astronomer
occupation	Rachel Rice Dooley (circa October 30, 1888 - January 28, 1984) was a vaudeville performer under the name Ray Dooley.	Rachel Rice Dooley	vaudeville
occupation	Bassary Touré (born February 1, 1950, in Thiès, Senegal) is a Malian economist and politician.	Bassary Touré	economist	politician
occupation	Ippolito Berrone is a former racing driver born in Genova, Italy.	Ippolito Berrone	racing driver
occupation	John Billing, FRIBA was an architect from Reading, Berkshire.	John Billing	architect
occupation	Scooter Ward (born Ronald Ward Jr. on May 7, 1970) is an American musician, founding member and lead singer of the Jacksonville, Florida hard rock band, Cold.	Scooter Ward	singer
occupation	Mike Barone is an American jazz musician and big band leader.	Mike Barone	musician
occupation	Ernst Christian Walz (February 28, 1802 -- April 5, 1857) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist born in Münklingen, located in present-day Baden-Württemberg.	Ernst Christian Walz	classical philologist	archaeologist
occupation	Edward Burch (born June 9, 1968 in Centreville, Illinois) is an American musician and journalist.	Edward Burch	journalist
occupation	Heather Hemmens is an American actress, film director and film producer.	Heather Hemmens	film director	film producer
occupation	Hadji Ali (c. 1887--92 -- November 5, 1937) was a vaudeville performance artist, thought to be of Egyptian descent, who was famous for acts of controlled regurgitation.	Hadji Ali	artist
occupation	Ignacije Szentmartony (October 28, 1718 -- April 15, 1793) was a Croatian Jesuit priest, missionary, mathematician, astronomer and explorer.	Ignacije Szentmartony	explorer
occupation	In 1991, right after his graduation from secondary school, he began to work as a freelance artist and named himself DAIM.	DAIM	artist
occupation	Jim McBride (born September 16, 1941) is an American television and film director, film producer and screenwriter.	Jim McBride	film director	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Sam Cranage is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda and Carlton in the Australian Football League.	Sam Cranage	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Georgie Wolton (née Cheesman; born 1937) is a British architect, an original member of the architecture firm Team 4.	Georgie Wolton	architect
occupation	Emerson Swinford, a native of Chicago, is a Los Angeles-based guitarist, composer/songwriter and producer.	Emerson Swinford	composer
occupation	Andy de Jarlis (1914 -- 1975) was a Canadian Métis fiddler from Woodridge, Manitoba.	Andy de Jarlis	fiddler
occupation	Yuji Hirayama (平山ユージ), born on February 23, 1969 is a Japanese rock climber, specializing in lead climbing competitions.	Yuji Hirayama	rock climber
occupation	Marc Hoffman (born April 16, 1961) is a composer of concert music and music for film, pianist, vocalist, recording artist and music educator.	Marc Hoffman	composer
occupation	Nadira Isayeva or Isaeva (Russian: Нади́ра Иса́ева) is a Russian journalist who has been internationally recognized for her reporting on security issues in North Caucasus.	Nadira Isayeva	journalist
occupation	Ali Ardekani (Persian: علی اردکانی‎‎; born October 29, 1975), best known by his stage name Baba Ali (Persian: باب علی‎‎), is an Iranian-born American comedian, games developer, businessman and actor.	Baba Ali	actor
occupation	Ryan Gage is an English actor who has most recently appeared in The Hobbit:	Ryan Gage	actor
occupation	John Gittings is a journalist and author who is mainly known for his work on modern China and the Cold War.	John Gittings	journalist
occupation	William Kennedy Smith (born September 4, 1960) is an American physician whose work focuses on landmines and the rehabilitation of landmine victims.	William Kennedy Smith	physician
occupation	Felix Standaert (born July 7, 1947) is a Belgian diplomat and former Belgian ambassador 1962 to Ruanda and 1977 - 1980 to the Holy See.	Felix Standaert	diplomat
occupation	Gimel Androus Keaton (born February 24, 1974) better known by his stage name Young Guru, is an American audio engineer, record producer and DJ. Young Guru was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011 for his work on ``Empire State of Mind'' by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys.	Young Guru	audio engineer
occupation	Sostratus of Cnidus (/ˈsɒstrətəs/; Greek: Σώστρατος ὁ Κνίδιος; born 3rd century BC), was a Greek architect and engineer.	Sostratus of Cnidus	engineer
occupation	Marion Walter Jacobs (May 1, 1930 -- February 15, 1968), known as Little Walter, was an American blues musician, singer, and songwriter, whose revolutionary approach to the harmonica earned him comparisons to seminal virtuosos Django Reinhardt, Charlie Parker and Jimi Hendrix, for innovation and impact on succeeding generations.	Little Walter	singer
occupation	Mani Gopal (Telugu: డా.మని గోపాల్ ), popularly known by his pen-name, Vanamali (Telugu: వనమాలి) is a Telugu lyricist and poet.	Vanamali	poet
occupation	Alfred Stieglitz (January 1, 1864 -- July 13, 1946) was an American photographer and modern art promoter who was instrumental over his fifty-year career in making photography an accepted art form.	Alfred Stieglitz	photographer
occupation	Jawahir Ahmed (Somali: Jawaahir Axmed, Arabic: جواهر احمد‎) is a Somali-American model.	Jawahir Ahmed	model
occupation	Joe Rock (December 25, 1893 -- December 5, 1984) was an American movie producer, director, actor, and screenwriter best remembered today for producing a series of 12 two reel comedies starring Stan Laurel in the 1920s.	Joe Rock	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Brooks Douglass (born 1961) is an American film producer and actor, lawyer, businessman, and former state senator in Oklahoma.	Brooks Douglass	film producer	actor	lawyer
occupation	Timothy Chambers is a philosopher who has written a number of articles which have appeared in the journals Mind (2000, 2001), the Monist (1998), Philosophy (2001), the Aristotelian Society Proceedings(2000), and Ratio (1999).	Timothy Chambers	philosopher
occupation	Jack Eric Williams (March 28, 1944 -- January 28, 1994) was an American actor, composer and lyricist for stage and film.	Jack Eric Williams	actor	composer
occupation	Jesse Eisinger is an American journalist, currently a financial reporter for ProPublica.	Jesse Eisinger	journalist
occupation	Åsmund Asdal (born 1957) is a Norwegian biologist and agronomist, employed at Nordic Genetic Resource Center (NordGen) as Svalbard Global Seed Vault(SGSV) Coordinator.	Åsmund Asdal	biologist
occupation	Paul Chesterton is an English actor based in Surrey.	Paul Chesterton	actor
occupation	Professor Jean Venables (born June 1948) CBE, BSc (Eng), MSc, DSc, FREng, CEng, CEnv, FICE, FCGI, MCIWEM is a British civil engineer who in November 2008 became the 144th President of the Institution of Civil Engineers, the first woman to be elected to the position.	Jean Venables	civil engineer
occupation	George Avakian (Armenian: Գևորգ Ավագյան; Russian: Геворк Авакян; born March 15, 1919) is an American record producer and executive known particularly for his work with Columbia Records, and his production of albums by Louis Armstrong, Miles Davis and other notable jazz musicians.	George Avakian	record producer
occupation	Israel Tanenbaum-Rivera (born March 7, 1961) is a Puerto Rican pianist, record producer, composer, arranger and audio engineer who has produced more than 50 albums and participated in over 100 recordings.	Israel Tanenbaum	record producer	composer	audio engineer
occupation	Christophe Bruno (born 1964) is a French visual artist who works particularly in the medium of internet art, and described as the world's first ``Human Browser''.	Christophe Bruno	artist
occupation	John Dayton Cerna, often credited as J. D. Cerna, is an American actor and a writer.	J. D. Cerna	actor	writer
occupation	Ella Mae Morse (September 12, 1924 -- October 16, 1999) was an American popular singer.	Ella Mae Morse	singer
occupation	Vincent Grantham (by 1496-1550), of Goltho and Lincoln, was an English politician.	Vincent Grantham	politician
occupation	Benedikt Kuripečič or Benedikt Kuripešić (German: Benedict Curipeschitz von Obernburg) was a 16th-century diplomat of the Habsburg Monarchy of Slovenian origin in Moscow and Istanbul.	Benedikt Kuripečič	diplomat
occupation	Paul Russell Cutright (March 18, 1897 -- March 11, 1988) was an American historian, biologist, and professor, who was especially known for his work on the Lewis and Clark Expedition history and scientific achievements.	Paul Russell Cutright	historian
occupation	Socrates (/ˈsɒkrətiːz/; Greek: Σωκράτης (sɔːkrátɛːs), Sōkrátēs; 470/469 -- 399 BC) was a classical Greek (Athenian) philosopher credited as one of the founders of Western philosophy.	Socrates	philosopher
occupation	Ashley Strand is an American actor and stand-up comedian based in New York.	Ashley Strand	actor
occupation	Jonathan Eig (born April 26, 1964) is an American journalist and the author of four books.	Jonathan Eig	journalist
occupation	Alan M. Portis (July 17, 1926 -- September 6, 2010) was an American a solid-state physicist.	Alan M. Portis	physicist
occupation	John Manning, Jr. (July 30, 1830 -- February 12, 1899) was a North Carolina politician who briefly served in the United States House of Representatives in 1870 and 1871.	John Manning, Jr.	politician
occupation	Robin Lord Taylor (born June 4, 1978) is an American film and television actor and director, known for Accepted (2006), Another Earth (2011) and Would You Rather (2012).	Robin Lord Taylor	actor
occupation	James Newton Howard (born June 9, 1951) is an American composer, conductor, music producer and musician.	James Newton Howard	composer	musician
occupation	Eric Schermerhorn (born April 11, 1961, Massachusetts, United States), is an American guitarist and composer.	Eric Schermerhorn	composer
occupation	Between 1945 and 1950 Mantle Hood studied Western music under composer Ernst Toch and composed several classical pieces.	Mantle Hood	composer
occupation	Douglas Allanbrook (April 1, 1921 -- January 29, 2003) was an American composer, concert pianist and harpsichordist.	Douglas Allanbrook	composer
occupation	Edmond Casarella (September 3, 1920 -- February 13, 1996) was an American printmaker, painter, and sculptor.	Edmond Casarella	painter
occupation	María de Jesús Vásquez Vásquez (December 20, 1920 -- April 3, 2010), known by the pseudonym La Reina y Señora de la Canción Criolla, was a virtuoso Peruvian singer.	Jesús Vásquez	singer
occupation	Mark Rothko (/ˈrɒθkoʊ/), born Markus Yakovlevich Rotkovich (Russian: Ма́ркус Я́ковлевич Ротко́вич, Latvian: Markuss Rotkovičs; September 25, 1903 -- February 25, 1970), was an American painter of Russian Jewish descent.	Mark Rothko	painter
occupation	Alessandro Polonini's father, Eutimio Polonini (or Entimio P., born circa 1820), was also an opera singer (bass) who sang in Italy, Paris, Saint Petersburg and London.	Alessandro Polonini	opera singer
occupation	Christopher Cardozo (born February 27, 1948) is an American art collector, curator, photographer and author.	Christopher Cardozo	photographer
occupation	Lia Purpura (born February 22, 1964, Mineola, New York) is an American poet, writer and educator.	Lia Purpura	poet
occupation	Ran Nakash (born 1978, French Naccache, Hebrew רן נקש) is an Israeli cruiserweight boxer.	Ran Nakash	boxer
occupation	Diane Crump (born 1948) is an American jockey and horse trainer.	Diane Crump	jockey
occupation	Nicholas Walters (born January 4, 1986) is a Jamaican professional boxer and former WBA (Super) featherweight champion.	Nicholas Walters	boxer
occupation	John Bernard Riley (b June 11, 1954, Aberdeen, MD) is an American jazz drummer, a music educator -- at the collegiate and conservatory levels -- and a music clinician.	John Bernard Riley	music educator
occupation	Malcolm Ingram is a Canadian independent film director, and podcaster.	Malcolm Ingram	film director
occupation	Neil Cohalan (July 31, 1906 -- January 22, 1968) was a professional basketball coach.	Neil Cohalan	basketball coach
occupation	Saint Guirec (c. 6th century), according to oral tradition, was a Welsh monk who sought to establish a monastery in Celtic Brittany.	Saint Guirec	monk
occupation	Luke Sela (b. ? - June 6, 2007) was a journalist and newspaper editor from Papua New Guinea.	Luke Sela	journalist
occupation	Jan Nieuwenhuys (January 8, 1922 -- December 28, 1986) was a Dutch painter and one of the early active founders of the Dutch Experimentalists group (Reflex) that later became part of CoBrA.	Jan Nieuwenhuys	painter
occupation	Simi Sara is a Canadian radio and television broadcaster, currently a talk radio host on CKNW in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Simi Sara	radio host
occupation	Ndidi Onukwulu is a Canadian singer originally from Burns Lake, British Columbia.	Ndidi Onukwulu	singer
occupation	Bjarni Herjólfsson (fl. 10th century) was a Norse-Icelandic explorer who is the first known European discoverer of the mainland of the Americas, which he sighted in 986.	Bjarni Herjólfsson	explorer
occupation	Chun Ge (simplified Chinese: 春哥; Tongyong Pinyin: Chūn Gē), which means ``Brother Chun'' and is often translated as ``Spring Brother'', is a nickname for the singer Li Yuchun, which subsequently became a popular Chinese Internet meme.	Chun Ge	singer
occupation	Albert Francis Judd (1838--1900) was a judge of the Kingdom of Hawaii who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court through its transition into part of the United States.	Albert Francis Judd	judge
occupation	Bansi Kaul (Kashmiri: बंसी कौल (Devanagari), بنسی کول (Nastaleeq)) (born 1949) is a Hindi theatre director and the founder of Rang Vidushak, a theatre group and Theatre institute in Bhopal.	Bansi Kaul	theatre director
occupation	Alisha Sufit was the singer songwriter with the 1970s Magic Carpet (band) whose eponymous first album was released on the UK Mushroom label in 1972.	Alisha Sufit	singer
occupation	JA-JA is a Japanese singer, most notably remembered for his song Paradise no Kakuritsu, part of the Patlabor theme soundtrack.	JA-JA	singer
occupation	Elijah Samuel Burke (born May 24, 1978) is an American professional wrestler and color commentator, currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) as a commentator under the ring name ``The Pope'' D'Angelo Dinero.	D'Angelo Dinero	professional wrestler
occupation	Elias Brenner (April 18, 1647 -- January 16, 1717), was a Finnish painter, numismatist, and archeologist.	Elias Brenner	painter
occupation	Dyanna Lauren (born March 18, 1965) is an American erotic dancer, pornographic actress, singer and director.	Dyanna Lauren	singer
occupation	Marc Kaminsky is a poet, writer, psychotherapist, and gerontologist whose work ranges from editing a study of life review called The Uses of Reminiscence to poetry like A Table With People and The Road from Hiroshima.	Marc Kaminsky	poet
occupation	Elliot Davis is a British composer, musician and music documentary maker.	Elliot Davis	composer
occupation	Olga Karina Jelinek Yamaguchi (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈɾina ʝeliˈnek), (kaˈɾina xeliˈnek); born March 22, 1981) is an Argentine model, actress and television personality.	Karina Jelinek	model
occupation	Robinson Savary (born May 17, 1969) is a French Film director, screenwriter, and photographer.	Robinson Savary	screenwriter	photographer
occupation	Vanessa Bruno is a Parisian clothing designer.	Vanessa Bruno	designer
occupation	Glen Tetley (born February 3, 1926, Cleveland, Ohio -- died January 26, 2007, Florida) was an American ballet and modern dancer as well as a choreographer who mixed ballet and modern dance to create a new way of looking at dance, and is best known for his piece Pierrot Lunaire.	Glen Tetley	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Jack Gelber (April 12, 1932 -- May 9, 2003) was an American playwright best known for his 1959 drama The Connection, depicting the life of drug-addicted jazz musicians.	Jack Gelber	playwright
occupation	Joseph Smith Harris (April 29, 1836 -- June 1, 1910) was an American surveyor, civil engineer, and railroad executive.	Joseph Smith Harris	civil engineer
occupation	First Miniseries During the premiere of the play Mind Deception, actor and producer Malvino Salvador late on Thursday (11th), Rio de Janeiro, Marjorie Estiano took the opportunity to talk about the work of two that will air in January 2011, called ``Amor em Quatro Atos'' (Love in Four Acts).	Marjorie Estiano	actor
occupation	Thomas Yatsko is an American cinematographer and television director, known for his work on television series like CSI:	Thomas Yatsko	cinematographer	television director
occupation	Keith Ingham (born February 5, 1942) is an English jazz pianist, mainly active in swing and Dixieland revival.	Keith Ingham	pianist
occupation	LiliAna Rose (born June 15, 1984) is a folk-pop, singer-songwriter from New York City, of English and Italian descent.	LiliAna Rose	singer-songwriter
occupation	Alessandro Leopardi (sometimes called Leopardo) (1466 -- 1512) was a Venetian sculptor, bronze founder and architect.	Alessandro Leopardi	sculptor	architect
occupation	Abu Mansur Ali ibn Ahmad Asadi Tusi (Persian: ابومنصور علی بن احمد اسدی طوسی‎‎) was a Persian poet, linguist and author.	Asadi Tusi	poet
occupation	Xie Shaoguang (born 15 September 1961), also known as Cha Shao-Kwong, is a retired Singaporean actor best known for acting in many Chinese-language television series produced by MediaCorp Channel 8.	Xie Shaoguang	actor
occupation	Lola Astanova (Russian: Лола Астанова, born 1985 in Tashkent, former USSR) is a Russian-American pianist, noted for her interpretations of compositions by Chopin, Liszt and Rachmaninoff, as well as piano transcriptions.	Lola Astanova	pianist
occupation	Anna M.M. Vetticad is an Indian film critic and journalist.	Anna M.M. Vetticad	journalist
occupation	Peter Ludlow (born January 16, 1957), who also writes under the pseudonym Urizenus Sklar, is a philosopher of language.	Peter Ludlow	philosopher
occupation	Božo Nikolić (September 22, 1946 -- November 17, 2010) was a Croat sea captain and politician from Montenegro, and one of the founders of Croatian Civic Initiative.	Božo Nikolić	politician
occupation	Darrell Nulisch (born September 14, 1952, Dallas, Texas) is an American electric blues singer and harmonica player.	Darrell Nulisch	singer
occupation	Ralph Henry Barbour (Also wrote, with L.H. Bickford, as Richard Stillman Powell)(November 13, 1870 -- February 19, 1944) was an American novelist, who wrote popular works of sports fiction for boys.	Ralph Henry Barbour	novelist
occupation	Saint Gaspar del Bufalo (January 6, 1786 -- December 28, 1837), also known as Gaspare del Bufalo, was a Roman Catholic priest and the founder of the Missionaries of the Precious Blood.	Gaspar del Bufalo	Catholic priest
occupation	Kurt Hirschhorn (born 1926), is an Viennese born American pediatrician, medical geneticist, and cytogeneticist who identified the chromosomal defects that underlie Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome.	Kurt Hirschhorn	geneticist
occupation	Nathaniel Dwayne Hale (August 19, 1969 -- March 15, 2011), better known by his stage name Nate Dogg, was an American rapper, singer, and actor.	Nate Dogg	rapper	singer
occupation	Varun Sharma is an Indian actor who made his debut in Farhan Akhtar's 2013 film production Fukrey, which was a surprise hit in Bollywood.	Varun Sharma	actor
occupation	Ivan Franek (born 1964), sometimes credited as Ivan Franeck, is a Czech film and television actor; he is also a cinematographer.	Ivan Franek	actor	cinematographer
occupation	Gregory Sporleder (April 24, 1964) is an American actor notable for playing military men in films such as The Rock, Black Hawk Down and Renaissance Man, as well as Calvin Norris in the HBO series True Blood.	Gregory Sporleder	actor
occupation	Meton of Athens (Greek: Μέτων ὁ Ἀθηναῖος; gen.: Μέτωνος) was a Greek mathematician, astronomer, geometer, and engineer who lived in Athens in the 5th century BC. He is best known for calculations involving the eponymous 19-year Metonic cycle which he introduced in 432 BC into the lunisolar Attic calendar.	Meton of Athens	astronomer	engineer
occupation	Marshalyn Yeargin-Allsopp is a medical epidemiologist and chief of the developmental disabilities branch at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, where she has worked since 1981.	Marshalyn Yeargin-Allsopp	epidemiologist
occupation	Brad Schimel (born February 18, 1965) is an American prosecutor and the current Wisconsin Attorney General, serving since January 5, 2015.	Brad Schimel	prosecutor
occupation	Nancy Sales Cash (born March 28, 1940, in North Carolina, United States) is an American novelist, journalist and television producer.	Nancy Sales Cash	novelist
occupation	Much of Lagumot Harris's active involvement in political leadership revolved around troubled issues surrounding the veteran Nauruan politician, seven-time President Bernard Dowiyogo.	Lagumot Harris	politician
occupation	George Francis Richardson (December 6, 1829 -- March 22, 1912) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the nineteenth mayor of Lowell, Massachusetts, and as a member of the Massachusetts State Senate.	George Francis Richardson	lawyer	politician
occupation	Jovan Erdeljanović (Serbian: Јован Ердељановић, November 11, 1874--February 12, 1944) was an Austro-Hungarian, Serbian and Yugoslav ethnologist, considered the founder of ethnology of the Serbs.	Jovan Erdeljanović	ethnologist
occupation	Usamah Mohamad (born c. 1980) is a Sudanese web developer, blogger, and citizen journalist from Omdurman arrested during the protests of June 2012.	Usamah Mohamad	journalist
occupation	Guilhem Anelier de Tolosa (also William or Guillaume) was a troubadour from Languedoc.	Guilhem Anelier	troubadour
occupation	Anna Rutgers van der Loeff (1910--1990) was a Dutch writer of children's novels.	Anna Rutgers van der Loeff	writer
occupation	Tiffany Gooden (born October 23, 1975) was a professional basketball player in the ABL.	Tiffany Gooden	basketball player
occupation	George Henry Warren II (October 17, 1856 -- June 2, 1943) was a New York City stockbroker and real estate developer.	George Henry Warren II	stockbroker
occupation	Harry Mills Walcott (July 6, 1870 -- November 4, 1944) was a leading American painter and teacher in the first few decades of the 20th century.	Harry Mills Walcott	painter
occupation	Galaton (Ancient Greek: Γαλάτων) was an ancient Greek painter, whose picture representing Homer vomiting with other poets gathering up the vomit, is mentioned by Aelian ( V. H. xiii. 22) and by a scholiast to Lucian (i. p. 499, ed. Wetstein), who calls the painter Gelaton.	Galaton	painter
occupation	Cornelis de Jode was a cartographer, engraver and publisher from Antwerp.	Cornelis de Jode	cartographer
occupation	George Berrell (December 16, 1849 -- April 20, 1933) was an American actor of both the 19th and early 20th century stage and of the silent film era.	George Berrell	actor
occupation	Shafiq Mureed (Persian: شفیق مرید‎‎) is an Afghan singer and composer.	Shafiq Mureed	singer
occupation	Napoleon Iłłakowicz (born December 2, 1811, died November 7, 1861 in Vilnius) was a Polish painter, and decorator.	Napoleon Iłłakowicz	painter
occupation	Connie Saltonstall is a Michigan Democratic politician, a former Charlevoix County Commissioner, and a former candidate for the United States House of Representatives from Michigan's 1st congressional district.	Connie Saltonstall	politician
occupation	Nataša Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Наташа Ђорђевић) is a famous Serbian pop-folk singer.	Nataša Đorđević	singer
occupation	James Kilbourne (October 19, 1770 -- April 9, 1850) was an American surveyor and politician from Ohio.	James Kilbourne	politician
occupation	Mariano de Aycinena y Piñol (1789-1855) was an important merchant and conservative politician from Guatemala.	Mariano de Aycinena y Piñol	politician
occupation	Leonard Starr (October 28, 1925 -- June 30, 2015) was an American cartoonist, comic book artist, and advertising artist, best known for creating the newspaper comic strip On Stage and reviving Little Orphan Annie.	Leonard Starr	cartoonist
occupation	Jose Maria Flores Lacaba, Jr., better known as Jose F. Lacaba, is a Filipino poet, journalist, and screenwriter.	Jose F. Lacaba	journalist
occupation	Willis Collins Hoover Kurt (July 20, 1858 -- May 26, 1936) was an American Methodist missionary and pastor, founder of the Methodist Pentecostal Church of Chile and the Chilean Pentecostal movement.	Willis Collins Hoover Kurt	pastor
occupation	Louise Groody began as cabaret dancer in New York and while still in her teens drew the attention of Broadway producer Charles Dillingham that led to a dancing role in the 1915 C. M. S. McLellan musical revue, Around the Map.	Louise Groody	dancer
occupation	Goldie Hill (January 11, 1933 -- February 24, 2005), born Argolda Voncile Hill, was an American country music singer.	Goldie Hill	singer
occupation	Josef Norris (full name Anthony Josef Norris, born April 14, 1965) is an American artist who has made public murals and mosaic portraits.	Josef Norris	artist
occupation	Charles Baehni (August 21, 1906 -- January 23, 1964) was a Swiss botanist who made important contributions to scientific knowledge in the botanical field.	Charles Baehni	botanist
occupation	Dzvinia Orlowsky is a Ukrainian American poet, translator, editor, and professor.	Dzvinia Orlowsky	translator
occupation	Abbas Tyrewala is an Indian film storywriter, screenwriter, dialogue writer and director.	Abbas Tyrewala	screenwriter
occupation	Gianfranco Piccioli is an Italian film director, film producer and screenwriter best known for such films as The Flower with the Petals of Steel, Beach House, Bix, and The Pool Hustlers.	Gianfranco Piccioli	film director	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Neal Pogue, born Neal Harrington Pogue, is an American hip-hop producer, audio engineer and mixer from Roselle, New Jersey based in Atlanta, Georgia.	Neal Pogue	audio engineer
occupation	Mona Borzouee (Persian: مونا برزویی, (born May 9, 1984)) is an Iranian poet and lyricist.	Mona Borzouee	poet
occupation	The Center is named after the Reverend Doctor Anna Howard Shaw, a Methodist minister, medical doctor, and suffragist.	Anna Howard Shaw	minister
occupation	Elwood Haynes (October 14, 1857 -- April 13, 1925) was an American inventor, metallurgist, automotive pioneer, entrepreneur and industrialist.	Elwood Haynes	entrepreneur
occupation	Joseph Edward Billings was an architect in Boston, Massachusetts, in the mid-19th century.	Joseph Edward Billings	architect
occupation	Lorenzo Aragón Armenteros (born April 28, 1974) is a Cuban boxer, who was a two-time world champion in the welterweight (69 kg) category.	Lorenzo Aragón	boxer
occupation	Jyotirindranath Tagore (Bengali: জ্যোতিরিন্দ্রনাথ ঠাকুর) (May 4, 1849 -- March 4, 1925) was a playwright, a musician, an editor and a painter.	Jyotirindranath Tagore	playwright
occupation	Fabrício Werdum (Portuguese pronunciation: (faˈbɾisju veʁˈdũ); born July 30, 1977) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and the current UFC Heavyweight Champion.	Fabrício Werdum	mixed martial artist
occupation	François-Xavier-Antoine Labelle (November 24, 1833 -- January 4, 1891) was a Roman Catholic priest and the person principally responsible for the settlement (or ``colonization'') of the Laurentians.	Antoine Labelle	priest
occupation	Dwight Jaynes is a journalist and sportswriter in Portland, Oregon.	Dwight Jaynes	journalist
occupation	Elmer Gertz (September 14, 1906 -- April 27, 2000) was an American lawyer, writer, law professor, and civil rights activist.	Elmer Gertz	lawyer
occupation	Gustave Preiss (1881--1963) was a Swiss cinematographer known for his work in Weimar Germany.	Gustave Preiss	cinematographer
occupation	Franklin MacVeagh (November 22, 1837 -- July 6, 1934) was an American politician, lawyer, grocer and banker.	Franklin MacVeagh	politician
occupation	Gauceran or Gauseran de Saint-Leidier was an Auvergnat castellan and troubadour from Saint-Didier-la-Séauve in the Bishopric of Velay.	Gauseran de Saint-Leidier	troubadour
occupation	Edyta Herbuś (Polish pronunciation: (ɛˈdɨta ˈxɛrbuɕ); born February 26, 1981) is a Polish dancer, model, and actress.	Edyta Herbuś	dancer
occupation	Miyu Nakashio (born October 21, 1996) is a Japanese figure skater.	Miyu Nakashio	figure skater
occupation	Eugene Hugh Beaumont (February 16, 1909 -- May 14, 1982) was an American actor and television director.	Hugh Beaumont	actor
occupation	John Joye or Joyce (fl. 1584) was an English politician.	John Joye	politician
occupation	Galleazzo Appiani was an Italian architect who worked in Poland.	Galleazzo Appiani	architect
occupation	Starr Parodi (born Los Angeles, California) is an American composer, conductor, arranger, music director and pianist.	Starr Parodi	composer
occupation	Laura Cavendish, Countess of Burlington (born 1972) was previously known as the model Laura Roundell, the daughter of City businessman Richard Roundell, deputy chairman of Christie's and his wife Anthea, both of Dorfold Hall, a Jacobean house in Cheshire.	Laura Cavendish, Countess of Burlington	model
occupation	Farish Carter Tate (November 20, 1856 -- February 7, 1922) was a Georgia state legislator, U.S. Representative and lawyer.	Farish Carter Tate	lawyer
occupation	Ethan Stoller is an American composer, music editor and producer from Chicago, Illinois.	Ethan Stoller	composer
occupation	Shannon Applegate is an American author, lecturer, and historian from the state of Oregon.	Shannon Applegate	historian
occupation	Kommidi Narasimha Reddy, also known as Bhudhan Reddy, is an Indian politician affiliated with the Indian National Congress.	Kommidi Narasimha Reddy	politician
occupation	Pedro Sousa (born May 27, 1988) is a Portuguese professional tennis player who competes on the ATP Tour.	Pedro Sousa	tennis player
occupation	Said Tamghart is a French-Algerian rugby league player who currently plays for Halifax and is a French international.	Said Tamghart	rugby league player
occupation	Augustine Kortu (born in Kailahun, Kailahun District, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean politician.	Augustine Kortu	politician
occupation	Edward Lee Thrasher Jr. (March 7, 1932 -- August 5, 2006), known as Ed Thrasher, was an American Art Director and photographer.	Ed Thrasher	photographer
occupation	Tabarak Dar (Urdu: تبآراک ڈار‎; born May 3, 1976) is a Pakistani-born cricketer who played for Hong Kong.	Tabarak Dar	cricketer
occupation	Rajive Bagrodia, Ph.D. is an Indian-American computer scientist and entrepreneur.	Rajive Bagrodia	computer scientist
occupation	Wolfgang Klausewitz (born July 20, 1922) is a German zoologist, ichthyologist, marine biologist and biohistorian.	Wolfgang Klausewitz	marine biologist
occupation	Roin Metreveli (Georgian: როინ მეტრეველი) is a Georgian Academician and historian.	Roin Metreveli	historian
occupation	Lawrence Leritz (born September 26, 1962) is an American dancer, singer, actor, producer, director, fitness expert and choreographer.	Lawrence Leritz	singer	choreographer
occupation	Constance Anne Kemmerer, commonly known as Connie Kemmerer, is a businesswoman and philanthropist.	Connie Kemmerer	philanthropist
occupation	Bob Benoit (born July 21, 1954 in Topeka, Kansas) was a professional bowler in the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA) in the 1980s and 1990s.	Bob Benoit	bowler
occupation	Carlos Cores (April 19, 1923 -- February 8, 2000) was an Argentine film actor, and film director.	Carlos Cores	actor	film director
occupation	Lattanzio Mainardi (fl. 16th century) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance or Mannerist period.	Lattanzio Mainardi	painter
occupation	Mayfa' Abdel Rahman al-Qiyadi (born 1951) is a Yemeni short story writer and journalist.	Mayfa' Abdel Rahman	journalist
occupation	Chief Dr Edet Amana (born December 11, 1938) is a Nigerian engineer.	Edet Amana	engineer
occupation	Monika Babok (born November 30, 1991) is a Croatian swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and butterfly events.	Monika Babok	swimmer
occupation	George Sherman (July 14, 1908 -- March 15, 1991) was an American film director and producer of low-budget Western films.	George Sherman	film director
occupation	Casey Sanchez is an American journalist who writes about race and poverty issues.	Casey Sanchez	journalist
occupation	Robert D. Siegel (born November 12, 1971) is an American screenwriter for The Onion Movie and The Wrestler, as well as the writer and director of Big Fan.	Robert D. Siegel	screenwriter
occupation	Despina Vandi was selected to host the event along with actor Giorgos Kapoutzidis.	Despina Vandi	actor
occupation	Peter David Heyn (born June 26, 1945, Colombo) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played 18 unofficial tests from 1966 to 1976, and two ODIs in the World Cup 1975.	David Heyn	cricketer
occupation	Rocky Dean (born June 17, 1978) is a British professional boxer from Thetford in Norfolk, England.	Rocky Dean	boxer
occupation	Daisy Fuentes (born November 17, 1966) is a Cuban-born American television host and model.	Daisy Fuentes	model
occupation	Nay Win Maung (Burmese: နေဝင်းမောင်; June 30, 1962 -- January 1, 2012) was a Burmese physician, businessman and pro-democracy activist.	Nay Win Maung	physician
occupation	Saroja Vaidyanathan (September 19, 1937- ) is a choreographer, guru and exponent of Bharatanatyam.	Saroja Vaidyanathan	choreographer
occupation	Billy Incardona (born December 2, 1943) is an American professional pool player.	Billy Incardona	pool player
occupation	Don Rittner is an American historian, archeologist, environmental activist, educator, and author living in the Capital District, Schenectady County, New York.	Don Rittner	historian
occupation	Yuriy Shumovskyi (Ukrainian: Юрій Шумовський) was a famous Ukrainian archaeologist and priest.	Yuriy Shumovskyi	archaeologist
occupation	Taekjip Ha (born February 20, 1968, Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean-born American biophysicist who is currently a Bloomberg Distinguished Professor of Biophysics and Biomedical Engineering at Johns Hopkins University.	Taekjip Ha	biophysicist
occupation	Palusalue Fa’apo II is a Samoan politician and former Cabinet Minister.	Palusalue Fa’apo II	politician
occupation	Rob Howard (born 1954 or 1955) is a Canadian politician who was elected to the 39th Parliament of British Columbia as the Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from the riding of Richmond Centre.	Rob Howard	politician
occupation	A. Mohammedjan is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly from Ranipet constituency.	A. Mohammedjan	politician
occupation	John Burgee (born August 28, 1933) is an American architect noted for his contributions to Postmodern architecture.	John Burgee	architect
occupation	Mayer Alter Horowitz is an American Hasidic rabbi.	Mayer Alter Horowitz	rabbi
occupation	Stanley Foster Reed (1917-2007) was an entrepreneur, inventor, and publisher who founded Reed Research Inc. in 1940, ``Mergers & Acquisitions'' journal in 1965, and ``Campaigns & Elections'' magazine in 1980.	Stanley Foster Reed	entrepreneur
occupation	Cosimo Gamberucci (1562-1621), a Florentine painter, was a scholar of Battista Naldini.	Cosimo Gamberucci	painter
occupation	Nikki Flores (born October 17, 1988) is a Mexican-American pop singer, pianist, and songwriter.	Nikki Flores	singer
occupation	Alireza Sabahi better known as Alec Cartio (also known as Alexander Cartio), is an Iranian-Swedish music video and commercial and film director.	Alec Cartio	film director
occupation	Michael Kesse Frimpong (born November 29, 1986), better known by his stage name Kesse, is a Ghanaian recording artist, entertainer and composer.	Kesse	composer
occupation	Keitaro Harada (原田慶太楼, born February 26, 1985) is a Japanese conductor and is Associate Conductor of Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra Arizona Opera, Richmond Symphony Orchestra and Principal Guest Conductor of Sierra Vista Symphony Orchestra.	Keitaro Harada	conductor
occupation	Duff McDonald is a Canadian American business journalist and writer based in New York.	Duff McDonald	journalist
occupation	Bill Fishman is an American film director, whose work includes the cult film Tapeheads, starring Tim Robbins and John Cusack, as well as the film version of the TV classic Car 54, Where Are You?.	Bill Fishman	film director
occupation	Barry Cheesman (born August 29, 1959) is an American professional golfer who played on the Nationwide Tour and the PGA Tour, before getting into golf he was a minor league baseball player.	Barry Cheesman	golfer	baseball player
occupation	Juan Terranova (born December 28, 1975) is an Argentine writer, one of the newly appeared voices in Argentine contemporary Literature.	Juan Terranova	writer
occupation	Charlotte Lembach (born 1 April 1988) is a French sabre fencer, silver team medal in the 2014 World Fencing Championships and in 2014 European Fencing Championships.	Charlotte Lembach	fencer
occupation	Barry Kelley (August 19, 1908 -- June 5, 1991) was an actor on Broadway in the 1930s and '40s and in films during the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s.	Barry Kelley	actor
occupation	Renetta Yemika Lowe-Bridgewater (September 30, 1982 -- December 20, 2010), known by the stage name Magnolia Shorty, was an American rapper in the New Orleans-based bounce music scene.	Magnolia Shorty	rapper
occupation	Manish Gandhi is an Indian theatre director and stage, film and TV actor.	Manish Gandhi	theatre director
occupation	Edward Jackson Lowell (October 18, 1845, Boston -- May 11, 1894, Cotuit, Massachusetts) was a United States (Massachusetts) lawyer and historian.	Edward Jackson Lowell	historian
occupation	David Stromeyer (born 1946) is an American abstract sculptor who is best known for his large-scale, outdoor, painted steel sculptures.	David Stromeyer	sculptor
occupation	Roberta Williams (born February 16, 1953) is an American video game designer, writer and a co-founder of Sierra On-Line (later known as Sierra Entertainment), who developed her first game while living in Simi Valley, California.	Roberta Williams	writer
occupation	Tia Bajpai (born Twinkle Bajpai) is an Indian singer, television and film actress.	Tia Bajpai	singer
occupation	Matthew Santos is an American rock and folk singer-songwriter, musician and painter.	Matthew Santos	singer	musician
occupation	Matthias Pechmann is a retired German swimmer who won two medals in the individual medley events at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships.	Matthias Pechmann	swimmer
occupation	Charles Lafortune (born July 25, 1969) is a Canadian actor and radio and television host.	Charles Lafortune	actor
occupation	Charles Wachsmuth (September 13, 1829 -- February 7, 1896) was an American paleontologist born in Hanover.	Charles Wachsmuth	paleontologist
occupation	Ted Griffin (born December 21, 1970) is an American screenwriter whose credits include Ravenous, Matchstick Men, and Ocean's Eleven.	Ted Griffin	screenwriter
occupation	Giff Johnson is a Marshall Islands based editor and journalist.	Giff Johnson	journalist
occupation	Billy Peterson (born as Willard Peterson, in Minnesota) is an American bass player, songwriter, composer, session musician and producer.	Billy Peterson	composer
occupation	Gunilla Hutton (May 15, 1944) is a Swedish-born American actress and singer, perhaps most notable for her roles as the second Billie Jo Bradley (1965--66) on Petticoat Junction (1963-70) and as a regular cast member in the television series Hee Haw until 1992.	Gunilla Hutton	singer
occupation	Master D. M. L. is an unidentified German painter of the Renaissance period.	Master D. M. L.	painter
occupation	Antonia Christina Basilotta (born September 22, 1943), better known by her stage name Toni Basil, is an American singer-songwriter, actress, filmmaker, film director, choreographer, and dancer, best known for her multi-million selling worldwide No. 1 hit ``Mickey'' from 1982.	Toni Basil	singer-songwriter	film director	choreographer
occupation	Brette Taylor is an American actress and country music singer-songwriter.	Brette Taylor	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mathias Rüegg (born 8th Dec. 1952 in Zurich) is a European musician, composer, and bandleader best known as founder and director of the Vienna Art Orchestra from 1977 to 2010.	Mathias Rüegg	bandleader
occupation	Scott Pethybridge is a former rugby league player who played for four clubs over his career.	Scott Pethybridge	rugby league player
occupation	Alberto Breccia (April 15, 1919 -- November 10, 1993) was an Uruguay-born Argentine comics artist and writer.	Alberto Breccia	comics artist
occupation	Shirley Mallmann (born February 15, 1977) is a Brazilian model of German descent.	Shirley Mallmann	model
occupation	Giuseppe Antonio Capuzzi (also Capucci; August 1, 1755 -- March 28, 1818) was an Italian violinist and composer.	Antonio Capuzzi	composer
occupation	Marli Harwood (born Marilena Buck, Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, England), also known as Marli Buck, is a British singer and songwriter.	Marli Harwood	singer
occupation	Amber Lynn (born Laura Lynn Allen on September 3, 1964) is an American pornographic film actress, model, and exotic dancer.	Amber Lynn	model
occupation	Dorothy Ann Purser is a screenwriter who was born in Hammond, Louisiana.	Dorothy Ann Purser	screenwriter
occupation	Tony Tixier is a French jazz pianist born in 1986.	Tony Tixier	pianist
occupation	Peter D. Sieruta, (October 13, 1958 -- May 25, 2012) was an American writer and book critic.	Peter D. Sieruta	writer
occupation	Marc Geiger is an American music executive, talent agent, and entrepreneur.	Marc Geiger	talent agent
occupation	Walter Olkewicz (born May 14, 1948) is an American actor who played Marko in Wizards and Warriors and Coach Wordman in Making the Grade.	Walter Olkewicz	actor
occupation	Stanley Milgram (August 15, 1933 -- December 20, 1984) was an American social psychologist, best known for his controversial experiment on obedience conducted in the 1960s during his professorship at Yale.	Stanley Milgram	psychologist
occupation	Tadesse Alemu (Amharic: ታደሠ ዓለሙ?) was an Ethiopian singer from Wollega who sang traditional Ethiopian songs, sometimes Christian-based, in an upbeat pop-music style with the modern-day electronic instrumentation that is characteristic of today's Ethiopian popular music.	Tadesse Alemu	singer
occupation	Aki Ville Yrjänä (born 30 July 1967 in Kemi), better known by the stage name, A. W. Yrjänä (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈɑːʋeː ˈyrjænæ)), is a poet and the singer, bassist, and primary songwriter of the Finnish rock band CMX.	A. W. Yrjänä	singer
occupation	Jennifer Saul is a philosopher working in the philosophy of language and in the philosophy of feminism.	Jennifer Saul	philosopher
occupation	Eddy Offord is a former record producer and recording engineer, who worked on some of the most famous progressive rock albums of the 1970s, often at London's Advision Studios.	Eddy Offord	record producer
occupation	Eric Assmus (Russian: Эрих А. Асмус ?--1937/1939, literally Erih Asmus) was a Soviet diplomat of German descent.	Eric Assmus	diplomat
occupation	Hermann Szobel is/was a pianist and composer.	Hermann Szobel	composer
occupation	Tyrin Turner (born July 17, 1971) is an American actor from South Central, Los Angeles who has appeared in movies since 1989.	Tyrin Turner	actor
occupation	Erdal Merdan (April 8, 1949 - March 24, 2010) was a German dramatist, actor and stage director of Turkish origin.	Erdal Merdan	actor
occupation	Laura Zigman is an American novelist and freelance journalist who lives outside Boston, Massachusetts.	Laura Zigman	novelist
occupation	Alexander Monroe Dockery (February 11, 1845 -- December 26, 1926) was an American physician and politician from the state of Missouri.	Alexander Monroe Dockery	politician
occupation	Onasander or Onosander (Greek: Ὀνήσανδρος Onesandros or Ὀνόσανδρος Onosandros; fl. 1st century AD) was a Greek philosopher.	Onasander	philosopher
occupation	Kiripi Katembo, also known as Kiripi Katembo Siku, (June 20, 1979 -- August 5, 2015) was a Congolese photographer, documentary filmmaker and painter.	Kiripi Katembo	photographer
occupation	Olga Gurski (1902-1975) (Gursky, O. Kriukow, Ольга Сергіївна Гурська) was a Ukrainian painter.	Olga Gurski	painter
occupation	Morshedul Islam (Born: December 1, 1958) is a Bangladeshi film director.	Morshedul Islam	film director
occupation	Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus (383/384 - after 402) was a politician of the Roman empire, member of the influential family of the Symmachi.	Quintus Fabius Memmius Symmachus	politician
occupation	Tom Cassell, also known as TheSyndicateProject, Tom Syndicate or sometimes simply Syndicate, is a British YouTuber and vlogger.	Tom Cassell	YouTuber
occupation	Daniela Rhodes FRS is a distinguished structural and molecular biologist.	Daniela Rhodes	molecular biologist
occupation	Liang Bo (Chinese: 梁博; pinyin: Liáng Bó; born March 25, 1991) also known Bruce Liang, is a Chinese pop rock singer-songwriter.	Liang Bo	singer
occupation	Allison Lefcort (born May 14, 1975) is an American ``Pop Art'' painter who has made works of rock stars, singers, political figures and Disney characters.	Allison Lefcort	painter
occupation	A. B. MacDonald (born c. 1861; date of death unknown) was a journalist for the Kansas City Star who won a Pulitzer Prize for Reporting in 1931 for ``his work in connection with a murder in Amarillo, Texas.''	A. B. MacDonald	journalist
occupation	Philip Benedict is an American historian of the Protestant Reformation in Europe, currently holding the title of Professor Emeritus (profeseur honoraire) at the University of Geneva's Institute for Reformation History (l'Institut d'histoire de la Réformation).	Philip Benedict	historian
occupation	César Octavio Müller Leiva mostly known under the pseudony Oreste Plath (30 August 1907 -- 29 September 1996) was a Chilean writer and folklorist.	Oreste Plath	writer
occupation	Paula Aboud (born March 20, 1950) is an American politician who was a member of the Arizona Senate, representing the 28th District.	Paula Aboud	politician
occupation	Margarita Ortigas (generally known as Marga Ortigas) is a Filipino broadcast journalist, currently working for Al Jazeera English.	Marga Ortigas	journalist
occupation	Minhyong Kim is a South Korean mathematician who specialises in arithmetical algebraic geometry.	Minhyong Kim	mathematician
occupation	Noam Lanir (born February 18, 1967) is an Israeli entrepreneur and the controlling shareholder and CEO of Livermore Investment Group, formerly known as Empire Online.	Noam Lanir	entrepreneur
occupation	Killian Wells is a pop singer, songwriter, record producer, and entrepreneur from New York City.	Killian Wells	singer, songwriter
occupation	H.G. Nicolson (dates of birth and death unknown) was a Burmese cricketer, although where he was born is unknown.	H.G. Nicolson	cricketer
occupation	Floyd Martin Thornton was a British screenwriter and film director, often credited as F. Martin Thornton.	Floyd Martin Thornton	film director
occupation	Florian Mistelbauer (born November 20, 1983 in Vienna) is an Austrian figure skater who competed in men's singles.	Florian Mistelbauer	figure skater
occupation	Ilton Wjuniski (born June 22, 1960) is a Brazilian-born French harpsichordist.	Ilton Wjuniski	harpsichordist
occupation	Derek Mulligan is a former Westmeath junior Gaelic footballer and an Australian rules footballer.	Derek Mulligan	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Andrew James Trauth, commonly known as A.J. Trauth (born September 14, 1986) is an American actor and musician.	A.J. Trauth	actor
occupation	Ali Kazak (Arabic: علي القزق) was a senior Palestinian diplomat.	Ali Kazak	diplomat
occupation	Graham Elwood (born August 5, 1969) is an American comedian, actor, podcaster, and writer.	Graham Elwood	actor
occupation	Henry Folliott, 3rd Baron Folliott (died 17 October 1716) was an Irish nobleman and politician.	Henry Folliott, 3rd Baron Folliott	politician
occupation	Michael Heart (born Annas Allaf, Arabic: أنس علاف‎) is a Syrian American singer-songwriter, recording artist, guitarist, Oud player, producer and audio engineer based in Los Angeles, CA.	Michael Heart	singer-songwriter	audio engineer
occupation	Stéphane Poulin (born 1961) is a Canadian children's book author and illustrator living in Quebec.	Stéphane Poulin	illustrator
occupation	Kavi Shastri, (born 19 February 1986; London, UK) is a British film and television actor who has acted in the Indian Hindi Film Industry.	Kavi Shastri	actor
occupation	Eva M. Clayton (born September 16, 1934) is a politician from the state of North Carolina.	Eva M. Clayton	politician
occupation	Michael Bramwell () is an American visual artist based in North Carolina.	Michael Bramwell	artist
occupation	David H. Kirn is an American entrepreneur and scientist.	David H. Kirn	scientist
occupation	Peter Krogh (born November 9, 1960) is an American photographer, author, public speaker, filmmaker and publisher.	Peter Krogh	photographer
occupation	Vojin Jelić (November 27, 1921 -- December 19, 2004) was a Croatian Serb writer and poet.	Vojin Jelić	poet
occupation	Aaron Fox is an American ethnomusicologist, anthropologist, and linguist.	Aaron Fox	ethnomusicologist	anthropologist
occupation	Kalidas Chattopadhyay(Bengali: কালিদাস চট্টোপাধ্যায়), better known as Kali Mirza (Bengali: কালী মীর্জা), was an 18th-century composer of tappā music in Bengal.	Kali Mirza	composer
occupation	Henry Janeway Hardenbergh (February 6, 1847 - March 13, 1918) was an American architect, best known for his hotels and apartment buildings.	Henry Janeway Hardenbergh	architect
occupation	Michael Donovan ``Spike'' Feresten Jr. is an American television writer, screenwriter, comedian and television personality, who is best known for hosting the late night Talkshow With Spike Feresten from 2006 to 2009 on Fox.	Spike Feresten	screenwriter
occupation	Michel Bourdon (September 19, 1943--November 29, 2004) was a union leader, journalist, and politician in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Michel Bourdon	journalist	politician
occupation	Clyde A. Wheeler (March 12, 1921 - August 26, 2013) was an American congressional relations expert, lobbyist, and member of the White House staff.	Clyde A. Wheeler	lobbyist
occupation	Fabio Luigi Rapi (born 1902), Italian automobile designer.	Luigi Rapi	designer
occupation	Elias Slothower (born October 17, 1815) was an American farmer and politician.	Elias Slothower	politician
occupation	Paul Virant (born February 25, 1970) is the chef and owner of Vie in Western Springs, Illinois and Perennial Virant in Chicago.	Paul Virant	chef
occupation	Fray Pedro de los Ríos (died 1563--1565) was a Domician missionary in Mexico in the mid-16th century.	Pedro de los Ríos	missionary
occupation	Daniel McNicoll is an independent film producer, screenwriter and director most known for his film Reclaiming the Blade.	Daniel McNicoll	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Leonid Pavlovich Sabaneyev (Леонид Павлович Сабанеев; 1844 -- 1898) was a Russian zoologist who made extensive contributions to the study of hunting in Russia.	Leonid Pavlovich Sabaneyev	zoologist
occupation	Andrew Skwish is an American illustrator and photographer.	Andrew Skwish	photographer
occupation	Elke Voelker (born April 3, 1968 in Lampertheim, Hesse) is a German organist, church musician and musicologist.	Elke Voelker	organist
occupation	Riley Griffiths (born May 14, 1997) is an American actor, best known for his role as Charles Kaznyk in the 2011 film, Super 8.	Riley Griffiths	actor
occupation	Klaus Volk (born 1944) is a German jurist, professor at University of Munich and defense lawyer specialized in commercial-law-related criminal cases.	Klaus Volk	jurist
occupation	Hari Dhillon (Punjabi: ਹਰੀ ਢਿੱਲੋਂ (Gurmukhi), ہری ڈھلوں (Shahmukhi), हरी ढिल्लों (Devanagari)), also rendered Hari Dillon or Harry Dillon, is an American television, film and stage actor, best known for playing Michael Spence in British television medical drama series Holby City.	Hari Dhillon	actor
occupation	Bernard McElligott was a Gaelic footballer and hurler from Abbeydorney in North County Kerry, Ireland.	Bernard McElligott	hurler
occupation	Dan Pulcrano is a journalist, publisher, newspaper owner and Web executive in San Jose, California.	Dan Pulcrano	journalist
occupation	Bob Kloppenburg (born July 28, 1927) is an American professional basketball coach, who served as an interim head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers in the early 1980s.	Bob Kloppenburg	basketball coach
occupation	Eric Hutchinson (born September 8, 1980) is an American singer-songwriter who plays soulful pop music.	Eric Hutchinson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Gregory Hanlon (Born 1953), is a Canadian behavioural and military historian of early modern Europe, author of 6 books on various facets of behaviour in France and Italy from the sixteenth to the eighteenth century.	Gregory Hanlon	historian
occupation	Andrzej Kurylewicz (born 24 November 1932 in Lwów, died 12 April 2007 in Konstancin-Jeziorna), was a Polish composer, pianist, trombonist, trumpet player and conductor.	Andrzej Kurylewicz	pianist
occupation	Fershgenet Melaku, better known as LoLa Monroe, is an Ethiopian-American rapper, model and actress.	LoLa Monroe	model
occupation	Frederick Charles Denison CMG, MP (November 22, 1846 -- April 15, 1896) was a Canadian militia officer, lawyer, and politician.	Frederick Charles Denison	politician
occupation	Hui Chiu-yin BBS (Chinese: 許招賢), also known as John Hui, is the director and general manager of New World First Ferry in Hong Kong after his retirement from the post of Chief Superintendent of Marine Regional in Hong Kong Police Force in 1996.	Hui Chiu-yin	general manager
occupation	Chandra Siddhartha (born C. Chandra Sekhar Siddhartha) is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer, known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema.	Chandra Siddhartha	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Jane Sterk (born January 14, 1947) is a Canadian psychologist, businesswoman, academic, and politician.	Jane Sterk	psychologist
occupation	Joy Mathew is an Indian film director, film and theatre actor, playwright, and political activist.	Joy Mathew	film director	actor	playwright
occupation	Arthur Jasmine (April 4, 1899 in St. Paul, Minnesota -- August 19, 1954 in Los Angeles, California) was an American film actor.	Arthur Jasmine	actor
occupation	Dominique Lashawn Clark (born March 15, 1991), better known by her stage name Dominique Young Unique, is an American rapper and model.	Dominique Young Unique	rapper
occupation	Lee Te Maari (born July 28, 1985) is a professional rugby league player who plays for the Parramatta Eels.	Lee Te Maari	rugby league player
occupation	Gustav Wilhelm Ludwig Struve (November 1, 1858 -- November 4, 1920) was a Russian astronomer, part of the famous Baltic German Struve family.	Ludwig Struve	astronomer
occupation	Carl J. Couch (June 9, 1925 - September 15, 1994) a noted American sociologist, was the founder of the New Iowa School of Symbolic Interaction.	Carl J. Couch	sociologist
occupation	Jean Bethke Elshtain (January 6, 1941 -- August 11, 2013) was an American ethicist, political philosopher, and public intellectual.	Jean Bethke Elshtain	philosopher
occupation	Howard Thomas Orville (June 16, 1901 -- May 24, 1960) was an American naval officer and meteorologist.	Howard Thomas Orville	officer	meteorologist
occupation	Paolo Padovani is an Italian astronomer working at the European Southern Observatory, specializing in the study of Active galactic nuclei including the study of quasars and blazars, evolution and multifrequency studies and extragalactic backgrounds.In 2004 he and several other astronomers discovered 30 supermassive blackholes at the European Astrophysical Virtual Observatory using pioneering techniques.	Paolo Padovani	astronomer
occupation	Claudia Alejandra Menkarski (born July 21, 1968), commonly known as Claudia Brant, is an Argentine composer, producer and singer of international acclaim.	Claudia Brant	composer	singer
occupation	Chiu Ping-kun (Chinese: 邱炳坤; pinyin: Qiū Bǐngkūn; born January 2, 1964) is a famous Taiwanese archer.	Chiu Ping-kun	archer
occupation	Johnny Wiggs (July 25, 1899 - October 10, 1977) was a jazz musician and band leader.	Johnny Wiggs	jazz musician
occupation	Saulo do Amaral Freire Oliveira Souza (born March 22, 1989), best known as Saulo Roston, is a Brazilian pop singer and songwriter.	Saulo Roston	singer	songwriter
occupation	Rajko Maksimović (Serbian Cyrillic: Рајкo Максимовић; July 27, 1935, Belgrade) is a composer, writer, and music pedagogue.	Rajko Maksimović	composer
occupation	Claude Pierson (1930--1997) (also known as Caroline Joyce, Carolyne Joyce, Carolyn Joyce, Andrée Marchand, André Marchand and Paul Martin) was a French film director, writer and producer.	Claude Pierson	film director
occupation	Edwin Decena is an American music video and independent film director.	Edwin Decena	film director
occupation	Andreas Schuller (known by his producer name Axident) is a Norwegian songwriter and music producer based in Los Angeles.	Axident	songwriter
occupation	Eddie Shaw (born March 20, 1937 in Stringtown, Mississippi, United States) is an American Chicago blues tenor saxophonist.	Eddie Shaw	saxophonist
occupation	Zoltán Pál Dienes (anglicized as Zoltan Paul Dienes) (June 21, 1916 - January 11, 2014) was a Hungarian mathematician whose ideas on education (especially of small children) have been popular in some countries.	Zoltán Pál Dienes	mathematician
occupation	Gerti Deutsch (also known as Gertrude Helene Deutsch and Gertrude Hopkinson) (1908-1979) was an Austrian-born British photographer.	Gerti Deutsch	photographer
occupation	Thomas Whitehead (December 27, 1825 -- July 1, 1901) was a nineteenth-century politician, lawyer, editor and merchant from Virginia.	Thomas Whitehead	politician	lawyer
occupation	Suma Bhattacharya is an Investment Banker turned model and film actress.	Suma Bhattacharya	model
occupation	Jugge Nohall, born Mark Erik Jörgen Nohall, September 6, 1964 in Stockholm, is a Swedish singer and artist, who has written a song for the Swedish national final of the Eurovision song contest, participated in two reality shows (Club Goa) on Swedish television and worked as a radio talkshow host.	Jugge Nohall	singer
occupation	Ellen Chenoweth is a prominent American casting director.	Ellen Chenoweth	casting director
occupation	Allen Barra is an American journalist and author of a number of sports books.	Allen Barra	journalist
occupation	Karen Burstein (born July 20, 1942) is a politician and former judge from New York.	Karen Burstein	politician
occupation	Peter Salway, FSA (born 1932) is a British historian, who specialises in Roman Britain.	Peter Salway	historian
occupation	Berhanu Dinka (June 4, 1935 -- July 8, 2013) was an Ethiopian diplomat and economist.	Berhanu Dinka	diplomat	economist
occupation	Diego Sanchez (born December 31, 1981) is an American professional mixed martial artist with a background in Wrestling and Gaidojutsu, system of submission wrestling developed by his longtime trainer Greg Jackson.	Diego Sanchez	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jerry Reed Hubbard (March 20, 1937 -- September 1, 2008), known professionally as Jerry Reed, was an American country music singer, guitarist, and songwriter, as well as an actor who appeared in more than a dozen films.	Jerry Reed	singer	actor
occupation	Uriel Miron (Hebrew: אוריאל מירון‎; born 1968) is an Israeli artist and sculptor.	Uriel Miron	artist
occupation	Sam Gross (born August 7, 1933) is an American cartoonist, specializing in single-panel cartoons.	Sam Gross	cartoonist
occupation	Diane di Prima (born August 6, 1934) is an American poet and artist.	Diane di Prima	poet
occupation	Dick Curtis (May 11, 1902 -- January 3, 1952) was an American actor who made over 230 film and television appearances during his career.	Dick Curtis	actor
occupation	Lokesh (Kannada: ಲೋಕೇಶ್; 19 May 1947 -- 14 October 2004) was an Indian stage actor turned film actor, who appeared in Kannada feature films.	Lokesh	actor
occupation	Abdul Mati Klarwein (April 9, 1932 -- March 7, 2002) was a painter best known for his works used on the covers of music albums.	Mati Klarwein	painter
occupation	Alexey Shaydulin or Alexei Shajdulin (b ) is a Bulgarian amateur boxer best known to win a silver medal at the World Championships 2005 and a bronze medal at the European Championships 2006 at featherweight.	Alexey Shaydulin	boxer
occupation	Rashard Bradshaw, better known as Cakes da Killa is an American rapper based in Englewood, New Jersey.	Cakes da Killa	rapper
occupation	John Okehurst (fl. 1397) was an English politician.	John Okehurst	politician
occupation	Louis Delaunay-Belleville (November 20, 1843, Corbeil - February 10, 1912, Cannes) was a French engineer.	Louis Delaunay-Belleville	engineer
occupation	Saul Leiter (December 3, 1923 -- November 26, 2013) was an American photographer and painter whose early work in the 1940s and 1950s was an important contribution to what came to be recognized as the New York School of photography.	Saul Leiter	photographer
occupation	Matan Porat (Hebrew: מתן פורת‎), is an Israeli pianist and composer.	Matan Porat	composer
occupation	Michael T. Ullman (born July 29, 1962, San Francisco, California) is an American neuroscientist whose main field of research is the relationship between language, memory and the brain.	Michael T. Ullman	neuroscientist
occupation	Karenjit Kaur Vohra (born May 13, 1981), better known by her stage name Sunny Leone (pronounced /ˈsəniːliːˈoʊnˈiː/), is an Indo-Canadian Bollywood actress and model, and former porn actress.	Sunny Leone	model
occupation	Damares (IPA: (dɐ̃maɾɨs) born Damares Alvez Bezerra de Oliveira; January 30, 1980, Umuarama) is a Brazilian gospel singer.	Damares	singer
occupation	Massimo Polidoro (born March 10, 1969) is an Italian psychologist, writer, journalist, television personality, co-founder and executive director of the Italian Committee for the Investigation of Claims of the Pseudoscience (CICAP).	Massimo Polidoro	psychologist	writer	journalist
occupation	Nicole Perlman is an American screenwriter, best known for Guardians of the Galaxy.	Nicole Perlman	screenwriter
occupation	Charles Goodan is an American, Los Angeles--based, Grammy Award winning musician, record producer, composer, singer, songwriter, engineer and multi-instrumentalist who has worked with many acclaimed artists such as Beck, The Rolling Stones, David Fincher, Morphine and Linkin Park.	Charles Goodan	composer	singer, songwriter
occupation	Badr bin Saud al Busaidi (Arabic: السيد بدر بن سعود بن حارب‎) is an Omani politician, currently Minister Responsible For Defense.	Badr bin Saud al Busaidi	politician
occupation	William Leon Dawson (1873--1928) was a noted American ornithologist, author and lecturer.	William Leon Dawson	ornithologist
occupation	Alice Shrestha (Nepali: एलिश श्रेष्ठ; born September 4, 1985) is a Nepalese swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.	Alice Shrestha	swimmer
occupation	Thomas Sayers Ellis (born Washington, D.C.) is a poet, photographer, and Assistant Professor of Creative Writing at Sarah Lawrence College in Yonkers, New York, and a core faculty member of the Lesley University Low Residency MFA Program in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Thomas Sayers Ellis	poet
occupation	Jamyang Kyi is a noted Tibetan singer, feminist and writer, journalist, and a prominent television broadcaster.	Jamyang Kyi	singer	journalist
occupation	Jung Sung-il (October 21, 1969) is a South Korean retired competitive figure skater.	Jung Sung-il	figure skater
occupation	Rodney Jerkins (born July 29, 1977), also known by his stage name Darkchild, is an American record producer, songwriter and musician.	Rodney Jerkins	record producer	musician
occupation	Clay Blair, Jr. (May 1, 1925 -- December 16, 1998) was an American historian, best known for his books on military history.	Clay Blair	historian
occupation	Brian Conway is a contemporary Irish fiddler.	Brian Conway	fiddler
occupation	Germano D'Abramo (born May 25, 1973) is an Italian mathematician and physicist.	Germano D'Abramo	physicist
occupation	Paul Cantelon (born December 25, 1959) is an American composer of contemporary classical music, a film score composer and an actor He is also a violinist, pianist, and accordionist, and a founding member of the American alternative band Wild Colonials.	Paul Cantelon	composer	violinist
occupation	Denis Cotter is an Irish celebrity chef, author, television personality and proprietor of the acclaimed vegetarian Café Paradiso restaurant in Cork City.	Denis Cotter	chef
occupation	Philip Grausman (born July 16, 1935) is an American sculptor who continues to push the limits of the time-honored portrait in art. His early work focused on natural forms representing buds and seeds, and this exploration led him to the underlying structure and form of the human head.	Philip Grausman	sculptor
occupation	Dr. James Madison DeWolf (January 14, 1843 -- June 25, 1876) was an acting assistant surgeon in the U.S. 7th Cavalry Regiment who was killed in the Battle of the Little Big Horn.	James Madison DeWolf	surgeon
occupation	Iann Barron is a British computer engineer and entrepreneur, born in June 1936.	Iann Barron	engineer
occupation	Luciano De Ambrosis (born 28 March 1937) is an Italian film actor and voice actor.	Luciano De Ambrosis	actor	voice actor
occupation	Linda Hill-MacDonald (born August 21, 1948) is a women's basketball coach, currently the head coach at Fredonia She was the head coach at the University at Buffalo from 2005-12.	Linda Hill-MacDonald	basketball coach
occupation	While in Bristol, Lolene began singing backing vocals for Martina Topley-Bird (vocalist for Tricky) and also collaborated with local drum and bass pioneer Roni Size.	Lolene	vocalist
occupation	Mark Rashid is an American horse trainer and clinician from Colorado.	Mark Rashid	horse trainer
occupation	Catherine Stephens, Countess of Essex (1794--1882) was an English operatic singer and actress.	Catherine Stephens, Countess of Essex	singer
occupation	Trish Goff (born June 8, 1976) is an American former model, actress, and real estate broker.	Trish Goff	model
occupation	Tony Vitale (born Anthony Neal Vitale; May 24, 1964) is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer.	Tony Vitale	film director	screenwriter
occupation	William Henry Battle (23 February 1855 -- 1936) was an English surgeon and teacher.	William Henry Battle	surgeon
occupation	Damion Dietz is a writer and film director known for his award-winning underground/indie films.	Damion Dietz	film director
occupation	Willis Barnstone (born November 13, 1927) is an American poet, memoirist, translator, Hispanist, and comparatist.	Willis Barnstone	poet	translator
occupation	William Beau Mirchoff (/ˈboʊ ˈmɜːrtʃɒf/; born January 13, 1989) is an American-Canadian actor best known for his role in the MTV series Awkward.	Beau Mirchoff	actor
occupation	Luis G. Abbadie (born August 13, 1968) is a Mexican writer specializing in horror, paganism, pseudobibliographies and paramythologies, including horror and fantasy short stories.	Luis G. Abbadie	writer
occupation	Brad Daymond (born Bradley Daymond Ralph) is a Canadian musician, songwriter, producer and remixer also known as ``Riprock''.	Brad Daymond	musician	songwriter
occupation	Abdelfattah Mourou (Arabic: عبد الفتاح مورو) is a Tunisian lawyer and politician and a co-founder of Ennahdha Party and is currently its Vice-President.	Abdelfattah Mourou	politician
occupation	Salo Wittmayer Baron (May 26, 1895 -- November 25, 1989) was an American historian, described as ``the greatest Jewish historian of the 20th century''.	Salo Wittmayer Baron	historian
occupation	Øjvind Winge (1886-1964) was a Danish biologist and a pioneer in yeast genetics.	Øjvind Winge	biologist
occupation	Robert R. Neall (born June 26, 1948) is an American politician and Democrat who served as state senator, state delegate and county executive of Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	Robert R. Neall	politician
occupation	Commander Grant Edwards is a high-ranking Australian law enforcement officer and former elite athlete and strongman competitor and entrant to the World's Strongest Man competition.	Grant Edwards	law enforcement officer
occupation	Noh Hee-kyung (born March 21, 1966) is a South Korean television screenwriter and essayist.	Noh Hee-kyung	screenwriter
occupation	Noah Lyon (born September 11, 1979) is a multidisciplinary artist based in New York City.	Noah Lyon	artist
occupation	Zdravko Zupan (Serbian Cyrillic: Здравко Зупан, February 7, 1950 -- October 9, 2015) was a Yugoslav comic book creator and historian.	Zdravko Zupan	historian
occupation	James E. Tolman (November 8, 1867-February 21, 1956) was an American lawyer, and politician who served as the mayor of Gloucester, Massachusetts and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.	James E. Tolman	lawyer	politician
occupation	Kharaj Mukherjee or Kharaj Mukhopadhyay is Bengali actor, songwriter, composer and singer.	Kharaj Mukherjee	actor
occupation	John Edward Szeles (born September 9, 1958), better known by the stage name The Amazing Johnathan, is an American stand-up comedian/magician.	The Amazing Johnathan	magician
occupation	Méav Ní Mhaolchatha (/ˈmeɪv niː ˈweɪlxɑːhɑː/ MAYV nee WAYL-khah-hah), mononymously known as Méav, is an Irish singer, songwriter and recording artist specialising in the traditional music of her homeland.	Méav Ní Mhaolchatha	singer
occupation	Theresa Harris (December 31, 1906 -- October 8, 1985) was an American television and film actress, singer and dancer.	Theresa Harris	dancer
occupation	Kelly Starling Lyons, born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a writer and children's book author.	Kelly Starling Lyons	writer
occupation	Alberto Castagna (December 23, 1945 -- March 1, 2005) was an Italian television host and journalist.	Alberto Castagna	journalist
occupation	Rich Zvosec (born March 13, 1961) is a television broadcaster for ESPN and Fox Sports, motivational speaker and a Telly Award winning actor, a former American college basketball coach and college administrator.	Rich Zvosec	basketball coach
occupation	Heidi Collins (born Heidi Elmquist; June 1, 1967) was an American correspondent and anchor for KMSP-TV Fox 9 News in Minneapolis --	Heidi Collins	correspondent
occupation	Herschel Daugherty (October 27, 1910 -- March 5, 1993) was an American television and film director and occasional actor.	Herschel Daugherty	film director	actor
occupation	Kurt Andersen (born August 22, 1954) is an American novelist who is also host of the Peabody-winning public radio program Studio 360, a co-production between Public Radio International and WNYC.	Kurt Andersen	novelist
occupation	Paul N. Luvera (born 1935) is an American trial lawyer based in Seattle.	Paul N. Luvera	lawyer
occupation	Thriller Manju (born Manjunatha Kumar) is an Indian film actor,martial artist, director, screenwriter, stunt coordinator, choreographer known for his works predominantly in Kannada cinema, few Telugu and Tamil films.	Thriller Manju	actor	choreographer
occupation	Amsale Aberra (born 1954) is an Ethiopian-born American fashion designer and entrepreneur.	Amsale Aberra	fashion designer
occupation	Branko Tomović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранко Томовић; born June 17, 1980) is a German-Serbian actor.	Branko Tomović	actor
occupation	Justin Summerton is a surrealist painter who depicts a dreamlike world in his work, often presenting New Zealand as a primeval landscape.	Justin Summerton	painter
occupation	Joseph Wilson Morris (born April 28, 1922) is an American attorney, arbitrator and former United States federal judge.	Joseph Wilson Morris	judge
occupation	James Aubrey Simmons (July 8, 1897 -- November 30, 1979) was a Canadian politician, notary and magistrate.	James Aubrey Simmons	politician
occupation	Anne Hills is an American folk singer-songwriter.	Anne Hills	singer
occupation	Frederick William Savidge (1862 -- 1935) was a pioneer English Christian missionary in northeast India.	Frederick William Savidge	missionary
occupation	David P. Hurford is a psychologist and researcher who specializes in dyslexia/reading difficulties and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).	David P. Hurford	psychologist
occupation	William Otis (1813--1839) was an American inventor of the steam shovel.	William Otis	inventor
occupation	Alan Fairbairn was an English cricketer active from 1947 to 1951 who played for Middlesex in 21 matches as a lefthanded batsman.	Alan Fairbairn	cricketer
occupation	Uladislao Augier (July 4, 1826 -- January 5, 1908) was an Argentine politician and the first National Deputy for the province of Catamarca.	Uladislao Augier	politician
occupation	Mortezâ Varzi (December 30, 1922 -- January 3, 2004) was an Iranian musician and kamancheh player.	Mortezâ Varzi	musician
occupation	T. F. Gilroy Daly (February 25, 1931 - July 11, 1996) was a lawyer and United States District Judge in Connecticut who, as a trial lawyer, was noted for winning the freedom of a man wrongly convicted of murder in 1976.	T. F. Gilroy Daly	lawyer
occupation	Barclay Tagg (born December 30, 1937 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania) is an American thoroughbred horse trainer.	Barclay Tagg	horse trainer
occupation	Leonard Hokanson (August 13, 1931 -- March 21, 2003) was an American pianist who achieved prominence in Europe as a soloist and chamber musician.	Leonard Hokanson	pianist
occupation	Israel Nash (born 1981) is the recording and performing stage name moniker of American singer, songwriter, and guitarist Israel Nash Gripka.	Israel Nash	singer, songwriter
occupation	Heather Rae is an American film producer, director, and actress.	Heather Rae	film producer
occupation	Jean Henrion is a former French figure skater.	Jean Henrion	figure skater
occupation	Randy Goldberg (born June 28, 1960) is an American astrologer based in Washington D.C., who has appeared on CNN, The Washington Post and ((National Public Radio)).	Randy Goldberg	astrologer
occupation	George Chuvalo, CM (born September 12, 1937) is a retired Canadian professional boxer who was a five-time Canadian heavyweight champion, and two-time world heavyweight title challenger.	George Chuvalo	boxer
occupation	Jaswant Rai was an Indian field hockey player, who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 1952 Olympic Games.	Jaswant Rai	field hockey player
occupation	John Martin O'Keefe (born 1946) is a United States diplomat and a career foreign service officer.	John Martin O'Keefe	diplomat
occupation	Gavin Allen is an Australian former rugby league player of the 1980s and 90s.	Gavin Allen	rugby league player
occupation	Hans Eppinger Jr. (January 5, 1879--September 25, 1946) was an Austrian physician who performed experiments upon concentration camp prisoners.	Hans Eppinger	physician
occupation	Elizabeth Elmore (born April 30, 1976) is an American singer/songwriter, recently with the rock bands The Reputation and Sarge.	Elizabeth Elmore	singer
occupation	Mark Klempner is a folklorist, oral historian and social commentator.	Mark Klempner	historian
occupation	Jerzy Treder (April 14, 1942 -- April 2, 2015) was a Polish philologist and linguist, focusing on Kashubian studies, among other interests.	Jerzy Treder	linguist
occupation	Damian Hess (born December 3, 1973), better known by his stage name MC Frontalot, is a Brooklyn-based hip hop musician and self-proclaimed ``world's 579th greatest rapper''.	MC Frontalot	rapper
occupation	Christine Sutton is a particle physicist who has edited the CERN Courier since 2003.	Christine Sutton	physicist
occupation	Wael Koubrousli / Kobrosly is a Lebanese swimmer who has competed in the 2008 Olympic Games and the 2012 Olympic Games.	Wael Koubrousli	swimmer
occupation	Gail Kim-Irvine (née Kim; born February 20, 1977) is a Canadian professional wrestler, professional wrestling valet, model and actress of Korean descent currently working for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), where she is the current TNA Knockouts Champion in her fifth reign.	Gail Kim	professional wrestler
occupation	Haaz Sleiman (in Arabic هاز سليمان) is a Lebanese-American television and film actor.	Haaz Sleiman	actor
occupation	Huang Yaojiang (simplified Chinese: 黄耀江; traditional Chinese: 黃耀江; pinyin: Huáng Yàojiāng; Jyutping: Wong4 Yiu6 Gong1; born March 21, 1982 in Guangdong) is a Chinese Sabre fencer.	Huang Yaojiang	fencer
occupation	Brent Michael Davids (born June 4, 1959 in Madison, Wisconsin, United States) is an American composer and flautist.	Brent Michael Davids	composer
occupation	Alfonso López III (born May 16, 1982, in Corpus Christi, Texas), is a Mexican American boxer in the Super Middleweight division and is the current WBC Continental Americas Super Middleweight Champion.	Alfonso López III	boxer
occupation	Maurice Martenot (French: (maʁtəno); October 14, 1898 -- October 8, 1980) was a French cellist, a radio telegrapher during the first World War, and an inventor.	Maurice Martenot	inventor
occupation	Moira Lambert is a British singer and recording artist.	Moira Lambert	singer
occupation	John Patterson MacLean (March 12, 1848 -- August 12, 1939) was an American Universalist minister and archaeologist and historian.	John Patterson MacLean	historian
occupation	Dariusz Ratajczak (November 28, 1962 -- 2010) was a Polish historian (formerly of the University of Opole), publicist and right-wing activist.	Dariusz Ratajczak	historian
occupation	Annika Small is a social entrepreneur who explores how digital technologies can be used to address big social challenges.	Annika Small	entrepreneur
occupation	Gary Hooser has lived through two hurricanes, survived the challenges of running a small business, and has been an active politician in the state of Hawaiʻi.	Gary Hooser	politician
occupation	Donald L. Coles, also known as Don Coles, is a Canadian poet and a novelist.	Don Coles	novelist
occupation	Marco Aurelio Martínez Tijerina (1964/65 -- July 11, 2010) was a Mexican journalist, who was abducted and murdered in the northern city of Montemorelos.	Marco Aurelio Martínez Tijerina	journalist
occupation	Martín de Aguilar (fl. 1603) was a Spanish explorer whose log contains one of the first written descriptions of the coast of the U.S. state of Oregon.	Martín de Aguilar	explorer
occupation	Elisebeht Markström, (born December 14, 1955) is a Swedish social democratic politician who has been a member of the Riksdag since 1995.	Elisebeht Markström	politician
occupation	David G. Deininger (born July 9, 1947) is a retired Republican politician and jurist from Wisconsin.	David G. Deininger	politician
occupation	Samuela Matakibau is a former Fijian police officer, who held the position of Assistant Police Commissioner Operations.	Samuela Matakibau	police officer
occupation	Howell Binkley is a professional lighting designer in New York City.	Howell Binkley	designer
occupation	Geefwee Boedoe is an animator and illustrator.	Geefwee Boedoe	animator
occupation	Ian Wolfe (November 4, 1896 -- January 23, 1992) was an American actor with about 400 film and television roles.	Ian Wolfe	actor
occupation	Oh Kwang-rok (born August 28, 1962) is a South Korean actor.	Oh Kwang-rok	actor
occupation	Perry Redd (born Perry Dawhayne McCreary, August 25, 1964) is an American social change activist and organizer, and songwriter.	Perry Redd	songwriter
occupation	In 1947, Julius Shulman asked architect Raphael Soriano to build a mid-century steel home and studio in the Hollywood Hills.	Julius Shulman	architect
occupation	Kevon Edmonds (born 1958) is an American singer and actor and is an older brother of famous producer/songwriter/singer Kenneth ``Babyface'' Edmonds.	Kevon Edmonds	singer	actor
occupation	Rajat Bedi is an Indian film actor who acts in Bollywood films.	Rajat Bedi	actor
occupation	Fredrik Erixon is a Swedish economist, writer, and director of ECIPE.	Fredrik Erixon	economist
occupation	Jay Oliva is a Filipino-American storyboard artist, a film producer and animated film director working for Warner Brothers Animation.	Jay Oliva	film director
occupation	Shin Ji (born Lee Jee-Seon on November 18, 1981) is a South Korean singer and lyricist.	Shin Ji	singer
occupation	Ali Hamroyev (sometimes spelled Ali Khamrayev in English) (Uzbek: Ali Hamroyev, Али Ҳамроев; Russian: Али Хамраев) (born May 19, 1937) is an Uzbek actor, film director, screenwriter, and film producer.	Ali Hamroyev	film director	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Mohammad Akbar Lone is an Indian politician in the state of Jammu and Kashmir and belongs to National Conference political party.	Mohammad Akbar Lone	politician
occupation	Renee Torres married film actor Edward Ashley in 1943 in Acapulco, Mexico.	Renee Torres	actor
occupation	Rev. Ivan Stang, born Douglass St. Clair Smith (August 21, 1953) is an American writer, filmmaker and broadcaster, best known as the author and publisher of the first screed of the Church of the SubGenius.	Ivan Stang	writer
occupation	Mahmud Tukur is a Nigerian politician and former minister for Commerce and Industry during the administration of General Buhari.	Mahmud Tukur	politician
occupation	William E. Sheridan (June 1, 1839 -- May 18, 1887), was an American stage actor and Civil War veteran, active on stage from 1858 until his death in 1887.	William E. Sheridan	actor
occupation	Bambi Monroe Smith (born Taylor Ashley Horn on October 12, 1992 in Redlands, California) is an American singer-songwriter, actress and vlogger/blogger.	Bambi Monroe	singer-songwriter	blogger
occupation	Michael Barnathan is a film producer who has produced and executive-produced films such as The Help, Used People, the first three Harry Potter films, Rent, Cheaper by the Dozen and Night at the Museum.	Michael Barnathan	film producer
occupation	Rudolph Frank Moore (March 17, 1927 -- October 19, 2008), known as Rudy Ray Moore, was an American comedian, musician, singer, film actor, and film producer.	Rudy Ray Moore	actor	film producer
occupation	Joseph C. Boteler III (born June 30, 1949) is an American politician who was elected in 2002 to represent District 8 of the Maryland House of Delegates in Baltimore County along with Alfred W. Redmer, Jr..	Joseph C. Boteler III	politician
occupation	Giacomo Argente was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, specializing in portrait miniature.	Giacomo Argente	painter
occupation	Suzannah Lipscomb (born 1978) is a British historian and television presenter who has written and appeared in a number of television series about British history.	Suzannah Lipscomb	historian
occupation	Moses Tunda Tatamy (c1690-1760) or Tashawaylennahan was a Lenape translator and guide.	Moses Tunda Tatamy	translator
occupation	Gene Healy is an American political pundit, journalist and editor.	Gene Healy	journalist
occupation	John Benitez (born November 7, 1957), also known as Jellybean, is an American drummer, guitarist, songwriter, DJ, remixer and music producer of Puerto Rican descent.	John Benitez	songwriter
occupation	Dezider Hoffmann (most often credited as Dezo Hoffmann or Dežo Hoffmann, 1918 - 1986) was a Slovak photographer, photojournalist and cameraman from Czechoslovakia.	Dezo Hoffmann	photographer
occupation	Stephen Hilton is a composer, record producer, musician and programmer.	Stephen Hilton	composer	record producer	musician
occupation	Claudio Arrau León (February 6, 1903 -- June 9, 1991) was a Chilean pianist known for his interpretations of a vast repertoire spanning the baroque to 20th-century composers, especially Beethoven, Schubert, Chopin, Schumann, Liszt and Brahms.	Claudio Arrau	pianist
occupation	Jayne Modean (born October 15, 1957, in Hartford, Connecticut) is an American model and actress who got her break as a fashion model in the late 1970s, appearing on four Seventeen covers in 1977.	Jayne Modean	model
occupation	Arthur Kingsley Porter (1883 -- 1933) was an American art historian and medievalist.	Arthur Kingsley Porter	art historian
occupation	Joel Kroeker is a Canadian singer/songwriter.	Joel Kroeker	singer
occupation	DeAngelo Samuel, (born January 4, 1988) better known by his stage name Nyzzy Nyce (aka Nyzzy), is an American rapper from Fort Wayne, Indiana.	Nyzzy Nyce	rapper
occupation	Agustin Gasull was a historical painter of Valencia.	Agustin Gasull	painter
occupation	Alan Fudge (February 27, 1944 -- October 10, 2011) was an American actor known for being part of the cast of four television programs:	Alan Fudge	actor
occupation	Jaffar Suleiman (born in Poona) was an Indian cricketer.	Jaffar Suleiman	cricketer
occupation	Jeffrey Reiner is an American film director, editor, screenwriter, television director and producer.	Jeffrey Reiner	film director	screenwriter	television director
occupation	Alvin Brooks (born August 6, 1959) is a basketball coach and former head coach of the University of Houston's men's team.	Alvin Brooks	basketball coach
occupation	Edith Oß (1914--2012) was a German dancer and film actress.	Edith Oß	dancer
occupation	Heather Hart is a visual artist who works in a variety of media including interactive and participatory installation, drawing, collage, and painting.	Heather Hart	artist
occupation	Michael Corris is an artist, art historian and writer on art. He is Professor and Chair of the Division of Art, Meadows School of the Arts, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas, United States.	Michael Corris	art historian
occupation	Mark Brisbourne is an English horse trainer and former jockey who is based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England.	Mark Brisbourne	horse trainer
occupation	Eduardo Georgetti (October 11, 1866 -- 1937), was an agriculturist, businessman, philanthropist, and politician.	Eduardo Georgetti	politician
occupation	Elliot G. Jaspin (born May 27, 1946) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist.	Elliot G. Jaspin	journalist
occupation	Harry Oliver (April 4, 1888 -- July 4, 1973) was an American humorist, artist, and Academy Award nominated art director of films from the 1920s and 1930s.	Harry Oliver	artist	art director
occupation	Dr Gary Lambert is a rugby footballer, poker player and chiropractor who represented the United States in the 1987 Rugby World Cup.	Gary Lambert	poker player
occupation	Rick Wohlhuter (born December 23, 1948) is a retired American middle-distance runner who competed mainly in the 800 meters.	Rick Wohlhuter	middle-distance runner
occupation	Donatus Buongiorno (born Donato Buongiorno, November 11, 1865) was an Italian-born American painter of the late 19th and early 20th centuries who divided his time between Naples and New York.	Donatus Buongiorno	painter
occupation	William Bradford Reed (June 30, 1806 -- February 18, 1876) was an American attorney, diplomat, academic and journalist.	William Bradford Reed	diplomat	journalist
occupation	Sudhir Mishra is an Indian film director and screenwriter known for directing critically acclaimed films like Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi, Dharavi and Chameli.	Sudhir Mishra	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Daggubati Venkatesh is an Indian film actor known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema.	Daggubati Venkatesh	actor
occupation	Siegfried Trebitsch (1868--1956) was an Austrian playwright, translator, novelist and poet.	Siegfried Trebitsch	translator
occupation	Hank Mills (April 9, 1936 -- November 11, 2005) was the pen name taken by country songwriter Samuel Garrett.	Hank Mills	songwriter
occupation	Sertan Baykara (born 1980 in West Germany) is a broadcast journalist and presenter based in London, UK.	Sertan Baykara	journalist
occupation	Oscar Spirescu (1874 - September 7, 1918) was a Romanian conductor and composer who took his own life in 1918.	Oscar Spirescu	conductor	composer
occupation	Carlo Aquino (born Carlo José López Aquino, 3 September 1985) is a Filipino actor and musician known for being the lead singer of the band Kollide and formerly on JCS with John Prats and Stefano Mori.	Carlo Aquino	actor
occupation	Cyrus Griffin (July 16, 1749 -- December 14, 1810) was a lawyer and judge who served as the last President of the Continental Congress, holding office from January 22, 1788, to November 2, 1788.	Cyrus Griffin	lawyer	judge
occupation	Béla Pásztor (born February 27, 1938) is a Hungarian politician, who currently serves as Chairman of the Council then Mayor of Veresegyház since September 1, 1965.	Béla Pásztor	politician
occupation	Flávio Chamis is a Brazilian composer and conductor.	Flávio Chamis	composer	conductor
occupation	Patrick Adiarte (born August 2, 1943) is an American theater, film and television actor and dancer, known for his portrayal of foreign or Asian characters in various roles in film and television.	Patrick Adiarte	actor
occupation	Dihan Avishka Gunawardene (born May 26, 1977 in Colombo) is a former professional Sri Lankan cricketer.	Avishka Gunawardene	cricketer
occupation	Patthe Bapurao (November 11, 1868--December 22, 1941) was a Marathi singer-poet in the Tamasha musical theatre genre.	Patthe Bapurao	singer
occupation	Mel Byars (born in Columbia, South Carolina), American design historian Byars studied journalism in the 1950s at the University of South Carolina.	Mel Byars	historian
occupation	Rohitash Gaud, also sometimes credited as Rohitashv Gaur or Rohitashv Gour, is an Indian television and film actor, best known for portraying the role of Mukundilal Gupta, in the SAB TV sitcom Lapataganj --	Rohitash Gaud	actor
occupation	Derek Buckner is an American realist painter in New York City.	Derek Buckner	painter
occupation	Jason Scott Lee (Chinese: 李截; pinyin: Lǐ Jié, born November 19, 1966) is an American actor and martial artist.	Jason Scott Lee	actor
occupation	Harry Standjofski (born May 22, 1959) is a Canadian-born actor and voice actor as well as a theater director and playwright.	Harry Standjofski	actor	playwright
occupation	John Geometres or Kyriotes (Greek: Ιωάννης Γεωμέτρης/Κυριώτης, fl. 2nd half of 10th century), was a Byzantine poet, soldier, and monk.	John Geometres	poet	monk
occupation	Miguel Frasconi (born May 29, 1956 in New York City) is an American composer who often uses improvisation, electronics, and experimental musical instruments.	Miguel Frasconi	composer
occupation	Nils Fredrik Aurelius (born 1946) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag in 1991, and then again 1994--2006.	Nils Fredrik Aurelius	politician
occupation	Dindo Yogo ,with his real name Théodore Dindo Mabeli, (December 30, 1955 in Lokutu -- August 23, 2000) was a Congolese singer and musician.	Dindo Yogo	singer
occupation	Denise McCluggage (January 20, 1927 -- May 6, 2015) was an American auto racing driver, journalist, author and photographer.	Denise McCluggage	racing driver	journalist
occupation	Elena Surgutskaya is a Russian dancer and choreographer.	Elena Surgutskaya	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Eugen Klagemann (1902--1980) was a German cinematographer and still photographer.	Eugen Klagemann	cinematographer
occupation	Omar Sangare is a Polish actor and director, who graduated from The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw, where he studied with the Oscar winning director, Andrzej Wajda.	Omar Sangare	actor
occupation	Joe Winter is a British educationist and poet who has translated poets Rabindranath Tagore and Jibanananda Das.	Joe Winter	poet
occupation	Ayisha Osori is a Nigerian lawyer and journalist.	Ayisha Osori	lawyer	journalist
occupation	His new band, The Scam, formed with Erna on vocals, Robbie Merrill on bass, local guitarist and friend Lee Richards on guitar, and Tommy Stewart on drums quickly changed its name to Godsmack, after recording one demo.	Robbie Merrill	guitarist
occupation	Rhys Carpenter (August 5, 1889 -- January 2, 1980) was an American classical art historian and professor at Bryn Mawr College.	Rhys Carpenter	art historian
occupation	Shyamal Mondal is an Indian politician and was Minister of State for Sunderban Affairs (Independent Charge) and the Minister of State for Irrigation and Waterways in the Government of West Bengal.	Shyamal Mondal	politician
occupation	Martin Schadt (born 1938) is a Swiss physicist and inventor.	Martin Schadt	physicist
occupation	Alfred Henschke (November 4, 1890 -- August 14, 1928), better known by his pseudonym Klabund, was a German writer.	Klabund	writer
occupation	Ernest Adolphus Sturge, M.D., Ph.D. (April 29, 1856 - October 11, 1934) was a physician and Presbyterian missionary who built hospitals in Asia.	Ernest Adolphus Sturge	physician	missionary
occupation	They had a son, Collins Denny, Jr., who became a pro-segregationist lawyer in Virginia.	Collins Denny	lawyer
occupation	Paul K. Wright is a mechanical engineer best known for work on the UC Berkeley-based CyberCut/CyberBuild project, which established a set of standards that streamlined the conversion of creative manufacturing designs into rapid prototyping.	Paul K. Wright	engineer
occupation	Ralph Stover (January 10, 1760 -- November 7, 1811) was an American Justice of the Peace and politician in Pennsylvania.	Ralph Stover	politician
occupation	Kay McMahon (born October 27, 1948) is an American professional golfer and Director of Instruction at eduKaytion Golf at the Cranwell Resort and Golf Club in Lenox, Massachusetts.	Kay McMahon	golfer
occupation	Liam Dowling (born 25 January 1931) is an Irish former hurler who played as a full-forward for the Cork senior team.	Liam Dowling	hurler
occupation	Ronald L. Cohen is a social psychologist whose research is focused on justice.	Ronald L. Cohen	psychologist
occupation	Emily Bear (born August 30, 2001) is an American composer and pianist, who has achieved wide notice at an early age.	Emily Bear	composer	pianist
occupation	Delwar Jahid (Bengali: দেলোয়ার জাহিদ, born February 6, 1957 in Norshingdi, Bangladesh) is a Bangladeshi-born Canadian journalist and author known for his research and publications on human rights, contemporary world politics, press freedom and conflict resolution.	Delwar Jahid	journalist
occupation	Udi Davidi (Hebrew: אודי דוידי‎) is an Israeli singer, musician, lyricist and composer.	Udi Davidi	singer
occupation	Isaiah Israel Broussard (born August 22, 1994), known professionally as Israel Broussard, is an American actor, best known for portraying one of the lead roles in Sofia Coppola's crime film The Bling Ring (2013), inspired by the real robberies of Hollywood celebrities by a group of California teenagers.	Israel Broussard	actor
occupation	Giulio Fiesco (possibly born ?1519, fl. 1550--1570) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance, active in Ferrara, known for his madrigals.	Giulio Fiesco	composer
occupation	Thomas Coffin Amory (October 6, 1812 -- August 20, 1889) was an American lawyer, politician, biographer, and poet born in Boston, Massachusetts to Jonathan Amory and Mehitable (Sullivan) Cutler.	Thomas Coffin Amory	politician
occupation	Richard Abruzzo (May 19, 1963--2010) was an American balloonist.	Richard Abruzzo	balloonist
occupation	Bill Dooks (born January 24, 1956 in Musquodoboit Harbour, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian politician, who served as the Progressive Conservative member for Eastern Shore in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1999 to 2009.	Bill Dooks	politician
occupation	Étienne Martin (1913--1995) was a French non-figurative sculptor.	Étienne Martin	sculptor
occupation	Tiglath-Pileser I (/ˈtɪɡləθ paɪˈliːzər/; from the Hebraic form of Akkadian: Tukultī-apil-Ešarra, ``my trust is in the son of Esharra'') was a king of Assyria during the Middle Assyrian period (1114--1076 BC).	Tiglath-Pileser I	king
occupation	Antony Gordon Hawksworth, better known as Tony Hawks, (born 1960) is a British comedian and author.	Tony Hawks	author
occupation	Burt Ovrut is an American theoretical physicist most famous for his work on heterotic string theory.	Burt Ovrut	physicist
occupation	Barbara Johnson (October 4, 1947 -- August 27, 2009) was an American literary critic and translator, born in Boston.	Barbara Johnson	translator
occupation	Sara Beck, better known by her stage name, Pink Nasty is an American singer-songwriter.	Pink Nasty	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lord Nicholas Wayman-Harris is a British film editor based in Santa Monica, California.	Nicholas Wayman-Harris	film editor
occupation	Maria Angelina Soares (ca. 1910 - 1985) was a Brazillian feminist, anarchist, and writer.	Angelina Soares	writer
occupation	Arthur Stanley Riggs (1879 -- November 8, 1952) was an American writer, editor and historian, noted for his biographies of Titian and Velázquez.	Arthur Stanley Riggs	historian
occupation	Kim Warp is an American cartoonist whose work has appeared in Barron's Magazine, Harvard Business Review, The New Yorker, Reader's Digest, and elsewhere.	Kim Warp	cartoonist
occupation	Sam Cardon is a composer whose credits include 15 large-format films:	Sam Cardon	composer
occupation	Franklin Jacobs (born December 31, 1957 ) is a former high jumper from the United States.	Franklin Jacobs	high jumper
occupation	Jules Asner (born February 14, 1968) is an American television personality, writer, and former fashion model.	Jules Asner	model
occupation	William Abner Eddy (January 28, 1850 -- December 26, 1909) was an American accountant and journalist famous for his photographic and meteorological experiments with kites.	William Abner Eddy	journalist
occupation	Perri Pierre, born on December 28, 1988, in Brooklyn, NY, Perri Pierre is an award-winning filmmaker and actor.	Perri Pierre	actor
occupation	Eugene Gordon Lee (October 25, 1933 -- October 16, 2005) was an American child actor, most notable for appearing in the Our Gang (Little Rascals) comedies as Porky from 1935 to 1939.	Eugene Gordon Lee	actor
occupation	Gordon Gair Sr. (August 17, 1916 -- April 23, 2009) was a Canadian lacrosse player and who has been inducted in the Canadian Lacrosse Hall of Fame.	Gordon Gair	lacrosse player
occupation	Leith Mullings is an author, anthropologist and professor.	Leith Mullings	anthropologist
occupation	Edgar Prestage (1869--1951) was a British historian and Portuguese scholar.	Edgar Prestage	historian
occupation	Vicumpriya Perera (Sinhala:විකුම්ප්‍රිය පෙරේරා) (19 February) is a Sri Lankan born mathematician, lyricist, music producer and a poet.	Vicumpriya Perera	mathematician
occupation	José Ignacio Zenteno del Pozo y Silva (July 28, 1786 -- July 16, 1847), was a Chilean soldier, politician and hero of the Chilean War of Independence.	José Ignacio Zenteno	politician
occupation	Breehn Burns is an American screenwriter, director, voice artist, producer and illustrator.	Breehn Burns	screenwriter
occupation	C. V. Vishveshwara is an Indian scientist and black hole physicist.	C. V. Vishveshwara	physicist
occupation	Michael Woolson began his career as an acting coach teaching at the Larry Moss Studio in 1998 after spending 10 years as a working actor.	Michael Woolson	actor
occupation	Herbert P. Wasgatt (August 26, 1865 -- December 21, 1934) was an American shoe manufacturer and politician who served as the eleventh Mayor of Everett, Massachusetts and was a member of the Massachusetts Governor's Council.	Herbert P. Wasgatt	politician
occupation	Albert Maltz (October 28, 1908 -- April 26, 1985) was an American playwright, fiction writer and screenwriter.	Albert Maltz	writer	screenwriter
occupation	Walter Harper (1893 -- October 25, 1918) (Koyukon) was an Alaska Native mountain climber and guide.	Walter Harper	guide
occupation	Anthony Stephens (born 9 July 1986) is a British swimmer who has participated in three Paralympic Games, winning five medals.	Anthony Stephens	swimmer
occupation	Venitia Govender is a South African social justice and human rights activist.	Venitia Govender	human rights activist
occupation	Jože Koprivnikar (born in Šmartno, Slovenia, on Saturday, February 3, 1945) is a Slovenian economist.	Jože Koprivnikar	economist
occupation	Charles David Keeling (April 20, 1928 -- June 20, 2005) was an American scientist whose recording of carbon dioxide at the Mauna Loa Observatory first alerted the world to the possibility of anthropogenic contribution to the ``greenhouse effect'' and global warming.	Charles David Keeling	scientist
occupation	Harvey Weinstein, CBE (born March 19, 1952) is an American film producer and film studio executive.	Harvey Weinstein	film producer
occupation	Zlatko Sirotić (February 19, 1945) is a Croatian painter and illustrator.	Zlatko Sirotić	painter
occupation	William R. Forstchen (born October 11, 1950 in Millburn, New Jersey) is an American historian and author who began publishing in 1978 as a contributor to Boys' Life.	William R. Forstchen	historian
occupation	The Master of Schloss Lichtenstein (fl. c. 1430 -- 1450) was an Austrian late Gothic painter.	Master of Schloss Lichtenstein	painter
occupation	Lawrence Whistler (born December 5, 1951), better known by the ring name Larry Zbyszko, is an American professional wrestler and author perhaps best known for his feud with his mentor, wrestling legend Bruno Sammartino during the early 1980s.	Larry Zbyszko	professional wrestler
occupation	Ida Nilsen is a Canadian indie pop singer-songwriter and musician.	Ida Nilsen	singer
occupation	Roshan Seth is an Indian-born British actor, who appears mainly in British and American films.	Roshan Seth	actor
occupation	Herbert Huber (December 4, 1944 -- July 15, 1970) was an Austrian former alpine skier and Olympic medalist.	Herbert Huber	alpine skier
occupation	Josiah Gilbert Holland (July 24, 1819 -- October 12, 1881) was an American novelist and poet who also wrote under the pseudonym Timothy Titcomb.	Josiah Gilbert Holland	novelist	poet
occupation	James Bradley Orman (November 4, 1849 -- July 21, 1919) was an American politician and railroad builder.	James Bradley Orman	politician
occupation	Karl Baur (November 13, 1911 -- October 12, 1963) was a German Test Pilot, flight instructor and engineer.	Karl Baur	engineer
occupation	Ashot Avagyan (Armenian: Աշոտ Ավագյան; born May 20, 1958) is an Armenian painter.	Ashot Avagyan	painter
occupation	Tom Gross is a British-born journalist, international affairs commentator, and human rights campaigner specializing in the Middle East.	Tom Gross	journalist	international affairs commentator
occupation	Marcello Couto Antony de Farias better known as Marcello Antony (born 28 January 1965) is a Brazilian actor.	Marcello Antony	actor
occupation	Bodil Ipsen (1889--1964) was a Danish actress and film director, and is considered one of the great stars of Danish cinematic history.	Bodil Ipsen	film director
occupation	Patricia Collinge (September 20, 1892 -- April 10, 1974) was an Irish-American actress and writer, best known for her role as the tragic alcoholic ``Birdie Hubbard'' in The Little Foxes.	Patricia Collinge	writer
occupation	Hugh Brody is a British anthropologist, writer, director and lecturer.	Hugh Brody	anthropologist
occupation	Héctor García García (born 3 May 1963 in Guadalupe, Nuevo León) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PRI.	Héctor García García	politician
occupation	Woodrow Wilson Rawls, (September 24, 1913 -- December 16, 1984) was an American writer best known for his books Where the Red Fern Grows and Summer of the Monkeys.	Wilson Rawls	writer
occupation	Makase Nyaphisi was a Basotho diplomat and until 2012 the ambassador of Lesotho to Germany, Austria, France, Poland, Monaco, the Holy See, and Russian Federation, presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 5 February 2010.	Makase Nyaphisi	diplomat
occupation	Jean Barman is a historian of British Columbia.	Jean Barman	historian
occupation	He is shown to be Silvermane's henchman and was with him when Spider-Man stopped Silvermane's limo resulting in a brief fight between Spider-Man and Man Mountain Marko.	Man Mountain Marko	henchman
occupation	Judith Jarvis Thomson (born October 4, 1929) is an American moral philosopher and metaphysician.	Judith Jarvis Thomson	philosopher
occupation	Arthur Apfel (born on 29 October 1922 in Johannesburg) is a British figure skater.	Arthur Apfel	figure skater
occupation	Henry Armetta (July 4, 1888 -- October 21, 1945) was a Sicilian-born American character actor who appeared in at least 150 American films, starting in silents around 1915 to 1946, when his last film was released posthumously.	Henry Armetta	actor
occupation	Antônio Castilho de Alcântara Machado de Oliveira (May 25, 1901 -- April 14, 1935) was a Brazilian journalist, politician and writer.	Antônio Castilho de Alcântara Machado	journalist	politician	writer
occupation	Juliana Chen is a Chinese magician, who was born in the Hunan province of China.	Juliana Chen	magician
occupation	Bill Lignante (born March 20, 1925) is an American artist notable for his varied career as a comic book illustrator, comic strip artist, animator and television courtroom sketch artist.	Bill Lignante	animator
occupation	Paul Piccone (January 17, 1940 -- July 12, 2004) was an Italian-American philosopher, critical theorist, intellectual historian, and most notably the founder and long-time editor of the journal TELOS.	Paul Piccone	philosopher
occupation	Udo Recker is a German archaeologist (M.A. University of Bonn 1995, Ph.D. University of Bonn 1999).	Udo Recker	archaeologist
occupation	Jimmy Robbins (born James Michael Robbins on September 3, 1989, in Raleigh, North Carolina) is an American singer-songwriter and producer.	Jimmy Robbins	singer-songwriter
occupation	Agnieszka Biedrzycka is a Polish historian and writer from the Institute of History of the Polish Academy of Sciences (PAN).	Agnieszka Biedrzycka	historian
occupation	Will Earhart (April 1, 1871 - April 23, 1960) was a pioneering American music educator.	Will Earhart	music educator
occupation	Lidia Borda (born 1966) is an Argentine tango singer.	Lidia Borda	singer
occupation	Michael McCullers (born 1971) is an American comedy film screenwriter.	Michael McCullers	screenwriter
occupation	Richard Riker (September 9, 1773 in Newtown, Queens County, New York -- September 26, 1842 in New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Richard Riker	lawyer	politician
occupation	Kara Laricks was a fourth grade elementary school teacher for ten years before she quit to become a fashion designer.	Kara Laricks	teacher
occupation	Lawrence K. Jones is an American counseling psychologist, career assessment developer, and writer of international standing.	Lawrence K. Jones	psychologist
occupation	Tom Leopold is an American comedy writer, performer, and novelist.	Tom Leopold	novelist
occupation	Meg Wolfe is an choreographer, performer, and artistic director based in Los Angeles, CA.	Meg Wolfe	choreographer
occupation	Tinius Olsen (December 7, 1845 -- October 20, 1932) was a Norwegian-born American engineer and inventor.	Tinius Olsen	engineer
occupation	Flory Jagoda (born Flora Kabilio on 21 December 1923) is a Bosnian Jewish-American guitarist, composer and singer-songwriter.	Flory Jagoda	singer
occupation	Perla Parthasarathy Reddy is a Telugu Desam Party politician from Kadapa district in Andhra Pradesh.	Parthasarathy Reddy	politician
occupation	Geraldine Hunt (born February 10, 1945 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American R&B singer best known for the 1980 #1 Hot Dance Music/Club Play hit ``Can't Fake the Feeling''.	Geraldine Hunt	singer
occupation	Samir Radwan (Arabic: سمير رضوان‎) is an Egyptian politician who served in the government of Egypt as Minister of Finance from January 2011 to July 2011.	Samir Radwan	politician
occupation	Rico Barrera (born Frederick Barrera on December 29, 1984) is an Olongappese actor, the first housemate evicted from the 12 housemates of Pinoy Big Brother (season 1) 2005.	Rico Barrera	actor
occupation	William Guybon Atherstone (1814--1898) medical practitioner, naturalist and geologist, one of the pioneers of South African geology and a member of the Cape Parliament.	William Guybon Atherstone	naturalist	geologist
occupation	Gargi Vachaknavi (born about 700 BC) was an ancient Indian philosopher.	Gargi Vachaknavi	philosopher
occupation	John U. Bascom M.D., FACS, was an American surgeon and researcher who pioneered new understanding and treatment of pilonidal disease.	John U. Bascom	surgeon
occupation	David Rayfiel (September 9, 1923 -- June 22, 2011) was an American screenwriter and frequent collaborator of director Sydney Pollack (1934--2008).	David Rayfiel	screenwriter
occupation	Parkash Kaur (Punjabi: ਪ੍ਰਕਾਸ਼ ਕੌਰ) was a Punjabi singer.	Parkash Kaur	singer
occupation	Peter Peter (born Peter Roy c. 1984) is a Canadian singer-songwriter known for his French pop/rock compositions.	Peter Peter	singer
occupation	Christopher Cain (born Bruce Doggett; October 29, 1943) is an American screenwriter, actor, director, and singer.	Christopher Cain	actor
occupation	John Bartlet, also John Bartlett, (fl. 1606-1610) was an English Renaissance composer.	John Bartlet	composer
occupation	Chih Ree Sun (May 6, 1923 -- January 5, 2007) was a Chinese American physicist most noted with breaking new ground in modern physics as a professor at the State University of New York in Albany, he danced his way through life and spent time writing Chinese poetry after he retired.	Chih Ree Sun	physicist
occupation	Jürgen Cain Külbel is a German former criminal investigator of the GDR, who became an investigative journalist after the reunification of Germany.	Jürgen Cain Külbel	journalist
occupation	Robert N. Hall (born December 25, 1919) is an American engineer and applied physicist.	Robert N. Hall	engineer	physicist
occupation	Andrey Dumalkin (born November 3, 1972 in Moscow) is a Russian rugby league player currently playing for RC Lokomotiv Moscow in the Championship of Russia competition.	Andrey Dumalkin	rugby league player
occupation	Amrita Rao (pronounced (əmriːt̪a ːraːʋ)) is an Indian film actor and model.	Amrita Rao	actor	model
occupation	Penny Mickelbury (born 1948) is an African-American playwright and mystery novelist who worked as a print and television journalist for ten years before concentrating on fiction writing.	Penny Mickelbury	novelist	journalist
occupation	Lisa M. Hansen is an American film producer, production manager, actor, director, writer, and craft service person.	Lisa M. Hansen	film producer
occupation	Muanpair Panaboot (Thai: เหมือนแพร พานะบุตร; rtgs: Mueanphae Phanabut, born January 1, 1988) is a Thai pop singer who released her debut album in 2009.	Muanpair Panaboot	singer
occupation	Kevin Huizenga (born March 29, 1977 in Harvey, Illinois, USA) is an American cartoonist, best known as the creator of the comics character Glenn Ganges, who appears in most of his work.	Kevin Huizenga	cartoonist
occupation	Héctor Echavarría (born December 6, 1969) is an Argentine actor, producer, filmmaker, activist, businessman, screenwriter, philanthropist, former Martial arts Champion of the World, and a martial arts master.	Héctor Echavarría	actor
occupation	On 14 August 1944 the illegal paper Information printed a warning against Jane Horney, claiming her to be a spy and informant, and describing her social circle.	Jane Horney	spy
occupation	Dr. Harry Ostrer is a medical geneticist who investigates the genetic basis of common and rare disorders and, in the diagnostic laboratory, translates the findings of genetic discoveries into tests that can be used to identify people's risks for having a disease prior to its occurrence or for predicting its outcome once it has occurred.	Harry Ostrer	geneticist
occupation	Willa Muir (1890--1970) was a Scottish novelist, essayist and translator.	Willa Muir	translator
occupation	Yasmeen Hameed is a Pakistani Urdu poet.	Yasmeen Hameed	poet
occupation	Keo Pich Pisey (born May 17, 1982) is a Cambodian actress, model, and former dancer.	Keo Pich Pisey	dancer
occupation	Lois Hamilton (October 14, 1952 -- December 23, 1999) was an American model, author, aviator, artist and actress.	Lois Hamilton	model	aviator
occupation	Pedro Pablo Morales, Jr. (born December 5, 1964) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic gold medalist, world champion, and former world record-holder.	Pablo Morales	swimmer
occupation	Hezekiah Augur (February 21, 1791 -- January 10, 1858) was an early American sculptor and inventor.	Hezekiah Augur	sculptor
occupation	Charles Goodnight, also known as Charlie Goodnight (March 5, 1836 -- December 12, 1929), was an American cattle rancher in the American West, perhaps the best known rancher in Texas.	Charles Goodnight	rancher
occupation	Michael Avon Oeming is an American comic book creator, both as an artist and writer.	Michael Avon Oeming	writer
occupation	Indrasish Roy (Bengali: ইন্দ্রাশিস রায়) is a Bengali film and television actor.	Indrasish Roy	actor
occupation	John Charles Dent (November 8, 1841 -- September 27, 1888) was a journalist, author and historian.	John Charles Dent	historian
occupation	Nicola Verlato was born in Verona and began painting at a very early age, learning from Fra' Terenzio, a painter in the monastery of Franciscan monks of Lonigo.	Nicola Verlato	painter
occupation	S Ravi Mariya, is an Indian film director, actor and writer primarily working in Tamil and Malayalam cinema.	Ravi Mariya	film director	writer
original network	The Quatermass Experiment is a British science-fiction serial broadcast by BBC Television during the summer of 1953 and re-staged by BBC Four in 2005.	The Quatermass Experiment	BBC
original network	Call to Greatness was a reality television show on MTV.	Call to Greatness	MTV
original network	The Cannon and Ball Show was a successful comedy varitey show on ITV featuring the double act (and duo) of Bobby Ball and Tommy Cannon.	The Cannon and Ball Show	ITV
original network	Tommy Lee Goes to College is an NBC reality television show that began broadcasting on Tuesday, August 16, 2005 and on VH1 on Friday, August 19, 2005.	Tommy Lee Goes to College	NBC
original network	Funjabbi Chak De is a Hindi entertainment comedy show that aired on STAR One every Friday at 8:00 PM IST.	Funjabbi Chak De	STAR One
parent taxon	Coscinocera is a genus of large moths from the Saturniidae family, that are found in Australasia.	Coscinocera	Saturniidae
parent taxon	Menemerus is a genus of spiders in the family Salticidae, the jumping spiders.	Menemerus	Salticidae
parent taxon	Balmea is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the family Rubiaceae containing the single species Balmea stormae.	Balmea	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Barnebya Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature Anderson, W. R., and B. Gates.	Barnebya	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae
parent taxon	Zygoballus is currently classified in the subfamily Dendryphantinae of the family Salticidae (jumping spiders).	Zygoballus	Dendryphantinae
parent taxon	Stephopoma is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Siliquariidae, the ``slit worm shells'' or ``slit worm snails''.	Stephopoma	Siliquariidae
parent taxon	Plant's gulella snail, scientific name Gulella plantii, is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Plant's gulella snail	Gulella
parent taxon	The Conchos shiner (Cyprinella panarcys) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Conchos shiner	Cyprinella
parent taxon	Rhachidosoraceae is a family of ferns in the order Polypodiales.	Rhachidosoraceae	Polypodiales
parent taxon	The Cape dune mole-rat (Bathyergus suillus) is a species of solitary burrowing rodent in the family Bathyergidae.	Cape dune mole-rat	Bathyergus
parent taxon	The Tucumán mountain finch (Compsospiza baeri) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Tucumán mountain finch	Compsospiza
parent taxon	Dregea is a genus of vines in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus with this name in 1838.	Dregea	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	The Virgin Islands dwarf sphaero or Virgin Islands dwarf gecko (Sphaerodactylus parthenopion) is a species of gecko and also one of the smallest terrestrial vertebrates.	Virgin Islands dwarf sphaero	Sphaerodactylus
parent taxon	The Solomons white-eye or New Georgia white-eye (Zosterops kulambangrae) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Solomons white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Bean yellow mosaic virus (BYMV) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae.	Bean yellow mosaic virus	Potyvirus
parent taxon	Anisolabididae is a family of earwigs, in the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.	Anisolabididae	Forficulina
parent taxon	The Niue rail (Gallirallus huiatua) is an extinct species of flightless bird in the Rallidae, or rail family.	Niue rail	Gallirallus
parent taxon	The Durango salamander or pine woods salamander, Ambystoma silvense, is a mole salamander.	Durango salamander	Ambystoma
parent taxon	Metarctia is a genus of moth in the family Erebidae, subfamily of Arctiinae.	Metarctia	Arctiinae
parent taxon	Tetragonoceras is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the nautilid family Tetragonoceratidae that lived during the Middle Devonian, found in Canada.	Tetragonoceras	Tetragonoceratidae
parent taxon	Fukuia is a genus of amphibious freshwater snails and land snails with an operculum, gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Fukuia	Pomatiopsidae
parent taxon	Stromateoidei is a suborder of the Perciformes, the largest order of fish.	Stromateoidei	Perciformes
parent taxon	Gahniacarus is a genus of flat mites in the family Tenuipalpidae, containing the following species:	Gahniacarus	Tenuipalpidae
parent taxon	Didymoglossum is a tropical genus of ferns in the family Hymenophyllaceae.	Didymoglossum	Hymenophyllaceae
parent taxon	Hildegarde's tomb bat (Taphozous hildegardeae) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.	Hildegarde's tomb bat	Taphozous
parent taxon	Drimiopsis is a genus of African bulbous perennial herbs in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae, native to sub-Saharan Africa.	Drimiopsis	Scilloideae
parent taxon	Hodotermes is a genus of African harvester termites in the Hodotermitidae.	Hodotermes	Hodotermitidae
parent taxon	Garantiana is a strongly ribbed, generally evolute ammonite from the Bajocian stage at the beginning of the Middle Jurassic, included in the family Stephanoceratidae.	Garantiana	Stephanoceratidae
parent taxon	The Sudan golden sparrow (Passer luteus) is a small bird in the sparrow family, found to the south of the Sahara Desert in Africa.	Sudan golden sparrow	Passer
parent taxon	The Mullah spiny mouse (Acomys mullah) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, and Somalia.	Mullah spiny mouse	Acomys
parent taxon	Phaeochoraceae is a family of sac fungi in the order Phyllachorales.	Phaeochoraceae	Phyllachorales
parent taxon	The Loria's satinbird or velvet satinbird (Formerly known as the Loria's bird-of-paradise) (Cnemophilus loriae) is a species of bird in the Cnemophilidae family.	Loria's satinbird	Cnemophilus
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Pleurotaenium is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Placoderm desmids (Desmidiaceae).	Pleurotaenium	Desmidiaceae
parent taxon	Palophaginae is a small beetle subfamily within the family Megalopodidae.	Palophaginae	Megalopodidae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Chaetomorpha, also called Chaeto for short, is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Cladophoraceae.	Chaetomorpha	Cladophoraceae
parent taxon	Bats are the second largest order of mammals (after the rodents), representing about 20% of all classified mammal species worldwide, with about 1,240 bat species divided into two suborders: the less specialized and largely fruit-eating megabats, or flying foxes, and the highly specialized and echolocating microbats.	Bat	mammal
parent taxon	Nozeba is a genus of very small, somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum, semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusk in the family Iravadiidae.	Nozeba	Iravadiidae
parent taxon	Micropterigoidea is the superfamily of ``mandibulate archaic moths'', all placed in the single family Micropterigidae, containing currently about 20 living genera.	Micropterigidae	Micropterigoidea
parent taxon	The Pediciinae are a subfamily of flies in the family Pediciidae, closely related to Tipulidae (true craneflies).	Pediciinae	Pediciidae
parent taxon	Cnidoscolus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1827.	Cnidoscolus	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Taxodioideae is a subfamily in Cupressaceae.	Taxodioideae	Cupressaceae
parent taxon	According to APG II, the Asclepiadaceae is a former plant family now treated as a subfamily (subfamily Asclepiadoideae) in the Apocynaceae (Bruyns 2000).	Asclepiadoideae	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Ayres's hawk-eagle (Hieraaetus ayresii), also referred to as Ayres' eagle, is a medium-sized bird of prey in the family Accipitridae.	Ayres's hawk-eagle	Hieraaetus
parent taxon	Cephalosporium gramineum or Hymenula cerealis is a plant pathogen that causes Cephalosporium Stripe of Wheat and other grasses.	Cephalosporium gramineum	Hymenula
parent taxon	Mecotetartus antennatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Mecotetartus.	Mecotetartus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Sardinata tree frog, Hyloscirtus callipeza, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Colombia.	Sardinata tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	The African quailfinch, spectacled quailfinch, or white-chinned quailfinch (Ortygospiza fuscocrissa), is a common species of estrildid finch found in eastern and southern Africa.	African quailfinch	Ortygospiza
parent taxon	Alfred's shieldback (Alfredectes semiaeneus) is a species of katydid that is widespread in the Western Cape and Eastern Cape of South Africa.	Alfred's shieldback	Alfredectes
parent taxon	Ctenogobiops tangaroai, the Tangaroan shrimp-goby, is a species of goby of the family Gobiidae, native to the reefs of the Pacific Ocean where it can be found in fine-grained sand patches at depths of from 4 to 40 metres (13 to 131 ft).	Tangaroan shrimp-goby	Ctenogobiops
parent taxon	Abbottella is a genus of operculate land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks gastropod in the family Pomatiidae.	Abbottella	Pomatiidae
parent taxon	The Bavispe sucker, in Mexican matalote del Bavispe (Catostomus leopoldi), is a species of ray-finned fish in the Catostomidae family.	Bavispe sucker	Catostomus
parent taxon	Palleon nasus nasus was initially described as Brookesia nasus in 1887 by Boulenger and reclassified as a Palleon species in 2013.	Palleon nasus	Brookesia
parent taxon	The Malagasy kestrel (Falco newtoni), also known as the Madagascar kestrel, Malagasy spotted kestrel, Newton's kestrel, Madagascar spotted kestrel, katiti (Creole) or hitsikitsika (Malagasy), is a small bird of prey of the genus Falco.	Malagasy kestrel	Falco
parent taxon	The Samoan flycatcher (Myiagra albiventris) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Samoan flycatcher	Myiagra
parent taxon	Pholadomyidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the order Pholadomyoida.	Pholadomyidae	Pholadomyoida
parent taxon	The Landdros moss frog (Arthroleptella landdrosia) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Landdros moss frog	Arthroleptella
parent taxon	The Horus swift (Apus horus) is a small bird in the swift family.	Horus swift	Apus
parent taxon	The Oriental white-eye (Zosterops palpebrosus) is a small passerine bird in the white-eye family.	Oriental white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Conocoryphe is a genus of primarily eyeless trilobites belonging to the family Conocoryphidae.	Conocoryphe	Conocoryphidae
parent taxon	According to Gerald Mayr, Diogenornis is best considered a stem-group member of the Rheidae.	Diogenornis	Rheidae
parent taxon	The Indonesian speckled carpetshark, Hemiscyllium freycineti, is a species of bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae.	Indonesian speckled carpetshark	Hemiscyllium
parent taxon	According to 'The All-Species Living Tree' Project Caldithrix is a member of Sphingobacteria, whereas the LPSN assigns it as an unclassified Deferribacterales and the NCBI considers it an unclassified Bacteria.	Caldithrix	Sphingobacteria
parent taxon	The Daurian jackdaw (Corvus dauuricus) is a bird in the crow family, Corvidae.	Daurian jackdaw	crow
parent taxon	The Florida gar (Lepisosteus platyrhincus) is a species of gar found in the USA from the Savannah River and Ochlockonee River watersheds of Georgia and throughout peninsular Florida.	Florida gar	Lepisosteus
parent taxon	Campbellana is a genus of moths of the Carposinidae family, containing only one species, Campbellana attenuata.	Campbellana	Carposinidae
parent taxon	The Stemonaceae are a family of monocotyledonous flowering plants placed in the order Pandanales.	Stemonaceae	Pandanales
parent taxon	Nepalorthogonius monilicornis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Nepalorthogonius.	Nepalorthogonius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Tylomyini is a tribe of New World rats and mice in the subfamily Tylomyinae.	Tylomyini	Tylomyinae
parent taxon	Rutilia is a large genus of medium to large (>20mm) flies in the family Tachinidae native to Australia and the Oriental region.	Rutilia	Tachinidae
parent taxon	The St. Michel nesophontes (Nesophontes paramicrus) is an extinct species of mammal in the family Nesophontidae.	St. Michel nesophontes	Nesophontes
parent taxon	The describers concluded that Xiongguanlong split off from the main branch of the Tyrannosauroidea before Appalachiosaurus, being the sister taxon of a clade consisting of Appalachiosaurus and the Tyrannosauridae.	Xiongguanlong	Tyrannosauroidea
parent taxon	Uncarina is a genus of plant in family Pedaliaceae found in Madagascar.	Uncarina	Pedaliaceae
parent taxon	Wimmeria is a genus of shrubs to small trees in the family Celastraceae.	Wimmeria	Celastraceae
parent taxon	Amphitrema is a genus of testate amoeba in the family Amphitremidae.	Amphitrema	Amphitremidae
parent taxon	Paphiopedilum, often called the Venus slipper, is a genus of the Lady slipper orchid subfamily Cypripedioideae of the flowering plant family Orchidaceae.	Paphiopedilum	Cypripedioideae
parent taxon	Butomus is the only known genus in the plant family Butomaceae, native to Europe and Asia.	Butomus	Butomaceae
parent taxon	Geocoris is a genus of insects in the family Geocoridae (although in the past the geocorids were subsumed as a subfamily under the family ``Lygaeidae'').	Geocoris	Lygaeidae
parent taxon	The Henderson reed warbler (Acrocephalus taiti), also known as the Henderson reed-warbler, is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Henderson reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	Necepsia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1910.	Necepsia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Malherbe's parakeet or orange-fronted parakeet (Cyanoramphus malherbi) is a small parrot endemic to New Zealand.	Malherbe's parakeet	Cyanoramphus
parent taxon	Tshekardocoleoidea is a superfamily in the extinct suborder Protocoleoptera that contains the following families:	Tshekardocoleoidea	Protocoleoptera
parent taxon	Batistospora is a genus of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.	Batistospora	Ascomycota
parent taxon	Celtis tournefortii, commonly known as the 'oriental hackberry' is a deciduous tree in the Celtis genus.	Celtis tournefortii	hackberry
parent taxon	The Australian cockroach (Periplaneta australasiae) is a common species of tropical cockroach, with a length of 23--35 millimetres (0.91--1.38 in).	Australian cockroach	Periplaneta
parent taxon	The Cape flat lizard (Platysaurus capensis) is a lizard in the Cordylidae family found in Namibia and South Africa.	Cape flat lizard	Platysaurus
parent taxon	Böhm's bee-eater (Merops boehmi) is a species of bird in the Meropidae family.	Böhm's bee-eater	Merops
parent taxon	Cripavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Dicistroviridae.	Cripavirus	Dicistroviridae
parent taxon	Monotoca is a genus of about 17 species of shrubs in the family Ericaceae.	Monotoca	Ericaceae
parent taxon	Apodiphus is a genus of shield bugs belonging to the family Pentatomidae, subfamily Pentatominae.	Apodiphus	Pentatominae
parent taxon	Trialeurodes (Greenhouse whitefly) is a large genus of whiteflies in the family Aleyrodidae.	Trialeurodes	Aleyrodidae
parent taxon	The Satyrini are a huge tribe of the Satyrinae, containing the graylings, ringlets, and allies.	Satyrini	Satyrinae
parent taxon	Pacific bonito, Sarda chiliensis lineolata, is a marine species of bonito that is a game fighter but not highly thought of as a food fish.	Pacific bonito	Sarda chiliensis
parent taxon	The Mussau monarch (Symposiachrus menckei), also known as the white-breasted monarch, is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Mussau monarch	Symposiachrus
parent taxon	Rhodocyclus is a genus of gram-negative bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria.	Rhodocyclus	Rhodocyclaceae
parent taxon	The Central Asiatic frog or Asian frog (Rana asiatica) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family, found in China, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan.	Central Asiatic frog	Rana
parent taxon	The Hysteriaceae (also known as Dothideomycetes, Ascomycotina, Eumycota) are a taxonomic family of fungi and the only extant family belonging to the order Hysteriales.	Hysteriaceae	Hysteriales
parent taxon	The Luika barb (Barbus luikae) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Luika barb	Barbus
parent taxon	The Salvadori's teal or Salvadori's duck (Salvadorina waigiuensis) is a species of bird endemic to New Guinea.	Salvadori's teal	Salvadorina
parent taxon	Acanthochelys is a genus of turtles, the spiny swamp turtles, in the family Chelidae, subfamily Chelinae, found in South America.	Acanthochelys	Chelinae
parent taxon	The Chinese shrew mole (Uropsilus soricipes) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae.	Chinese shrew mole	Uropsilus
parent taxon	The Kentucky coffeetree, Gymnocladus dioicus, is a tree in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the pea family Fabaceae, native to the Midwest and Upper South of North America.	Kentucky coffeetree	Gymnocladus
parent taxon	Annesorhiza is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with about 12 to 15 species.	Annesorhiza	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Peterson's long-fingered bat (Miniopterus petersoni) is a bat in the genus Miniopterus which occurs in southeast Madagascar.	Peterson's long-fingered bat	Miniopterus
parent taxon	Senegalia montis-usti (Brandberg Acacia) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Senegalia montis-usti	Acacia
parent taxon	Melozone is a genus of mostly neotropical birds in the Emberizidae family, found mainly in Mexico.	Melozone	Emberizidae
parent taxon	Osteoglossoidei are a suborder of the order Osteoglossiformes (Latin: ``bony tongues'') that contains the butterflyfish, the arowanas and bonytongues, as well as extinct families.	Osteoglossoidei	Osteoglossiformes
parent taxon	The Siberian large-toothed shrew (Sorex daphaenodon) is a species of shrew.	Siberian large-toothed shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Melanotaenia splendida splendida also known as the Eastern rainbowfish is a subspecies of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family endemic to Australia.	Eastern rainbowfish	Melanotaenia splendida
parent taxon	The Antilles catshark (Galeus antillensis) is a common but little-known species of catshark, part of the family Scyliorhinidae.	Antilles catshark	Galeus
parent taxon	The Triplecross lizardfish (Synodus macrops) is a type of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Indo-West Pacific.	Triplecross lizardfish	Synodus
parent taxon	The Moluccan flycatcher or dark-grey flycatcher (Myiagra galeata) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Moluccan flycatcher	Myiagra
parent taxon	Aletomeryx is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Palaeomerycidae, endemic to North America from the early Miocene epoch (Hemingfordian stage) 20.6--16.3 Ma, existing for approximately 4.3 million years.	Aletomeryx	Palaeomerycidae
parent taxon	The American redstart (Setophaga ruticilla) is a New World warbler.	American redstart	Setophaga
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Prasiolales are an order of green algae in the class Trebouxiophyceae.	Prasiolales	Trebouxiophyceae
parent taxon	Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), a member of the grass family, is a major cereal grain grown in temperate climates globally.	Barley	Hordeum
parent taxon	The Butiaba naked-tailed shrew (Crocidura littoralis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Butiaba naked-tailed shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Aulodesmus is a genus of millipedes belonging to the family Gomphodesmidae.	Aulodesmus	Gomphodesmidae
parent taxon	The Sumatran laughingthrush (Garrulax bicolor), also known as the black-and-white laughingthrush, is a member of the Leiothrichidae family.	Sumatran laughingthrush	Garrulax
parent taxon	The American dipper (Cinclus mexicanus), also known as a water ouzel, is a stocky dark grey bird with a head sometimes tinged with brown, and white feathers on the eyelids that cause the eyes to flash white as the bird blinks.	American dipper	Cinclus
parent taxon	The Zempoaltepec deer mouse (Habromys lepturus), also known as the slender-tailed deer mouse, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Zempoaltepec deer mouse	Habromys
parent taxon	Dorcaschematini is a tribe of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae.	Dorcaschematini	Lamiinae
parent taxon	The Puerto Rican rock frog, Eleutherodactylus cooki, also known as the Puerto Rican cave-dwelling frog or rock coqui, and locally as coquí guajón, or guajón for brevity, is a threatened frog species from the coqui genus.	Puerto Rican rock frog	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Apristomimus megacephalus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Apristomimus.	Apristomimus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Asian swamp eel, swamp eel, rice eel, or white ricefield eel (Monopterus albus) is a commercially important, air-breathing species of fish in the Synbranchidae family.	Asian swamp eel	Monopterus
parent taxon	The Siberian grouse (Falcipennis falcipennis) is a medium-sized grouse.	Siberian grouse	Falcipennis
parent taxon	Paramesotriton, or (Asian) warty newts, is a genus of salamanders in the Salamandridae family.	Paramesotriton	Salamandridae
parent taxon	Ricardo's squeaker (Synodontis ricardoae) is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Tanzania.	Ricardo's squeaker	Synodontis
parent taxon	The London Underground mosquito is a form of mosquito in the genus Culex.	London Underground mosquito	Culex
parent taxon	Green lacewings are insects in the large family Chrysopidae of the order Neuroptera.	Chrysopidae	Neuroptera
parent taxon	Micrarionta is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Micrarionta	Helminthoglyptidae
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan greater funnel-eared bat (Natalus major) is a species of funnel-eared bat found on the island of Hispaniola.	Hispaniolan greater funnel-eared bat	Natalus
parent taxon	The European badger (Meles meles) is a species of badger in the family Mustelidae and is native to almost all of Europe and some parts of the Middle East.	European badger	Meles
parent taxon	Human infections with certain Bunyaviridae, such as Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus, are associated with high levels of morbidity and mortality, consequently handling of these viruses must occur with a Biosafety level 4 laboratory.	Bunyaviridae	virus
parent taxon	Psettichthyini is a tribe of fish in the Pleuronectinae subfamily.	Psettichthyini	Pleuronectinae
parent taxon	Neobernaya is a genus of tropical sea snail, cowries, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Neobernaya	Cypraeidae
parent taxon	Phoxocampus belcheri (Kaup, 1856) (rock pipefish) Phoxocampus diacanthus (L. P. Schultz, 1943) (spined pipefish) Phoxocampus tetrophthalmus (Bleeker, 1858) (trunk-barred pipefish)	Phoxocampus	pipefish
parent taxon	The Yucatan spider monkey (Ateles geoffroyi yucatanensis) is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, from Mexico, Guatemala and Belize.	Yucatan spider monkey	Geoffroy's spider monkey
parent taxon	Peters's sheath-tailed bat (Emballonura atrata) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.	Peters's sheath-tailed bat	Emballonura
parent taxon	Neoheterophrictus is a genus of tarantula in the family Theraphosidae, subfamily Ischnocolinae.	Neoheterophrictus	Theraphosidae
parent taxon	The Chuuk monarch, or Truk monarch (Metabolus rugensis) is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Chuuk monarch	Metabolus
parent taxon	Prodeinotherium is an extinct representative of the family Deinotheriidae that lived in Africa, Europe, and Asia in the early and middle Miocene.	Prodeinotherium	Deinotheriidae
parent taxon	In 2010, a new proposed classification system for the Bivalvia was published in by Bieler, Carter & Coan, revising the classification of the Bivalvia, including the subclass Heterodonta.	Heterodonta	Bivalvia
parent taxon	Hemichromis lifalili, common name blood-red jewel cichlid, is from a fish the family cichlidae.	Hemichromis lifalili	jewel cichlid
parent taxon	Eusthenoceras is an Early Carboniferous nautiloid cephalopod with a large depressed, apically curved shell assigned to the Pseudactinoceratidae, (previously ranked as the subfamily Pseudactinoceratinae).	Eusthenoceras	Pseudactinoceratidae
parent taxon	Plesiothyreus is a genus of very small sea snails or limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Phenacolepadidae.	Plesiothyreus	Phenacolepadidae
parent taxon	Fruticicola is a genus of medium-sized, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.	Fruticicola	Bradybaenidae
parent taxon	The genus Compsognathus gives its name to the family Compsognathidae, a group composed mostly of small dinosaurs from the late Jurassic and early Cretaceous periods of China, Europe and South America.	Compsognathus	Compsognathidae
parent taxon	Hoplocephalus is a genus of snakes in the Elapidae family.	Hoplocephalus	Elapidae
parent taxon	The Amphibolurinae are a subfamily of reptiles (more specifically, lizards) in the family Agamidae.	Amphibolurinae	Agamidae
parent taxon	Together with the bulk of the former Sparrmanniaceae, Grewia is in the subfamily Grewioideae and therein the tribe Grewieae, of which it is the type genus.	Grewia	Grewioideae
parent taxon	Xerosecta is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Xerosecta	Hygromiidae
parent taxon	Lebeckia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family native to the fynbos (Cape Floristic Kingdom) of South Africa.	Lebeckia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Bear Lake whitefish Prosopium abyssicola is a salmonid fish endemic to Bear Lake on the Utah-Idaho border.	Bear Lake whitefish	Prosopium
parent taxon	Xylothamia, the desert goldenrods, is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Xylothamia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Porolabium is a monotypic genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Porolabium	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	N4likevirus is a genus of bacteriophages in the order Caudovirales, in the family Podoviridae.	N4likevirus	Podoviridae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Methanoplanus is a genus of the Methanomicrobiaceae, comprising three species of methanogenic, or methane-producing, archaea.	Methanoplanus	Methanomicrobiaceae
parent taxon	Mercenaria is a genus of edible saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae, the Venus clams.	Mercenaria	Veneridae
parent taxon	The Gölçük toothcarp (Aphanius splendens) is an extinct species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Gölçük toothcarp	Aphanius
parent taxon	St. John's keelback, Xenochrophis sanctijohannis, is a species of natricine snake, which is endemic to Asia.	St. John's keelback	Xenochrophis
parent taxon	The Annulatascaceae are a family of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes of the Ascomycota.	Annulatascaceae	Sordariomycetes
parent taxon	The Aural horned toad, Xenophrys auralensis, is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Aural horned toad	Xenophrys
parent taxon	Paratemnopis ambiguus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Paratemnopis.	Paratemnopis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Lilford's wall lizard (Podarcis lilfordi ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Lilford's wall lizard	Podarcis
parent taxon	Allognathus is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae, the true snails.	Allognathus	Helicidae
parent taxon	Diplacodon is a genus of prehistoric odd-toed ungulates in the family Brontotheriidae.	Diplacodon	Brontotheriidae
parent taxon	The Cooloola sedge frog or Cooloola tree frog (Litoria cooloolensis) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Cooloola sedge frog	Litoria
parent taxon	The Laysan duck (Anas laysanensis), also known as the Laysan teal, is a dabbling duck endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.	Laysan duck	Anas
parent taxon	Radde's shrew (Sorex raddei) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Radde's shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Rhinichthys, known as the riffle daces, is a genus of freshwater fish in the carp family (Cyprinidae) of the order Cypriniformes.	Rhinichthys	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Harpactea is a genus of spiders from the family Dysderidae, with more than 150 described species.	Harpactea	Dysderidae
parent taxon	Vauquelinia, commonly known as the rosewoods, is a genus of the rose family Rosaceae.	Vauquelinia	Rosaceae
parent taxon	The Elenchidae are an insect family in the order Strepsiptera.	Elenchidae	Strepsiptera
parent taxon	Phausis is a genus of firefly beetles (family Lampyridae).	Phausis	Lampyridae
parent taxon	The Johnston snake eel (Schultzidia johnstonensis, also known as the Peppered worm eel in Micronesia and Hawaii) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Johnston snake eel	Schultzidia
parent taxon	In 2005, San Martín argued these differences were sufficient to consider them as different species, trigerring a taxonomic rediscription of the Syllidae, and describing this genus, Erinaceusyllis.	Erinaceusyllis	Syllidae
parent taxon	Kymagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Arkansas, United States.	Kymagnostus	Agnostida
parent taxon	Enchelycore pardalis, commonly called Leopard moray eel or Dragon moray, is a species of marine fish in the family Muraenidae.	Leopard moray eel	Enchelycore
parent taxon	The Killarney shad (Alosa killarnensis), also called the goureen, is a freshwater fish in the family Clupeidae, endemic to a single lake in Ireland, Lough Leane in County Kerry.	Killarney shad	Alosa
parent taxon	The Mount Alifana partula, scientific name Partula salifana, was a species of air-breathing tree snail, an arboreal pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Mount Alifana partula	Partula
parent taxon	Alachnothorax bruchi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Alachnothorax.	Alachnothorax	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Madagascan fish eagle (Haliaeetus vociferoides ) or Madagascar sea-eagle (to distinguish it from the Ichthyophaga fishing-eagles) is a large bird of prey in the family Accipitridae which also includes many other diurnal raptors such as kites, buzzards and harriers.	Madagascan fish eagle	sea-eagle
parent taxon	Dionda is the genus of desert minnows, small fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae.	Dionda	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	The Sulawesian toad or Celebes toad (Ingerophrynus celebensis) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Sulawesian toad	Ingerophrynus
parent taxon	Lactifluus deceptivus (synonym Lactarius deceptivus), commonly known as the deceiving milkcap, is a common species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.	Lactifluus deceptivus	Lactarius
parent taxon	The Gambaga flycatcher (Muscicapa gambagae) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Gambaga flycatcher	Muscicapa
parent taxon	Fraxinus angustifolia (narrow-leafed ash) is a species of Fraxinus native to central and southern Europe, northwest Africa, and southwest Asia.	Fraxinus angustifolia	ash
parent taxon	The Csorba's mouse-eared bat (Myotis csorbai) is a species of vesper bat.	Csorba's mouse-eared bat	Myotis
parent taxon	Issoria is the genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae commonly found in the Palaearctic ecozone, Africa and South America.	Issoria	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Pirre warbler (Basileuterus ignotus) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.	Pirre warbler	Basileuterus
parent taxon	Eurypterids have traditionally been regarded as close relatives of horseshoe crabs, together forming a group called Merostomata.	Eurypterid	Merostomata
parent taxon	The Aeolidida is a taxonomic clade of sea slugs, specifically aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Cladobranchia.	Aeolidida	Cladobranchia
parent taxon	Anthelidae is a family of Australian lappet moths in the Lepidoptera order.	Anthelidae	Lepidoptera
parent taxon	Stenostomidae are a family of the flatworm order Catenulida.	Stenostomidae	Catenulida
parent taxon	The Madagascan ibis (Lophotibis cristata), also known as the Madagascar crested ibis, white-winged ibis or crested wood ibis, is a medium-sized (approximately 50 cm long), brown-plumaged ibis.	Madagascan ibis	Lophotibis
parent taxon	Blighia is a genus of four species of flowering plants in the soapberry family, Sapindaceae, native to tropical Africa from Guinea east to Kenya.	Blighia	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Plebidonax deltoides (previously Donax deltoides) is a small, edible saltwater clam or marine bivalve mollusc of the family Donacidae, endemic to Australia.	Plebidonax deltoides	Donacidae
parent taxon	Ocypode africana, commonly known as the African ghost crab, is a species of ghost crabs native to the eastern Atlantic coast of western Africa, from Mauretania to Namibia.	African ghost crab	Ocypode
parent taxon	Cynarctoides is an extinct genus of terrestrial canine of the family Borophaginae and tribe Phlaocyonini which inhabited most of North America during the Whitneyan stage of the Early Oligocene to the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene 33.3--13.6 Mya existing approximately 19.7 million years.	Cynarctoides	Phlaocyonini
parent taxon	Pillar coral (Dendrogyra cylindrus) is a hard coral (order Scleractinia) found in the western Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.	Pillar coral	Dendrogyra
parent taxon	Cephalaria is a genus of about 65 species of flowering plants in the family Caprifoliaceae, native to southern Europe, western and central Asia, and northern and southern Africa.	Cephalaria	Caprifoliaceae
parent taxon	Hesperophanoschema hirsutum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Hesperophanoschema.	Hesperophanoschema	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Robertsiella is a genus of freshwater snails which have a gill and an operculum, gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Robertsiella	Pomatiopsidae
parent taxon	Danielea moelensis is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae, and the only species in the genus Danielea.	Danielea	Xanthidae
parent taxon	Gryllomorpha is a genus of cricket belonging to the family Gryllidae subfamily Gryllomorphinae.	Gryllomorpha	Gryllidae
parent taxon	Amberleyoidea is an superfamily of extinct, small to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.	Amberleyoidea	Vetigastropoda
parent taxon	Austrochalcophora subfasciata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Austrochalcophora.	Austrochalcophora	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Ovieda is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described for modern science in 1753.	Ovieda	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Cerambycini is a tribe of longhorn beetles classified under the subfamily Cerambycinae.	Cerambycini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	Dicypellium is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the family Lauraceae, native to tropical South America, in Amazon Basin.	Dicypellium	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The Eustrotiinae are a subfamily of moths, under family Noctuidae.	Eustrotiinae	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Javan trogon (Apalharpactes reinwardtii) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.	Javan trogon	Apalharpactes
parent taxon	The Kala forest tree frog, Leptopelis omissus, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, Gabon, and Nigeria, and possibly Angola, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Equatorial Guinea.	Kala forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Pteris (brake) is a genus of about 280 species of ferns in the Pteridoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.	Pteris	Pteridoideae
parent taxon	Sechium is a genus in subtribe Sicyinea of the tribe Sicyeae of the gourd family Cucurbitaceae.	Sechium	Cucurbitaceae
parent taxon	Acalles is a genus of beetles in the Curculionidae family.	Acalles	Curculionidae
parent taxon	Clathraria is a genus of corals in the family Melithaeidae.	Clathraria	Melithaeidae
parent taxon	Penion is a genus of large sea marine snails, commonly known as siphon whelks, classified within the mollusc family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Penion	Buccinidae
parent taxon	Enneapterygius howensis, known commonly as the Lord Howe Island triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Lord Howe Island triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Lophopus is a genus of bryozoans from Lophopodidae family.	Lophopus	Lophopodidae
parent taxon	The Zambian barbet or Chaplin's barbet (Lybius chaplini) is a bird species in the family Lybiidae, which was until recently united with the other barbets in the Capitonidae.	Chaplin's barbet	Lybius
parent taxon	The type species of this genus is Palaeospheniscus patagonicus, the Patagonian slender-footed penguin.	Palaeospheniscus	penguin
parent taxon	Bison latifrons (also known as the broad-headed paleo-bison, giant Ice Age bison or long-horned bison) is an extinct species of bison that lived in North America during the Pleistocene epoch.	Bison latifrons	bison
parent taxon	Smith's zokor (Eospalax smithii) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae, endemic to China.	Smith's zokor	Eospalax
parent taxon	The Cucurbiteae is a tribe of the Cucurbitoideae subfamily, which is a member of the Cucurbitaceae family, or gourd family, of flowering plants.	Cucurbiteae	Cucurbitoideae
parent taxon	The Karoo dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion karrooicum) is a chameleon native to South Africa.	Karoo dwarf chameleon	Bradypodion
parent taxon	Stylobasium is a genus of xerophytic shrubs in the family Surianaceae.	Stylobasium	Surianaceae
parent taxon	The Great bent-winged bat (Miniopterus tristis) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Great bent-winged bat	Miniopterus
parent taxon	The Arabian toad (Bufo arabicus or Duttaphrynus arabicus) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Arabian toad	Bufo
parent taxon	In 1915, the tribe Prionomyrmecini was erected by American entomologist William Morton Wheeler, who had placed Prionomyrmex in it.	Prionomyrmex	Prionomyrmecini
parent taxon	Amblysaphes striatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Amblysaphes.	Amblysaphes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Phyllota is an Australian genus from the family Fabaceae, a biological grouping of flowering plants.	Phyllota	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Orthocycloceras was assigned to Orthocerida Sepkoski (2002).	Orthocycloceras	Orthocerida
parent taxon	Dismegistus is a genus of true bugs belonging to the family Parastrachiidae.	Dismegistus	Parastrachiidae
parent taxon	The Finke River hardyhead (Craterocephalus centralis) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family.	Finke River hardyhead	Craterocephalus
parent taxon	The Indian flapshell turtle (Lissemys punctata) is a freshwater species of turtle found in South Asia.	Indian flapshell turtle	Lissemys
parent taxon	The Monte Escondido salamander (Bolitoglossa decora) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Monte Escondido salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Carpenter frog (Rana virgatipes) is a species of true frog found on coastal plain of the Atlantic coast of the United States between central New Jersey and northeastern Florida.	Carpenter frog	Rana
parent taxon	Ticocystiscus is a genus of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cystiscidae.	Ticocystiscus	Cystiscidae
parent taxon	Polystemma is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1844.	Polystemma	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Limnocharis is a genus in the Alismataceae, native to Mexico, Central America, the West Indies and South America) but naturalized in China, India, and Southeast Asia as well.	Limnocharis	Alismataceae
parent taxon	Amphiuma is a genus of aquatic salamanders, the only extant genus within the family Amphiumidae /æmfɨˈjuːmɨdiː/.	Amphiuma	Amphiumidae
parent taxon	Gasteria is part of the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, subfamily Asphodeloideae.	Gasteria	Asphodeloideae
parent taxon	Lyrogoniatitinae is one of two subfamilies of the Cravenoceratidae family.	Lyrogoniatitinae	Cravenoceratidae
parent taxon	Common wheat (Triticum aestivum), also known as bread wheat, is a cultivated wheat species.	Common wheat	Triticum
parent taxon	Packera is a genus of about 64 species of plants in the composite family, Asteraceae.	Packera	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Polyommatini is a tribe of lycaenid butterflies in the subfamily Polyommatinae.	Polyommatini	Polyommatinae
parent taxon	Tropidacris is a genus of grasshopper in the family Romaleidae.	Tropidacris	Romaleidae
parent taxon	The Wood River sculpin (Cottus leiopomus) is a species of fish in the Cottidae family.	Wood River sculpin	Cottus
parent taxon	The Microascales are an order of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes, subclass Hypocreomycetidae.	Microascales	Hypocreomycetidae
parent taxon	Leiopotherapon is a genus of fish in the family Terapontidae, the grunters.	Leiopotherapon	Terapontidae
parent taxon	Projovellania is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod belonging to the oncocerid family Jovellaniidae found in mid Silurian sediments in Europe.	Projovellania	Jovellaniidae
parent taxon	The Philippine leafbird (Chloropsis flavipennis) is a species of bird in the Chloropseidae family.	Philippine leafbird	Chloropsis
parent taxon	Laccobiini is a tribe in the subfamily Hydrophilinae of aquatic beetles, and it contains 367 species in 8 genera.	Laccobiini	Hydrophilinae
parent taxon	Oxycarenus is a genus of ground bugs belonging to the family Lygaeidae, subfamily Oxycareninae.	Oxycarenus	Lygaeidae
parent taxon	Corylopsis is a genus of nearly 30 species of shrubs in the witch hazel family, Hamamelidaceae, native to eastern Asia with the majority of species endemic in China but with some also in Japan, Korea, and the Himalayas.	Corylopsis	Hamamelidaceae
parent taxon	The Oriente cave rat (Boromys offella) was a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.	Oriente cave rat	Boromys
parent taxon	The Clydonitaceae is a superfamily in the ammonoid cephalopod order Ceratitida characterized by generally costate and turberculate shells with smooth, grooved, or keeled venters and sutures that are commonly ceratitic or ammonitic but goniatic in a few offshoots.	Clydonitaceae	Ceratitida
parent taxon	Roulletia is an extinct genus of sand sharks (family Odontaspididae).	Roulletia	Odontaspididae
parent taxon	Succinea, common name the amber snails, is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Succineidae.	Succinea	Succineidae
parent taxon	Acrioceratidae is a family of heteromorph ammonites included in the Ancyloceratoidea comprising ancyloceratid-like forms that start off with a coiled juvenile section, followed by a straight or curved shaft ending in a hook.	Acrioceratidae	Ancyloceratoidea
parent taxon	Anthracoceratites is an extinct genus belonging to the of the Dimorphoceratidae family.	Anthracoceratites	Dimorphoceratidae
parent taxon	The Cape shoveler or Cape shoveller (Anas smithii) is a species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas.	Cape shoveler	Anas
parent taxon	Antaxius is a genus of 'katydids crickets' belonging to the family Tettigoniidae.	Antaxius	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	The Argyrogrammatini are a tribe of moths in the subfamily Plusiinae, consisting of fifteen genera.	Argyrogrammatini	Plusiinae
parent taxon	Metopocetus is an extinct genus of baleen whale belonging to the family Cetotheriidae.	Metopocetus	Cetotheriidae
parent taxon	Hydrotaea is a genus of insects in the housefly family, Muscidae.	Hydrotaea	Muscidae
parent taxon	Shiho's seahorse (Hippocampus sindonis) is a species of fish in the Syngnathidae family.	Shiho's seahorse	Hippocampus
parent taxon	Almites is a genus belonging to the Marathonitidae families.	Almites	Marathonitidae
parent taxon	Clohiesia is a genus of fungi in the family Annulatascaceae of the Ascomycota.	Clohiesia	Annulatascaceae
parent taxon	Casaleius ferrugineus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Casaleius.	Casaleius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Olyreae is a tribe of grasses in the bamboo subfamily (Bambusoideae).	Olyreae	Bambusoideae
parent taxon	Platystega is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae of Svalbard during the Triassic.	Platystega	Trematosauridae
parent taxon	Blueberry shock virus (BlShV) is an Ilarvirus belonging to the Bromoviridae family.	Blueberry shock virus	Ilarvirus
parent taxon	The Philippine forest roundleaf bat (Hipposideros obscurus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Philippine forest roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Chordifex is a genus of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1998.	Chordifex	Restionaceae
parent taxon	Boenninghausenia is a monotypic plant genus in the family Rutaceae.	Boenninghausenia	Rutaceae
parent taxon	Sordes has been assigned to the family Rhamphorhynchidae.	Sordes	Rhamphorhynchidae
parent taxon	Arhythmacanthidae are a family of parasitic worms from the order Echinorhynchida.	Arhythmacanthidae	Echinorhynchida
parent taxon	Segmentina is a genus of very small, air-breathing, freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ramshorn snails.	Segmentina	Planorbidae
parent taxon	Pangora is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Nepal, India and Sri Lanka.	Pangora	Arctiidae
parent taxon	The Pacific hagfish (Eptatretus stoutii) is a species of hagfish.	Pacific hagfish	Eptatretus
parent taxon	Regelia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.	Regelia	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Aphananthe is a small genus of evergreen trees in the family Cannabaceae.	Aphananthe	Cannabaceae
parent taxon	Aphania is a genus of trees and shrubs of the family Sapindaceae.	Aphania	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Nisoniades is a genus of tufted skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Nisoniades	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The Tenasserim lutung (Trachypithecus barbei) is a species of lutung.	Tenasserim lutung	Trachypithecus
parent taxon	Abacaelostus filicornis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Abacaelostus.	Abacaelostus	Carabidae
participant of	István Drubina (Slovak: Štefan Drubina, born August 17, 1884, date of death unknown) was a Slovak track and field athlete who competed for Hungary in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	István Drubina	1908 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bert Brinkman (born April 4, 1968 in Nijverdal) is a retired water polo player from the Netherlands, who finished in ninth position with the Dutch team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Bert Brinkman	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Harald Hansen (March 14, 1884 in Copenhagen -- May 10, 1927 in Aarhus) was a Danish amateur football (soccer) player, who played as a defender for the Denmark national football team, with whom he won silver medals at the 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics.	Harald Hansen	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bakhtiyar Tyleganov (Бахтияр Тйлеганов; born January 5, 1976) is a retired boxer from Kazakhstan, who competed for his native country in the Men's Featherweight (-- 57 kg) division at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Bakhtiyar Tyleganov	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lisa-Marie Deetlefs (born 8 September 1987) is a South African field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lisa-Marie Deetlefs	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	On 11 May, Dunga named Grafite among his 23-man 2010 FIFA World Cup squad.	Grafite	2010 FIFA World Cup
participant of	George Cosac (born 26 January 1968) is a former tennis player from Romania, who represented his native country in the doubles competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	George Cosac	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Annabelle Euranie (born September 4, 1982 in Gonesse, France) is a French judoka who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the women's half-lightweight division.	Annabelle Euranie	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luciano Zinali (born 13 August 1943) is an Italian yacht racer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Luciano Zinali	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marija Nikolova (Macedonian: Марија Николова) is a Macedonian musician who entered Eurovision Song Contest 2000 as part of the group XXL with the song ``100% te ljubam'' with band mates Ivona Džamtovska, Rosica Nikolovska, and Verica Karanfilovska.	Marija Nikolova	Eurovision Song Contest 2000
participant of	Natalie Titcume (born 6 December 1975 in Sydney) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Natalie Titcume	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	József Vágó (born 1906) was a Hungarian football defender who played for Hungary in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	József Vágó	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Fausto Radici (24 September 1953 -- 14 April 2002) was an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Fausto Radici	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Édouard Candeveau (11 February 1898 -- November 1989) was a Swiss rower who competed at the 1920, 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics.	Édouard Candeveau	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arvid Martin Hjalmar Lönnroth (11 September 1856 in Kungälv, Bohuslän -- 24 July 1935 in Göteborg) was a sailor from Sweden, who represented his native country at the 1908 Summer Olympics in Ryde, Isle of Wight, Great Britain in the 8 Metre.	Hjalmar Lönnroth	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gary Neist (born November 1, 1946 in Albert Lea, Minnesota) is an American former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Gary Neist	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bohumil Janoušek (or Bob Janousek) (born September 7, 1937) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and later moved to Britain as a rowing coach and then a boat-builder.	Bohumil Janoušek	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Fernando Bulnes Zelaya (born 21 October 1946) aka Azulejo,is a retired Honduran football defender who played for Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.	Fernando Bulnes	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Kimie Morita (Japanese: 森田 貴美枝; born February 27, 1958) is a Japanese former volleyball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Kimie Morita	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ján Zachara (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈjaːn ˈzaxara)) (born 27 August 1928 in Kubra near Trenčín, now Slovak Republic) is a former Czechoslovak boxer who won the gold medal in the featherweight division at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.	Ján Zachara	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lin Ying-chieh (Chinese: 林英傑; pinyin: Lín Yīngjié; born 1 May 1981) is a Taiwanese baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Lin Ying-chieh	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Birte Ove-Petersen was a Danish swimmer who won three medals at the 1938 European Aquatics Championships.	Birte Ove-Petersen	1938 European Aquatics Championships
participant of	Knud Lundberg (14 May 1920 -- 12 August 2002) was a Danish multi-talented sportsperson, who most notably won a bronze medal with the Denmark national football team at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Knud Lundberg	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gao Ming Jie competed in the F44/46 javelin throw at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece where he won the silver medal.	Gao Ming Jie	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Otto Ferdinand Muller von Czernicki (March 13, 1909 in Magetan, Dutch East Indies -- 1998) was a Dutch field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Otto Ferdinand Muller von Czernicki	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Prudencio Norales Martínez (born 20 April 1956) is a retired Honduran football midfielder who played for Honduras in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.	Prudencio Norales	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Traudl Ruckser (born 13 February 1925) is an Austrian former gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Traudl Ruckser	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gregor Grilc (born 13 February 1970 in Šenčur) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.His best result in the Alpine skiing World Cup are 6th and 8th place, both in slalom.	Gregor Grilc	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Edi Schild (also Edy, born February 21, 1919) is a Swiss cross-country skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Edi Schild	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mari Saarinen (born in Kangasala on July 30, 1981) is a Finnish ice hockey forward She plays for IlvesTampere and appeared in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Mari Saarinen	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ricardo Héber (28 September 1927 -- 2002) was an Argentine javelin thrower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Ricardo Héber	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stefaan Maene (born May 13, 1972 in Ostend) is a former backstroke and medley swimmer from Belgium, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Stefaan Maene	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Isaac Asare (born 1 September 1974 in Kumasi, Ghana) is a football player from Ghana, who was a member of the Men's National Team that won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Isaac Asare	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Milan Lazarević (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Лазаревић, born July 11, 1948 in Belgrad) is a Yugoslav/Serbian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Milan Lazarević	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Biserka Višnjić (born 10 October 1953 in Trogir) is a former Croatian handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics for the Yugoslavia women's national handball team and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Biserka Višnjić	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Janette Hargin (born 4 October 1977, Stockholm) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 2002 and 2006 Winter Olympics.	Janette Hargin	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dennis Thiessen (born in Crystal City, Manitoba on April 20, 1961) is a wheelchair curler who was part of the winning team in wheelchair curling for Canada at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.	Dennis Thiessen	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Denzil Dolley (born 22 July 1977 in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape) is a field hockey player from South Africa, who was a member of the national squad that finished tenth at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Denzil Dolley	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Bocwinski (born November 22, 1936 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was an Argentine-American soccer defender who was a member of the U.S. Olympic soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics	John Bocwinski	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shirley Cawley (born 26 April 1932) is a British athlete who won the bronze medal in the long jump at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland.	Shirley Cawley	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nino de Angelo (born Domenico Gerhard Gorgoglione, 18 December 1963) is a German singer of Italian descent known for his 1983 chart-topper ``Jenseits von Eden'', and who participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1989 with the song, ``Flieger'', written by Dieter Bohlen and Joachim Horn-Bernges.	Nino de Angelo	Eurovision Song Contest 1989
participant of	Okey Isima (24 August 1956 -- 18 February 2013) was a Nigerian football Defender who played for Nigeria in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 African Cup of Nations.	Okey Isima	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Werner Delmes (born 28 September 1930 in Cologne) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics.	Werner Delmes	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Roedder (March 12, 1879 -- December 1966) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Hans Roedder	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	David Pichler (born September 3, 1968) is an American Olympic diver representing the United States in 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where Pichler was elected team captain.	David Pichler	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stjepan Deverić scored 5 goals at the 1984 Summer Olympics and was a joint Top Scorer with Boro Cvetković.	Stjepan Deverić	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tycho van Meer (born September 30, 1974 in Eindhoven) is a former field hockey striker from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Tycho van Meer	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roger Michelot (8 June 1912, Saint-Dizier, Haute-Marne -- 19 March 1993) was a French boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Roger Michelot	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kasey Giteau (born 20 September 1982) is a former competitive swimmer who represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Kasey Giteau	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marina Ferragut Castillo (born 11 February 1972 in Barcelona) is a Spanish former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Marina Ferragut	1992 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Boris Mikhaylovich Zaytsev (Russian: Бори́с Миха́йлович За́йцев; 23 March 1937 -- 24 February 2000) was a Russian ice hockey player who competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics.	Boris Mikhaylovich Zaytsev	1964 Winter Olympics
participant of	Marian Heffernan (born 16 April 1982 in Cork, Ireland) is an Irish athlete who competed at the in the Women's 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Marian Heffernan	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marcus Baur (born 10 May 1971) is a German former yacht racer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Marcus Baur	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ferenc Velkey (November 15, 1915 -- September 12, 2008) was a Hungarian field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Ferenc Velkey	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bence Béres (born in Komárom on 26 August 1992) is a Short track speed skater set to represent Hungary at the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Bence Béres	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Man Afraid Soap was a Canadian lacrosse player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Man Afraid Soap	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fuad Aslanov (born June 28, 1976 in Sumgait) is an Azerbaijani boxer who competed in the flyweight division (-- 51 kg) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.	Fuad Aslanov	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Warren Cummings Smith III, also known as Trace Smith (born June 21, 1992), is an American-Estonian alpine skier who represented Estonia at the 2014 Winter Olympics.	Warren Cummings Smith	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Julius Kariuki (born June 12, 1961) was the winner of the 3,000 m steeplechase at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Julius Kariuki	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Galina Stancheva (Bulgarian: Галина Станчева) is a Bulgarian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Galina Stancheva	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bayron Molina Figueroa (born 10 May 1993 in Tegucigalpa, Honduras) is a Honduran boxer who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the light flyweight division where he lost in the first round to Devendro Singh.	Bayron Molina	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	João Leithardt Neto (6 January 1958 -- 3 October 2015), nicknamed Kita, was a Brazilian footballer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	João Leithardt Neto	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marcel Fischer (born 14 August 1978 in Biel/Bienne) is a Swiss fencer who competed in the Men's Épée Individual at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal.	Marcel Fischer	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ingrid Berntsen was scheduled to compete in freestyle skiing at the 2002 Winter Olympics, while her sister Hedda was a candidate for the alpine skiing team.	Ingrid Berntsen	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Gintautas Umaras (born May 20, 1963 in Kaunas) is a retired track and road racing cyclist from Lithuania, who represented the USSR at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Gintautas Umaras	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nodar Dzhordzhikiya (or Nodar Jorjikia) (Georgian: ნოდარ ჯორჯიკია, Russian: Нодар Константинович Джорджикия; November 15, 1921 -- 2 June 2008) was a Soviet basketball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Nodar Dzhordzhikiya	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jesús Moraila Morales (born 1901 in Culiacán, Sinaloa, date of death unknown) was a Mexican sprinter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Jesús Moraila	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bobbie Singer (born Tina Schosser, 22 February 1981, in Linz) is an Austrian singer, best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 1999.	Bobbie Singer	Eurovision Song Contest 1999
participant of	Henry Terry (27 May 1868 -- 24 December 1952) was a member of the silver medal winning French cricket team at the 1900 Summer Olympics, the only time to date that cricket has featured in the Olympics.	Henry Terry	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hermann Hölter (31 January 1900 -- 5 May 1989) was a German modern pentathlete and Generalleutnant during World War II. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Hermann Hölter	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alfonso Stoopen (born in 1902 in San Luis Potosí- date of death unknown) was a Mexican high jumper and long jumper who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Alfonso Stoopen	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Orlando Maldonado (born May 21, 1959 in Bayamon, Puerto Rico) is a retired boxer from Puerto Rico, who won the bronze medal in the men's light flyweight (-- 48 kg) division at the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Orlando Maldonado	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Choe Chol-su (born December 1, 1969) is a North Korean boxer, who won the gold medal in the men's Flyweight (51 kg) category at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Choe Chol-su	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jorge Vidal was an Argentine gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Jorge Vidal	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Susan Wessels-Webber (born 12 November 1977 in Bloemfontein, Free State) is a field hockey player from South Africa who represented her country at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Susan Wessels-Webber	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maria Lamb (born January 4, 1986, in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an Olympic speed skater from River Falls, Wisconsin, who competed in 1500 m and the team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Maria Lamb	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	David Kibet (born November 24, 1963 in Burnt Forest) is a former Kenyan middle distance runner who won a bronze medal at the African Championships 1990 over 1500 m. Kibet finished tenth in the 1992 Summer Olympics final and seventh in the 1991 World Championships.	David Kibet	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marianne Vermaat (born 2 May 1955) is a former backstroke swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Marianne Vermaat	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stanisław Bobak was one of the leading ski jumpers of the 1970s and 1980s, and was a member of the Polish team at the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1980 Winter Olympics.	Stanisław Bobak	1976 Winter Olympics	1980 Winter Olympics
participant of	Andrzej Skrzydlewski (born November 3, 1946 in Ksawerów - May 28, 2006 in Ksawerów) was a Polish wrestler who competed in the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.	Andrzej Skrzydlewski	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charles Keeble (born 6 January 1934) is a former Australian figure skater who competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics.	Charles Keeble	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	Hubert Brooks MC (December 29, 1921 -- February 1, 1984) was a Canadian RCAF officer and hockey player who won a gold medal at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.	Hubert Brooks	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Simone Rosalba (born January 31, 1976 in Paola, Calabria) is a volleyball player from Italy, who won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Simone Rosalba	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Johan Aantjes (born May 6, 1958, in Utrecht) is a former water polo player from the Netherlands, who finished in sixth position with the Dutch National Men's Team at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Johan Aantjes	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Markéta Bednářová (née Mokrošová, born 17 April 1981 in Nové Město na Moravě) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Markéta Bednářová	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ahmed Ismail El Shamy (born October 21, 1975 in Cairo, Al-Qahira) is an Egyptian boxer who competed in the Men's Light Heavyweight (-- 81 kg) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.	Ahmed Ismail El Shamy	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carl August Herold Jansson (13 November 1899 -- 23 April 1965) was a Danish gymnast and diver who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Herold Jansson	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	James Martin Vinnicombe (born 5 December 1964 in Melbourne, Victoria) is a retired Australian track cyclist who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, winning a silver medal in 1000 metres time trial.	Martin Vinnicombe	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ghada Ali represented Libyan Arab Jamahiriya (now Libya) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed for the women's 400 metres.	Ghada Ali	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chang Eun-kyung (Korean: 장은경; 26 May 1951 -- 12 May 1996) was a Korean judoka and silver medalist who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Chang Eun-kyung	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ricchi e Poveri represented Italy in Eurovision Song Contest 1978 with song ``Questo amore'' finishing 12th with 53 points.	Ricchi e Poveri	Eurovision Song Contest 1978
participant of	Thelma Boughner (born 27 September 1918) is a retired Canadian diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Thelma Boughner	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giorgio Di Centa (born October 7, 1972, in Tolmezzo, province of Udine) is a former Italian cross country skier who won two gold medals at the 2006 Winter Olympics, including the individual 50 km freestyle race.	Giorgio Di Centa	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Nuri Boytorun was Turkey's flag bearer at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Nuri Boytorun	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Héctor Ochoa (born 5 July 1942) is an Argentine former footballer who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Héctor Ochoa	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guo Youhua (born 1983-09-29 in Gansu) is a Chinese baseball player who is a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Guo Youhua	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fatoumata Samassékou (born 31 December 1987) is a swimmer set to compete for Mali at the 2012 Summer Olympics in Women's 50m Freestyle.	Fatoumata Samassékou	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lorenzo Calonga Arce (born 28 August 1929 - died 20 September 2003) was a Paraguayan football striker and midfielder who was part of the Paraguay squad for the 1950 FIFA World Cup finals.	Lorenzo Calonga	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Ida Ladstätter (born 13 February 1965 in Sankt Jakob in Defereggen) is a retired Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Ida Ladstätter	1988 Winter Olympics
performer	Say It Like You Mean It is the first full-length album from pop punk band The Starting Line, following their debut EP With Hopes of Starting Over.	Say It Like You Mean It	The Starting Line
performer	Paper Forest (In the Afterglow of Rapture) is a song by Emmy the Great, released in 2011 on her second album, Virtue.	Paper Forest (In the Afterglow of Rapture)	Emmy the Great
performer	``Black Mountain Side'' is an instrumental by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, featured on the band's 1969 debut album Led Zeppelin.	Black Mountain Side	Led Zeppelin
performer	Malo Soula (Serbian: A Little Bit of Soul) is a 1996 album by Serbian pop duo K2.	Malo Soula	K2
performer	Off the Leash is the sixth album by Scottish-Canadian celtic punk band The Real McKenzies.	Off the Leash	The Real McKenzies
performer	When We Were the New Boys is a studio album released by Rod Stewart on 29 May 1998 (see 1998 in music).	When We Were the New Boys	Rod Stewart
performer	Happiness Is the Road is Marillion's 15th studio album, released as two separate album-length volumes respectively titled Essence and The Hard Shoulder.	Happiness Is the Road	Marillion
performer	``This Is Not America'' is a song by jazz fusion band Pat Metheny Group and rock singer David Bowie, taken from the soundtrack for the film The Falcon and the Snowman.	This Is Not America	Pat Metheny Group	David Bowie
performer	``Everything Zen'' is the debut single released by British alternative rock band Bush in early 1995 from their debut album Sixteen Stone.	Everything Zen	Bush
performer	``Celebration of the Lizard'' is a performance piece written by Jim Morrison, frontman of The Doors.	Celebration of the Lizard	The Doors
performer	From Hank, Bruce, Brian and John is the seventh rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows, released in 1967.	From Hank, Bruce, Brian and John	The Shadows
performer	The Bravest Man in the Universe is the twenty-seventh and final studio album by the American soul artist Bobby Womack.	The Bravest Man in the Universe	Bobby Womack
performer	``Tell Me When'' is a song by the British synthpop group The Human League.	Tell Me When	The Human League
performer	``Vy från ett luftslott'' (Swedish for ``View from a Castle in the Air'') is the fourth and final single released from the album Tillbaka till samtiden, by the Swedish alternative rock band Kent.	Vy från ett luftslott	Kent
performer	``Lords of the Boards'' is the third single by the Guano Apes and the final single from their debut album Proud Like a God.	Lords of the Boards	Guano Apes
performer	Real Life Hits is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1984 and released on the ECM label in 1985.	Real Life Hits	Gary Burton
performer	A Little Light Music (1992) is a Jethro Tull live album.	A Little Light Music	Jethro Tull
performer	Slowing Down the World is the third studio album by trumpet player Chris Botti.	Slowing Down the World	Chris Botti
performer	``Mean Old World'' is a blues song recorded by American blues electric guitar pioneer T-Bone Walker in 1942.	Mean Old World	T-Bone Walker
performer	``When Can I See You'' is the fifth single from the Babyface album For the Cool in You (1993).	When Can I See You	Babyface
performer	Give It is the eighteenth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2009.	Give It	Arthur Loves Plastic
performer	``Mule Skinner Blues'' (a.k.a. ``Blue Yodel #8'', ``Muleskinner Blues'', and ``Muleskinner's Blues'') is a classic country song written by Jimmie Rodgers and George Vaughan.	Mule Skinner Blues	Jimmie Rodgers
performer	Hagnesta Hill is an album by the Swedish band Kent, released in 1999 (Swedish version) and 2000 (English version).	Hagnesta Hill	Kent
performer	Fulfillingness' First Finale is a 1974 album by Stevie Wonder; widely considered one of the albums from his ``classic period''.	Fulfillingness' First Finale	Stevie Wonder
performer	Fantastic, Vol. 2 (also referred to as Fantastic Volume II) is the second album from Detroit's Slum Village, released on August 8, 2000.	Fantastic, Vol. 2	Slum Village
performer	``End of the Road'' is a single recorded by American R&B group Boyz II Men for the Boomerang soundtrack.	End of the Road	Boyz II Men
performer	Bluffer's Guide to the Flight Deck is the 2004 debut album released by Flotation Toy Warning.	Bluffer's Guide to the Flight Deck	Flotation Toy Warning
performer	Live the Storm is the sixth album by Swedish hardcore punk/D-beat band Disfear.	Live the Storm	Disfear
performer	``Opa Opa'' is a song by Greek singer Notis Sfakianakis, released as a single from his second album Ise Ena Pistoli in 1992.	Opa Opa	Notis Sfakianakis
performer	What Were Once Vices Are Now Habits is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Doobie Brothers, released in 1974.	What Were Once Vices Are Now Habits	The Doobie Brothers
performer	Jagged is the eighteenth studio album by the musician Gary Numan, his first original album in over five years, following Pure in 2000.	Jagged	Gary Numan
performer	``If You Wanna'' is the third single by English indie rock band The Vaccines, from their debut album What Did You Expect from The Vaccines?	If You Wanna	The Vaccines
performer	Non timor domini, non timor malus is the second studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.	Non timor domini, non timor malus	Militia Christi
performer	``Young, Wild & Free'' is a song by American West Coast hip hop artist Snoop Dogg and American Hip hop artist Wiz Khalifa.	Young, Wild & Free	Snoop Dogg	Wiz Khalifa
performer	Cast from the Platform is the second album by American dream pop band Auburn Lull, released in 2004 and produced by Andrew Prinz of Mahogany.	Cast from the Platform	Auburn Lull
performer	Girls Get Busy is an album by Bratmobile, released in 2002 on Lookout!	Girls Get Busy	Bratmobile
performer	``Mess of You'' is a pop rock song written by Alana Grace and Michael Ochs for Grace's second studio album With One Word (2009).	Mess of You	Alana Grace
performer	``Green Fields'' is the third single by British alternative rock band The Good, the Bad & the Queen.	Green Fields	The Good, the Bad & the Queen
performer	Mean Greens is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1966 and released on the Atlantic label.	Mean Greens	Eddie Harris
performer	``Hey Now Now'' is the first single by pop rock group Swirl 360 from their debut studio album, Ask Anybody.	Hey Now Now	Swirl 360
performer	Salvation Station is the second full-length studio album from Canadian CCM band Newworldson.	Salvation Station	Newworldson
performer	State of Survival is the second studio album from Flipsyde, and also the first (and only) album featuring the addition of Chantelle Paige.	State of Survival	Flipsyde
performer	Naomi's Solar Pumpkin is the first solo album by King's X guitarist Ty Tabor.	Naomi's Solar Pumpkin	Ty Tabor
performer	Periscope Life is the seventh album by the Dutch progressive rock band Kayak, originally released on LP in 1980.	Periscope Life	Kayak
performer	Slnečný kalendár (English: Sunny Calendar) is the third solo album by Slovak recording artist Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1982.	Slnečný kalendár	Marika Gombitová
performer	Wind's Poem is the name of the fourth full-length album by Mount Eerie.	Wind's Poem	Mount Eerie
performer	Xitintoday is a studio album released by Nik Turner's Sphynx in 1978.	Xitintoday	Nik Turner
performer	Seeing Eye Dog is the seventh studio album by the American alternative metal band Helmet, released on September 7, 2010 via Work Song, the label imprint shared by singer/songwriter Joe Henry and Helmet mainman Page Hamilton's manager.	Seeing Eye Dog	Helmet
performer	Dobro došli prijatelji (English: Welcome, Friends) is the sixth studio album by Bosnian folk singer Hanka Paldum.	Dobro došli prijatelji	Hanka Paldum
performer	Comin' On Strong is the sixth studio album from American country music singer Trace Adkins.	Comin' On Strong	Trace Adkins
performer	For the Family is a 1983 studio album by Canadian folk artist Stan Rogers.	For the Family	Stan Rogers
performer	Alive, She Cried is a live album by the American rock band The Doors; the title of the album is taken from a line in the song ``When the Music's Over''.	Alive, She Cried	The Doors
performer	The Balancing Act is a compilation album by indie rock band Cool Hand Luke.	The Balancing Act	Cool Hand Luke
performer	``Et je t'aime encore'' (meaning ``And I Still Love You'') is the second single from Celine Dion's album 1 fille & 4 types.	Et je t'aime encore	Celine Dion
performer	Man of Miracles is the fourth album by Styx, released in November 1974.	Man of Miracles	Styx
performer	Maniaxe is Ghoul's 2003 follow up to their debut album We Came for the Dead!!!, released by Razorback Records.	Maniaxe	Ghoul
performer	Dear God, I Hate Myself is the seventh studio album by American indie rock band Xiu Xiu released on February 23, 2010.	Dear God, I Hate Myself	Xiu Xiu
performer	``Hey My Friend'' is Tomoko Kawase's second single under Tommy Heavenly6, and the eight overall single from her solo career.	Hey My Friend	Tomoko Kawase
performer	No More the Fool is a 1986 album by Elkie Brooks.	No More the Fool	Elkie Brooks
performer	``They Reminisce Over You (T.R.O.Y.)'' is a song by Pete Rock & CL Smooth, inspired by the death of their close friend Troy Dixon (better known as ``Trouble'' T. Roy of Heavy D & the Boyz) in 1990.	They Reminisce Over You (T.R.O.Y.)	Pete Rock & CL Smooth
performer	Desde Andalucía (English: From Andalusia) is a studio album by Spanish singer Isabel Pantoja released in 1988.	Desde Andalucía	Isabel Pantoja
performer	Commit This to Memory is the second studio album by American rock band Motion City Soundtrack.	Commit This to Memory	Motion City Soundtrack
performer	New Old Friends is the third album by the indie rock band Dolour.	New Old Friends	Dolour
performer	VRIL is the sixth official album by SCH.	VRIL	SCH
performer	``In the Future When All's Well'' was the third single from the album Ringleader of the Tormentors by Morrissey.	In the Future When All's Well	Morrissey
performer	The Imaginary Direction of Time is the second full-length album by Norwegian progressive metal band Winds.	The Imaginary Direction of Time	Winds
performer	Ich halt zu Dir (I Stick To You) is the twelfth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.	Ich halt zu Dir	Die Flippers
performer	Destroy Erase Improve is the second full-length album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah.	Destroy Erase Improve	Meshuggah
performer	``In My Chair'' is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 1970.	In My Chair	Status Quo
performer	``Can't Tell Me Nothing'' is a song by American hip-hop recording artist Kanye West.	Can't Tell Me Nothing	Kanye West
performer	Someplace Else Now is a 1972 album by American singer Lesley Gore and is her eighth studio album.	Someplace Else Now	Lesley Gore
performer	``Nadurveni vuglishta'' (Bulgarian: Надървени въглища, (nɑdərˈvɛni vəˈɡlɪʃtə)) is the fourth album by the Bulgarian rock band Hipodil, released in 1998 under the Riva Sound label, the band's fourth with the company.	Nadurveni vuglishta	Hipodil
performer	Armageddon Through Your Speakers is the major label debut of rock band Bionic Jive.	Armageddon Through Your Speakers	Bionic Jive
performer	På lugnare vatten is a 1990 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna.	På lugnare vatten	Kikki Danielsson
performer	``If I Said You Had a Beautiful Body Would You Hold It Against Me'' is a song written by David Bellamy, and recorded by American country music duo The Bellamy Brothers.	If I Said You Had a Beautiful Body Would You Hold It Against Me	The Bellamy Brothers
performer	``Juke Box Hero'' is a song written by Lou Gramm and Mick Jones and performed by their band Foreigner, from their 7x Platinum 1981 album 4.	Juke Box Hero	Foreigner
performer	``Dogs Are Everywhere'' in a non-album single released by British band Pulp in 1986.	Dogs Are Everywhere	Pulp
performer	Save His Soul is the third studio album by American jam band Blues Traveler, released on April 6, 1993 (see 1993 in music).	Save His Soul	Blues Traveler
performer	First Come, First Served is the third studio album by American emcee and Ultramagnetic MCs member Kool Keith, who released the album under the alias Dr. Dooom.	First Come, First Served	Kool Keith
performer	``If I Told You That'' is a 2000 duet by American singer Whitney Houston and British singer George Michael.	If I Told You That	Whitney Houston	George Michael
performer	``Guarded'' is a song by the American heavy metal band Disturbed.	Guarded	Disturbed
performer	Dizzy's Party is an album by Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1976 and released on the Pablo label.	Dizzy's Party	Dizzy Gillespie
performer	Where the Ancestors' Souls Gathered is the first studio album by Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic, released in 1999.	Where the Ancestors' Souls Gathered	Chthonic
performer	Stomp 442 is the seventh studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax.	Stomp 442	Anthrax
performer	Time & Pressure is the debut studio album by American rock band Devour the Day, which consists of former Egypt Central members Joey Walser and Blake Allison.	Time & Pressure	Devour the Day
performer	``Emena Thes'' (Greek: ``Εμένα Θες''; English: I am the one you want) is the second single by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas from his 13th studio album Parafora.	Emena Thes	Sakis Rouvas
performer	Secrets of Astrology, released in 2000, is the fifth album, but the fourth studio recorded album, by symphonic rock vocalist, Lana Lane.	Secrets of Astrology	Lana Lane
performer	Demasiado tarde (Spanish: Too late) is the eleventh studio album by the Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz.	Demasiado tarde	Pablo Ruiz
performer	Macabre Sunsets is the second album by the Greek death metal band Nightfall.	Macabre Sunsets	Nightfall
performer	``Scherbenmeer'' is the fourth single off Christina Stürmer's fourth album, Lebe Lauter.	Scherbenmeer	Christina Stürmer
performer	The Frozen Tears of Angels is the eighth album studio by the Italian symphonic power metal band Rhapsody of Fire.	The Frozen Tears of Angels	Rhapsody of Fire
performer	Meds is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock band Placebo.	Meds	Placebo
performer	``World in Motion'' is a song by British musical group New Order (credited as England New Order).	World in Motion	New Order
performer	The Big Dream is the second studio album by the American film director and musician David Lynch, released on July 10, 2013.	The Big Dream	David Lynch
performer	Allegria is the debut studio album by the Gipsy Kings, released in 1982 in Europe.	Allegria	Gipsy Kings
performer	Coming Home Now is the sixth single from Irish Boyband Boyzone, taken from their debut album, Said and Done.	Coming Home Now	Boyzone
performer	``Math Suks'' is a song by Jimmy Buffett, from the album Beach House on the Moon (1999).	Math Suks	Jimmy Buffett
performer	``To Her Door'' was the first single released by Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls ahead of their second album, Under the Sun (released in North America and Europe as by Paul Kelly and the Messengers).	To Her Door	Paul Kelly
performer	Beyond the Valley of the Gift Police is the fourth spoken word album by Jello Biafra.	Beyond the Valley of the Gift Police	Jello Biafra
performer	Værsgo is the debut album of Kim Larsen who formed Gasolin' in 1969 with Wili Jønsson and Franz Beckerlee.	Værsgo	Kim Larsen
performer	Last Secrets is the final album by indie rock band The Like Young.	Last Secrets	The Like Young
performer	Father Music, Mother Dance is an album by American violinist and composer Michael White featuring performances recorded in 1974 and released on the Impulse! label.	Father Music, Mother Dance	Michael White
performer	Sredinom (trans. Through the middle) is the eight studio album of Bosnian musician Dino Merlin, third of him as a solo artist.	Sredinom	Dino Merlin
performer	Our Kid Eh is the second album from the spoof band The Shirehorses, comprising two BBC Radio 1 DJs, Mark Radcliffe and Marc Riley (a.k.a. Mark and Lard).	Our Kid Eh	Shirehorses
performer	``Fill Us with Fire'' is a single by English synthpop duo Erasure, released as the third single from their 2011 album Tomorrow's World.	Fill Us with Fire	Erasure
performer	Ha'Or Ve'HaTzel (Hebrew: האור והצל‎ - The Light and the Shadow) is the second album by the Israeli rapper Subliminal, in collaboration with another Israeli rapper - The Shadow.	Ha'Or Ve'HaTzel	Subliminal
performer	``Johnny Come Home'' was the debut single release by British band Fine Young Cannibals, taken from their debut album Fine Young Cannibals.	Johnny Come Home	Fine Young Cannibals
performer	``Fast Boy/Liquid Lips'' was a double-A-side single, released by The Bluetones from their fourth album, 2003's Luxembourg.	Fast Boy/Liquid Lips	The Bluetones
performer	Piano á la Mode is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston which was recorded in 1957 and released on the Jubilee label.	Piano á la Mode	Randy Weston
performer	Local Angel is the fourth solo album by desert rocker Brant Bjork.	Local Angel	Brant Bjork
performer	``Ég á líf'' (I Have a Life) is the Icelandic entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö and is performed by singer Eyþór Ingi Gunnlaugsson after he won Söngvakeppnin 2013.	Ég á líf	Eyþór Ingi Gunnlaugsson
performer	Colour of My Soul is the second studio album released by Full Flava, which is the brainchild of a group of two writers and musicians based in Birmingham - Rob Derbyshire and Paul 'Solomon' Mullings, assisted by back-up vocalist Tee.	Colour of My Soul	Full Flava
performer	All of My Mind is the first album of Japanese singer Kōji Wada.	All of My Mind	Kōji Wada
performer	Extra-Capsular Extraction is the first official release by the drone doom band Earth.	Extra-Capsular Extraction	Earth
performer	``Someone Else Not Me'' is the 30th single by Duran Duran, and the only single from the album Pop Trash.	Someone Else Not Me	Duran Duran
performer	Flight of the Behemoth is the second album by Sunn O))).	Flight of the Behemoth	Sunn
performer	Suffer Time is an album by country music singer, Dottie West, released in 1966.	Suffer Time	Dottie West
performer	``Pretty Boy Swag'' is a song by American rapper Soulja Boy, released as the first single from his third studio album The DeAndre Way (2010).	Pretty Boy Swag	Soulja Boy
performer	Are You Ready for the Country is an album by Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Victor in 1976.	Are You Ready for the Country	Waylon Jennings
performer	``You Don't Know What Love Is (You Just Do as You're Told)'' is a song written and recorded by the American alternative rock band The White Stripes.	You Don't Know What Love Is (You Just Do as You're Told)	The White Stripes
performer	``Rough Landing, Holly'' is a song by the American pop punk band Yellowcard.	Rough Landing, Holly	Yellowcard
performer	Richter 858 is an album by Bill Frisell of improvised music inspired by the paintings of German artist Gerhard Richter and performed by Frisell, Eyvind Kang, Jenny Scheinman and Hank Roberts.	Richter 858	Bill Frisell
performer	L.E.F. (short for Loud, Electronic, Ferocious) is a dance and electro album released by Ferry Corsten in May 2006.	L.E.F.	Ferry Corsten
performer	``It Would Take a Strong Strong Man'' is a song written by Stock Aitken Waterman for Rick Astley's multi-million-selling debut album Whenever You Need Somebody.	It Would Take a Strong Strong Man	Rick Astley
performer	``Consolation Prizes'' is a song by French rock band Phoenix and is featured on their third studio album, It's Never Been Like That.	Consolation Prizes	Phoenix
performer	``Not Such an Innocent Girl'' is a song by British singer-songwriter, Victoria Beckham.	Not Such an Innocent Girl	Victoria Beckham
performer	``Even the Nights Are Better'' is the title of a popular song from 1982 (see 1982 in music) by the Australian soft rock group Air Supply.	Even the Nights Are Better	Air Supply
performer	``Lakini's Juice'' is a song by alternative rock group Live, which was released as the first single from their 1997 album, Secret Samadhi.	Lakini's Juice	Live
performer	``Kisses Down Low'' is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Kelly Rowland and is the first single from her fourth studio album Talk a Good Game.	Kisses Down Low	Kelly Rowland
performer	``Twilight World'' is a song by the British pop act Swing Out Sister.	Twilight World	Swing Out Sister
performer	My Baby Don't Slow Dance is a song written by Bill Lamb and Peter Wood, and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Lee.	My Baby Don't Slow Dance	Johnny Lee
performer	``Drive On'' is a 1989 single by British boy band / pop group Brother Beyond, taken from their second album, Trust.	Drive On	Brother Beyond
performer	``Better with the Lights Off'' is a song written and recorded by American hip hop duo New Boyz and R&B singer Chris Brown, taken from New Boyz' second studio album, Too Cool To Care.	Better with the Lights Off	New Boyz	Chris Brown
performer	Possum Head is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Argo label in 1964 and performed by Donaldson with Bill Hardman, Big John Patton, Ray Crawford, Ben Dixon, and Cleopas Morris.	Possum Head	Lou Donaldson
performer	``Ain't Nobody Better'' is a song by American house/techno group Inner City.	Ain't Nobody Better	Inner City
performer	Same Oul' Town is the third studio album by Irish rock band The Saw Doctors.	Same Oul' Town	The Saw Doctors
performer	``Pimedam pool'' (Darker side) is a song by Estonian rock band Smilers.	Pimedam pool	Smilers
performer	``Driver 8'' was the second single from R.E.M.'s third album, Fables of the Reconstruction.	Driver 8	R.E.M.
performer	Get Some Go Again Sessions is a 2005 double album by the Rollins Band, although on this release it is credited to Henry Rollins & Mother Superior.	Get Some Go Again Sessions	Rollins Band
performer	Van Gogh by Numbers is an album featuring Joe Locke and Christos Rafalides on vibraphone and marimba, respectively.	Van Gogh by Numbers	Joe Locke
performer	No Roots is the fourth album by British electronic music act Faithless, released in 2004.	No Roots	Faithless
performer	``If It Feels Good Do It'' is the first single from Canadian rock band Sloan's sixth studio album, Pretty Together.	If It Feels Good Do It	Sloan
performer	Back for the First Time is the second studio album and major label debut by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris.	Back for the First Time	Ludacris
performer	Can We Go Back is a song written by Adam Watts, Andy Dodd and Shanna Crooks and recorded by Kelly Clarkson during the sessions for her 2009 album, All I Ever Wanted.	Can We Go Back	Kelly Clarkson
performer	Toward the Margins is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 1996 and released on the ECM New Series label.	Toward the Margins	Evan Parker
performer	Discouraged Ones (stylized discøuraged ønes) is the third full-length album by Katatonia.	Discouraged Ones	Katatonia
performer	``Freiflug'' (German for 'Free Flight') is the fourth single from the German metal band Megaherz, and the third and final single from their album Kopfschuss.	Freiflug	Megaherz
performer	Pain Necessary to Know is the third studio album by the Italian avant-garde metal band Ephel Duath.	Pain Necessary to Know	Ephel Duath
performer	La Mujer Shirley Bassey canta en Español (The Woman - Shirley Bassey sings in Spanish), is a Shirley Bassey studio album recorded in Spanish.	La Mujer	Shirley Bassey
performer	On January 22 1965 MGM Record's top vocalist Connie Francis -- whose Italian heritage was a key component of her public persona -- cut ``Forget Domani'' in a Hollywood CA recording session produced by Danny Davis: the arranger was Don Costa.	Forget Domani	Connie Francis
performer	The Devil His Due is the debut solo album by Chris Randall, former frontman for Sister Machine Gun.	The Devil His Due	Chris Randall
performer	``American Bad Ass'' is a rap metal song by the American musician Kid Rock, released from his 2000 album The History of Rock.	American Bad Ass	Kid Rock
performer	The Supersonic Storybook is the third album by American alternative rock group Urge Overkill.	The Supersonic Storybook	Urge Overkill
performer	Sticky Fingers is the ninth British and 11th American studio album by the English rock band The Rolling Stones, released in April 1971.	Sticky Fingers	The Rolling Stones
performer	Prior to the Fire is the second studio album by Canadian hard rock group Priestess.	Prior to the Fire	Priestess
performer	Sol Niger Within is the first release by Fredrik Thordendal's Special Defects, a side project of Meshuggah guitarist Fredrik Thordendal.	Sol Niger Within	Fredrik Thordendal
performer	``Tonight She Comes'' is a 1985 song by American rock band The Cars, from their Greatest Hits album.	Tonight She Comes	The Cars
performer	Greatest Remix Hits 2 is a remix album by Australian pop--dance singer Kylie Minogue.	Greatest Remix Hits 2	Kylie Minogue
performer	``Holdin' Heaven'' is a song written by Bill Kenner and Thom McHugh, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Byrd that reached the top of the Billboard, giving Byrd his first Number One single.	Holdin' Heaven	Tracy Byrd
performer	``It's All About You (Not About Me)'' is the first single from Tracie Spencer's third album, Tracie.	It's All About You (Not About Me)	Tracie Spencer
performer	``Cuando Respiro En Tu Boca'' (When I Breath in Your Mouth) is an alternative rock song by Chilean rock band Lucybell.	Cuando Respiro En Tu Boca	Lucybell
performer	``Southern Girls'' is a song written by Rick Nielsen and Tom Petersson that was first released by Cheap Trick on their 1977 album In Color, produced by Tom Werman.	Southern Girls	Cheap Trick
performer	Al Posto del Mondo (The Place of the World) is Italian jazz vocalist Chiara Civello's fourth album and the first album recorded and produced entirely by Chiara in Italy.	Al Posto del Mondo	Chiara Civello
performer	Lap of Luxury is the tenth studio album by American band Cheap Trick.	Lap of Luxury	Cheap Trick
performer	The Reason Why I'm Talking S--t is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1975 and released on the Atlantic label.	The Reason Why I'm Talking S--t	Eddie Harris
performer	Dance to the Duke! is an album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Capitol label in 1953.	Dance to the Duke!	Duke Ellington
performer	``Cash in My Pocket''is a 2008 single from British grime artist Wiley, which features guest vocals from Daniel Merriweather and was produced by Mark Ronson.	Cash in My Pocket	Wiley	Daniel Merriweather
performer	Broadcast to the World is the sixth studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.	Broadcast to the World	Zebrahead
performer	Performance (Quartet) 1979 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in Switzerland in 1979 and released on the hatART label.	Performance (Quartet) 1979	Anthony Braxton
performer	Clan Destiny is the nineteenth album from rock band Wishbone Ash.	Clan Destiny	Wishbone Ash
performer	``Love & Pride'' is the debut single by Coventry band King, produced by Richard James Burgess from their first studio album Steps in Time (1984).	Love & Pride	King
performer	The Rise of Brutality is the third album by American metalcore band Hatebreed.	The Rise of Brutality	Hatebreed
performer	Bass Desires is a 1985 studio album by jazz bassist Marc Johnson released on the ECM label.	Bass Desires	Marc Johnson
performer	``She Drives Me Crazy'' is a song recorded by English group Fine Young Cannibals, included on their 1988 album The Raw & the Cooked.	She Drives Me Crazy	Fine Young Cannibals
performer	``I Go Ape'' is the second single by Neil Sedaka, immediately following his success with the debut single ``The Diary'', and was written by Sedaka himself and Howard Greenfield.	I Go Ape	Neil Sedaka
performer	``Jammin' Me'' is the first single from Let Me Up (I've Had Enough), an 1987 album by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.	Jammin' Me	Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
performer	Walking with the Beggar Boys is the 2004 release by indie rock band Elf Power.	Walking with the Beggar Boys	Elf Power
performer	``Halfcrazy'' is a song performed by Musiq Soulchild (then credited as Musiq), issued as the lead single from his second studio album Juslisen.	Halfcrazy	Musiq Soulchild
performer	Standing in the Spotlight is the first solo studio album by Dee Dee Ramone released in 1989, under the rap moniker Dee Dee King.	Standing in the Spotlight	Dee Dee Ramone
performer	Charcoal Charlie, is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1986.	Charcoal Charlie	Pablove Black
performer	``Sun Is Shining'' is a song by Bob Marley & The Wailers first appearing on the Lee Perry-produced album Soul Revolution in 1971, and then on African Herbsman in 1973.	Sun Is Shining	Bob Marley
performer	``F.U.R.B. (Fuck You Right Back)'' (censored on the single art and publicly as ``F.U.R.B. (F U Right Back)'') is a song by American pop/R&B singer Frankee from her debut studio album, The Good, the Bad, the Ugly.	F.U.R.B. (Fuck You Right Back)	Frankee
performer	``Mystery Game'' is a single by Irish group Clannad.	Mystery Game	Clannad
performer	''''Over Bjoergvin graater himmerik is the second full-length album from Norwegian black metal band Taake.	Over Bjoergvin graater himmerik	Taake
performer	A Different Kind of Tension is the third studio album by English pop punk band Buzzcocks.	A Different Kind of Tension	Buzzcocks
performer	``The Day That Never Comes'' is a song by heavy metal band Metallica, and the lead single from their ninth studio album, Death Magnetic.	The Day That Never Comes	Metallica
performer	The Blessed Unrest is the fourth studio album and third major-label album by American singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles.	The Blessed Unrest	Sara Bareilles
performer	``Pretty Penny'' is a 1995 promo single from Stone Temple Pilots' 1994 album Purple.	Pretty Penny	Stone Temple Pilots
performer	``The Sound of San Francisco'' (or ``San Francisco Dreaming''') is a song by the Austrian house group Global Deejays.	The Sound of San Francisco	Global Deejays
performer	Hail Destroyer is Cancer Bats' second full-length album.	Hail Destroyer	Cancer Bats
performer	``Crying Out Your Name'' is a song performed by Swedish pop singer and music producer Loreen, it was released as the fourth single from her debut studio album Heal (2012).	Crying Out Your Name	Loreen
performer	Late for the Sky is the third album by American singer--songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1974 (see 1974 in music).	Late for the Sky	Jackson Browne
performer	The Nubians of Plutonia is an album recorded by Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra c.1958 - 1959 and released c.1966 on his own Saturn label.	The Nubians of Plutonia	Sun Ra
performer	Everyone Deserves Music is the fourth studio release by Michael Franti & Spearhead.	Everyone Deserves Music	Michael Franti
performer	Perto de Deus (in English: ``Near God'') is an album of Brazilian reggae band Cidade Negra, released in 2004.	Perto de Deus	Cidade Negra
performer	Run to Be Born is the title of Walking Concert's debut album which was released on September 7, 2004.	Run to Be Born	Walking Concert
performer	Prison of Desire is the debut album by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever.	Prison of Desire	After Forever
performer	L'Homme de la Mancha (English: The man of la Mancha) is Jacques Brel's eleventh studio album.	L'Homme de la Mancha	Jacques Brel
performer	Kissanelämää is the third solo studio album by a Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo.	Kissanelämää	Aki Sirkesalo
performer	Live at Grimey's is a live album by the American heavy metal band Metallica.	Live at Grimey's	Metallica
performer	Blask Szminki (Polish for glitter of a lipstick) is an album released by Polish punk rock band The Analogs.	Blask Szminki	The Analogs
performer	Mad, Bad and Dangerous is the second album released by the late-80s hard rock band Blue Tears.	Mad, Bad and Dangerous	Blue Tears
performer	Hey Trouble is the third studio album by The Concretes, and their first after the departure of lead vocalist Victoria Bergsman.	Hey Trouble	The Concretes
performer	Coming of Rage is the third album by the Pittsburgh heavy rock band Motorpsychos.	Coming of Rage	Motorpsychos
performer	Keep No Score is second full-length album by alternative rock band Sleeping at Last.	Keep No Score	Sleeping at Last
performer	Terroreign (Apocalyptic Armageddon Command) is the sixth studio album by Singaporean black metal band Impiety, released in 2009 through Agonia Records.	Terroreign (Apocalyptic Armageddon Command)	Impiety
performer	``What U Do 2 Me'' is a song by Boomkat, released as the second and final single taken from their debut album Boomkatalog.One (2003).	What U Do 2 Me	Boomkat
performer	``Desde Cuándo'' (English: Since When) is a song by Spanish singer Alejandro Sanz.	Desde Cuándo	Alejandro Sanz
performer	I Only Wanted You is the sixth solo studio album released by American country music singer, Marie Osmond.	I Only Wanted You	Marie Osmond
performer	Lord of the Birdcage is the 16th full-length solo studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard since 1996.	Lord of the Birdcage	Robert Pollard
performer	Peat Fire Flame is an album recorded in 1977 by The Corries, a Scottish folk group.	Peat Fire Flame	The Corries
performer	``What About the Love'' is a song written by Kye Fleming & Janis Ian and released as a 1988 single by Christian music singer Amy Grant.	What About the Love	Amy Grant
performer	``So Much Love to Give'' is a 2002 single released by French house duo Together, consisting of Thomas Bangalter and DJ Falcon.	So Much Love to Give	Together
performer	Wingless Angels is an album released in 1975 and it is the eighth album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio.	Wingless Angels	John Stewart
performer	Jessica Fletcher (born Jessica Beatrice MacGill, known as J.B. Fletcher when writing) is a character and the protagonist portrayed by veteran Tony-winning actress Angela Lansbury on the American television series Murder, She Wrote.	Jessica Fletcher	Angela Lansbury
performer	Songs of Mass Destruction is the fourth studio album by Annie Lennox, released on 1 October 2007.	Songs of Mass Destruction	Annie Lennox
performer	``Lean On'' is a song recorded by American/British/Jamaican electronic music group Major Lazer and French producer DJ Snake, taken from the former's third studio album, Peace Is the Mission (2015), featuring vocals from Danish singer MØ.	Lean On	Major Lazer	DJ Snake	MØ
performer	Discolized is the debut album from the Danish House DJ and producer Kato in collaboration with a number of DJs and vocal artists.	Discolized	Kato
performer	Crush Tonight is the lead single taken from Fat Joe's 2002 album Loyalty.	Crush Tonight	Fat Joe
performer	Produced by N.O. Joe, ``Among the Walking Dead'' featured an uncredited guest appearance by Scarface's group, Facemob.	Among the Walking Dead	Facemob
performer	``Take My Heart (You Can Have It If You Want It)'' is a 1981 single by Kool & the Gang from their album, Something Special.	Take My Heart (You Can Have It If You Want It)	Kool & the Gang
performer	``Dear Prudence'' is a song by the English rock group the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles (also known as ``the White Album'').	Dear Prudence	The Beatles
performer	Inner Revolution is the sixth solo album by Adrian Belew, originally released in 1992.	Inner Revolution	Adrian Belew
performer	``Baby Sister'' is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson, the final taken from her fourth album Imagination.	Baby Sister	La Toya Jackson
performer	``Foxy Foxy'' is the first promotional single off Rob Zombie's third solo album Educated Horses.	Foxy Foxy	Rob Zombie
performer	``Real Muthaphuckkin G's'' (alternatively ``Real Compton City G's'') is a 1993 song by West Coast rapper Eazy-E from his album It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa.	Real Muthaphuckkin G's	Eazy-E
performer	The 2004 album You Are Under Surveillance is the second full-length album from the noise rock band, Replicator.	You Are Under Surveillance	Replicator
performer	``Kiss from a Rose'' is a song from Seal's second eponymous album.	Kiss from a Rose	Seal
performer	``Stand Up for Your Love Rights'' is a 1988 single performed by Yazz.	Stand Up for Your Love Rights	Yazz
performer	Fancy Chamber Music is an album by American composer, bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with a chamber ensemble recorded in England in 1997 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1998.	Fancy Chamber Music	Carla Bley
performer	``Sacred Trust / After You're Gone'' is the debut double-A side single by One True Voice.	Sacred Trust / After You're Gone	One True Voice
performer	``Luv 4 Dem Gangsta'z'', also known as Luv 4 Dem G'z, is a single by Eazy-E from the Beverly Hills Cop III soundtrack, the single was later included on the Eazy-E's compilation, Featuring...	Luv 4 Dem Gangsta'z	Eazy-E
performer	Shimaliw' Osatana is the debut album by Namibian kwaito master The Dogg, released in February 2004 through RC-Ghetto Records.	Shimaliw' Osatana	The Dogg
performer	``Agua y Sal'' (Italian: ``Acqua E Sale'') (English: Salt and Water) is a song written by Gianni Donzelli, Vincenzo Leomporro and Samuel Cerri, produced by Massimiliano Pani, and recorded by Italian singer Mina and Adriano Celentano in 1998 for the album Mina/Celentano .	Agua y Sal	Mina
performer	``No Panties'' is an R&B-Hip hop song written by American female rappers Trina, and Missy ``Misdemeanor'' Elliott for Trina's second studio album, Diamond Princess.	No Panties	Trina
performer	The Power to Believe is the thirteenth studio album by the band King Crimson released in 2003, a companion to the preceding mini-album Happy With What You Have to Be Happy With (2002).	The Power to Believe	King Crimson
performer	Beyond the Notes is a studio album by former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord, released in 2004.	Beyond the Notes	Jon Lord
performer	Love & Gravity is the third studio album released by the American country music group Blackhawk.	Love & Gravity	Blackhawk
performer	El Mariel is the second studio album by Cuban-American rapper Pitbull.	El Mariel	Pitbull
performer	``Lost in the Echo'' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park, from their fifth studio album Living Things.	Lost in the Echo	Linkin Park
performer	Harris Ryland is a character in the American television series Dallas, played by Mitch Pileggi.	Harris Ryland	Mitch Pileggi
performer	Here Comes the Rumour Mill is a song by English indie rock band Young Knives and is featured on their debut album, Voices of Animals and Men.	Here Comes the Rumour Mill	Young Knives
performer	Nasıl Delirdim? (How Did I Go Mad?) is the fifth studio album by Turkish singer-songwriter Hande Yener, released on May 15, 2007 by Erol Köse Exclusive.	Nasıl Delirdim?	Hande Yener
performer	``On the Wings of a Nightingale'' is a song written and composed by Paul McCartney and recorded by the Everly Brothers in 1984 for their album EB 84, which Dave Edmunds produced.	On the Wings of a Nightingale	Everly Brothers
performer	The Abbey Road Sessions/The Walk is an album released by contemporary Christian music singer Steven Curtis Chapman.	The Abbey Road Sessions/The Walk	Steven Curtis Chapman
performer	La République des Meteors (The Republic of Meteors) is the eleventh studio album by French band Indochine.	La République des Meteors	Indochine
performer	Balkansko a naše (roughly translated as From Balkans, But Ours) is the fourth solo, studio album by Bosnian rapper Edo Maajka, released on 25 March 2008.	Balkansko a naše	Edo Maajka
performer	Falling in Between Live is the fourth live album by American band Toto, released in 2007.	Falling in Between Live	Toto
performer	``Soul Inspiration'' is a 1990 song by American recording artist Anita Baker.	Soul Inspiration	Anita Baker
performer	``Blood on Our Hands'' was the second single from Death from Above 1979's album You're a Woman, I'm a Machine.	Blood on Our Hands	Death from Above 1979
performer	Ghetto, Gutter & Gangsta is the sixth album by the American gangsta rapper Mack 10.	Ghetto, Gutter & Gangsta	Mack 10
performer	Déjame Decir Que Te Amo is the debut album released in 1985 by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona.	Déjame Decir Que Te Amo	Ricardo Arjona
performer	Random Spirit Lover is Sunset Rubdown's third LP, released on October 9, 2007.	Random Spirit Lover	Sunset Rubdown
performer	``L'Americano'' is a song performed by five piece band The Gypsy Queens, featuring The Boys from Made in Chelsea, released on December 13, 2012 as a digital download in the United Kingdom on iTunes, peaking to number 53 on the UK Singles Chart.	L'Americano	The Gypsy Queens	Made in Chelsea
performer	``Armageddon It'' is a song by the English hard rock band Def Leppard from their 1987 album Hysteria.	Armageddon It	Def Leppard
performer	Ill Innocence is the second full album of the Japanese band Gallhammer.	Ill Innocence	Gallhammer
performer	``I Can't Stop Loving You (Though I Try)'' is a song written by Billy Nicholls and first released by Leo Sayer from his 1978 self-titled album on the Chrysalis label.	I Can't Stop Loving You (Though I Try)	Leo Sayer
performer	Entre Lunas (Between Moons) is an album, by Mexican pop singer Emmanuel (singer) was released in 1987.	Entre Lunas	Emmanuel
performer	``Caribbean Blue'' is a song by Irish musician Enya originally released as the second track on her 1991 album Shepherd Moons.	Caribbean Blue	Enya
performer	``Talking to You'' was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Jakob Sveistrup.	Talking to You	Jakob Sveistrup
performer	``Sitting in the Midday Sun'' is a song by British rock band The Kinks, written by their frontman and main songwriter Ray Davies.	Sitting in the Midday Sun	The Kinks
performer	``Ojalá Pudiera Borrarte'' is a song recorded and performed by Mexican Latin rock group Maná.	Ojalá Pudiera Borrarte	Maná
performer	Farover is the tenth albums by Grammy Award winning Jamaican roots reggae singer and musician Winston Rodney under the name of Burning Spear.	Farover	Burning Spear
performer	The Stillest Hour is the second studio album by former Australian Idol star Carl Riseley.	The Stillest Hour	Carl Riseley
performer	It's Not Killing Me is the debut solo album by American blues guitarist Mike Bloomfield and was released in 1969.	It's Not Killing Me	Mike Bloomfield
performer	USADSB is the second studio album by Danish rock band Nephew.	USADSB	Nephew
performer	Earthsick is an album by American alternative hip hop sextet Subtle.	Earthsick	Subtle
performer	17 Pine Avenue is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage.	17 Pine Avenue	New Riders of the Purple Sage
performer	Walking Cloud and Deep Red Sky, Flag Fluttered and the Sun Shined is an album by Mono, released in 2004.	Walking Cloud and Deep Red Sky, Flag Fluttered and the Sun Shined	Mono
performer	``All You Ever Knew'' is a metalcore song written and performed by American band Eyes Set to Kill.	All You Ever Knew	Eyes Set to Kill
performer	``Somewhere in the Vicinity of the Heart'' is a song written by Bill LaBounty and Rick Chudacoff, and recorded by American country music band Shenandoah with a guest vocal from bluegrass singer Alison Krauss.	Somewhere in the Vicinity of the Heart	Shenandoah	Alison Krauss
performer	Humanize Human is the fifth and final album by French metal band Massacra.	Humanize Human	Massacra
performer	``Give Me That'' is the first single by American rapper Webbie from his 2005 album Savage Life.	Give Me That	Webbie
performer	Spiritech is the third full-length studio album by the Australian progressive metal band, Alchemist.	Spiritech	Alchemist
performer	¡Megaton Shotblast! is the debut album by De Facto.	Megaton Shotblast	De Facto
performer	La mia risposta is Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini's fifth studio album, issued by CGD East West (Warner) Records in 1998.	La mia risposta	Laura Pausini
performer	Kinanda is the second studio album by Norwegian-Kenyan singer Stella Mwangi, released on June 10, 2011 in Norway.	Kinanda	Stella Mwangi
performer	Orquideas Susurrantes (In English: Whispering Orchids), is the second studio album by the Latin jazz Mexican singer Magos Herrera.	Orquideas Susurrantes	Magos Herrera
performer	Where I'm Coming From is a 1971 album by Stevie Wonder.	Where I'm Coming From	Stevie Wonder
performer	``Slave to Love'' is the first single released from Roxy Music singer Bryan Ferry's 1985 release, Boys and Girls.	Slave to Love	Bryan Ferry
performer	Only Sparrows is the third full length studio album by Australian singer/songwriter, poet and musician, Josh Pyke.	Only Sparrows	Josh Pyke
performer	Long Live Rock 'n' Roll is the third studio album released by the British hard rock band Rainbow, released in 1978, and the last to feature original lead vocalist Ronnie James Dio.	Long Live Rock 'n' Roll	Rainbow
performer	Guitar Song is a 2001 single release by Texas taken from their greatest hits album The Greatest Hits.	Guitar Song	Texas
performer	Storm Windows is the seventh album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine, released in 1980.	Storm Windows	John Prine
performer	Sings America is an album released by David Hasselhoff in 2004 (see 2004 in music).	Sings America	David Hasselhoff
performer	``Écris l'histoire'' is the debut and most successful single from French singer Grégory Lemarchal.	Écris l'histoire	Grégory Lemarchal
performer	Music for the Jilted Generation is the second studio album by English electronic dance music band The Prodigy.	Music for the Jilted Generation	The Prodigy
performer	Ben Bu Şarkıyı Sana Yazdım (I Wrote This Song for You) is the first album by Cem Adrian.	Ben Bu Şarkıyı Sana Yazdım	Cem Adrian
performer	Crystal Logic is an album released by Manilla Road in 1983 (and reissued in 2002).	Crystal Logic	Manilla Road
performer	Caterina Latin Album is an album from Caterina Valente.	Caterina Latin Album	Caterina Valente
performer	Slowly We Rot is the debut album by American death metal band Obituary.	Slowly We Rot	Obituary
performer	``Don't You Think It's Time?'' is the first single to be taken from Bob Evans' (aka Kevin Mitchell from Jebediah) second album Suburban Songbook.	Don't You Think It's Time?	Bob Evans
performer	Head Games is the third studio album by Anglo American rock band Foreigner, released in 1979.	Head Games	Foreigner
performer	Cat 'n' Mouse is an album by guitarist John Abercrombie with violinist Mark Feldman, bassist Marc Johnson, and drummer Joey Baron recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label	Cat 'n' Mouse	John Abercrombie
performer	Lewis II is the second album by the British neo-soul composer and multi-instrumentalist Lewis Taylor, released in 2000.	Lewis II	Lewis Taylor
performer	Broadway, Right Now! is a 1960 album by Mel Tormé and Margaret Whiting, arranged by Russell Garcia.	Broadway, Right Now!	Mel Tormé
performer	``Auld Lang Syne (The New Year's Anthem)'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her second Christmas album/thirteenth studio album, Merry Christmas II You (2010).	Auld Lang Syne (The New Year's Anthem)	Mariah Carey
performer	Their Satanic Majesties' Second Request is the fourth studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre.	Their Satanic Majesties' Second Request	The Brian Jonestown Massacre
performer	``Running Away'' is a single recorded by Hoobastank.	Running Away	Hoobastank
performer	Awaking the Centuries is the second full-length album by the German symphonic metal band Haggard.	Awaking the Centuries	Haggard
performer	``Thinking Out Loud'' is a song by English singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran, recorded for his second studio album, × (2014).	Thinking Out Loud	Ed Sheeran
performer	Nightmerica is the only studio album released by American punk band Love Equals Death.	Nightmerica	Love Equals Death
performer	Change of Pace is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Riverside label.	Change of Pace	Johnny Griffin
performer	``Hit the Freeway'' is a song by the American recording artist Toni Braxton, released as the lead-single from her fourth studio album, More Than a Woman (2002).	Hit the Freeway	Toni Braxton
performer	Irresistible Forces is an album by Jack DeJohnette's Special Edition, featuring Greg Osby, Gary Thomas, Mick Goodrick, Lonnie Plaxico and Naná Vasconcelos, recorded in 1987 and released on the MCA label.	Irresistible Forces	Jack DeJohnette
performer	Far Gone is the third studio album by Seattle Grunge band Love Battery, released in 1993, through Sub Pop. It received generally negative reviews from critics and fans, often described as a disappointment compared to their previous album, Dayglo.	Far Gone	Love Battery
performer	The Product of Pain is the second album for Houston rap artist Gemini.	The Product of Pain	Gemini
performer	The Big Zane Theory is the second album by rapper, Zane (Formerly Lil' Zane).	The Big Zane Theory	Lil' Zane
performer	Voyage d'une mélodie is a 2011 multilingual album by the French singer of Jewish Algerian origin Enrico Macias, after five years of absence due to the death of his wife.	Voyage d'une mélodie	Enrico Macias
performer	Wonderful, Glorious is the tenth studio album by American indie pop band Eels, released in 2013 by record labels Vagrant and E Works.	Wonderful, Glorious	Eels
performer	Otra Cosa (``Another Thing'') is the title of the fifth studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas, released worldwide on March 16, 2010.	Otra Cosa	Julieta Venegas
performer	``Somos de Calle'' (English: We're from the Street) is a promo single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Daddy Yankee, released for promotion of the 2008 film Talento de Barrio (see 2008 in film).	Somos de Calle	Daddy Yankee
performer	Selfish Machines is the second studio album from post-hardcore band Pierce the Veil, released by Equal Vision on June 22, 2010.	Selfish Machines	Pierce the Veil
performer	Box of Tricks is a compilation box set by Queen which was sold in England in 1992 for £50.	Box of Tricks	Queen
performer	Á fold eru túsund gudar is a studioalbum by the Faroese singer/songwriter Hanus G. Johansen.	Á fold eru túsund gudar	Hanus G. Johansen
performer	``Don't Cry for Pain'' is the second single released by Swedish pop rock singer Ana Johnsson, featured on her worldwide debut album The Way I Am.	Don't Cry for Pain	Ana Johnsson
performer	``Still Po Pimpin'' was the lead single from Do or Die's second album, Headz or Tailz.	Still Po Pimpin	Do or Die
performer	``Seven Seas Symphony'' is an instrumental composed by Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb, released on the Bee Gees album Odessa in March 1969.	Seven Seas Symphony	Bee Gees
performer	``What You Do (Bastard)'' is New Zealand band Stellar*'s second single, and their first single from their debut album Mix. The single includes two remixes of the title track.	What You Do (Bastard)	Stellar
performer	Sibling Revelry is the debut album by American progressive rock band The Flyin' Ryan Brothers, released in 1996.	Sibling Revelry	The Flyin' Ryan Brothers
performer	``A Good Heart'' is a single by Northern Irish singer Feargal Sharkey, from his self-titled album.	A Good Heart	Feargal Sharkey
performer	Fatal Portrait is the debut album by the heavy metal band King Diamond.	Fatal Portrait	King Diamond
performer	Whitechocolatespaceegg (or whitechocolatespaceegg as typeset on the cover art) is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Liz Phair, released in 1998 (See 1998 in music).	Whitechocolatespaceegg	Liz Phair
performer	The Groovy Sound of Music is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1964 and released on the RCA label which features jazz interpretations of tunes from the Broadway musical The Sound of Music written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II.	The Groovy Sound of Music	Gary Burton
performer	To the Secrets and Knowledge is the fourth studio album released by the Christian rock band Number One Gun.	To the Secrets and Knowledge	Number One Gun
performer	``We Cry'' is the debut single by Irish band The Script.	We Cry	The Script
performer	Fight the Feeling, released in 2002, is the fourth album by Luis Fonsi, and to date, the only one released in English.	Fight the Feeling	Luis Fonsi
performer	Let's Just Be is the sixth studio album by Joseph Arthur, and his first with his backing band The Lonely Astronauts.	Let's Just Be	Joseph Arthur
performer	``Thuli Thuli'' is a song from the 2010 Tamil feature film Paiyaa, composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.	Thuli Thuli	Yuvan Shankar Raja
performer	Herr Jimsons Äventyr (The adventures of Mr. Jimson) is the ninth and, as of as of 2007, latest studio album by Swedish pop music artist Mauro Scocco.	Herr Jimsons Äventyr	Mauro Scocco
performer	Slave of Kiss is the first EP released by Nana Kitade.	Slave of Kiss	Nana Kitade
performer	``Mind Playing Tricks on Me'' is a single by the Geto Boys, featured on their 1991 album We Can't Be Stopped.	Mind Playing Tricks on Me	Geto Boys
performer	Set in contemporary New York, the series features Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes and Lucy Liu as Dr. Joan Watson.	Sherlock Holmes	Jonny Lee Miller
performer	``En el muelle de San Blas'' (English: ``On the Wharf of San Blas'') is the fourth radio single and eighth track off of Maná's fifth studio album, Sueños Líquidos (1997).	En el muelle de San Blas	Maná
performer	Just Like the Fambly Cat is the fourth and final studio album by American indie rock band Grandaddy.	Just Like the Fambly Cat	Grandaddy
performer	Tiny Pictures is the second and final album from Canadian rock band Thornley.	Tiny Pictures	Thornley
performer	Microphone Champion is the second Studio album by Grime artist Skepta, released on 1 June 2009.	Microphone Champion	Skepta
performer	``Mr. Spaceman'' is a song by the American rock band The Byrds and was the third track on their 1966 album Fifth Dimension.	Mr. Spaceman	The Byrds
performer	``Upuan'' (lit. chair) is the first single of Filipino rapper Gloc-9, from his fourth album Matrikula.	Upuan	Gloc-9
performer	Strange Cousins from the West is the ninth full-length studio album by rock band Clutch.	Strange Cousins from the West	Clutch
performer	``What's the Ugliest Part of Your Body?'' is a song written by Frank Zappa and released on the Mothers of Invention album We're Only in It for the Money in 1968.	What's the Ugliest Part of Your Body?	Frank Zappa
performer	Our Live Album Is Better than Your Live Album is a 2-disc live album by ska-punk band Reel Big Fish composed of both an extended length Reel Big Fish live set list, and a DVD of a March 2006 live show that also includes documentary footage on the band.	Our Live Album Is Better than Your Live Album	Reel Big Fish
performer	``I'm Shipping Up to Boston'' is a song by American Celtic punk band Dropkick Murphys.	I'm Shipping Up to Boston	Dropkick Murphys
performer	Love at the Bottom of the Sea is the tenth studio album by American indie pop band The Magnetic Fields.	Love at the Bottom of the Sea	The Magnetic Fields
performer	Reflektor is the fourth studio album by the Canadian indie rock band Arcade Fire, released on October 28, 2013 on Merge Records.	Reflektor	Arcade Fire
performer	``All Out of Love'' is a pop ballad by the Australian soft rock duo Air Supply, released in 1980.	All Out of Love	Air Supply
performer	A Tribute to the Cathedral Quartet is a CD/DVD released by Christian gospel quartet Ernie Haase & Signature Sound.	A Tribute to the Cathedral Quartet	Ernie Haase & Signature Sound
performer	``Gettin' Jiggy wit It'' is a single by American actor and rapper Will Smith, released as the third cut from his debut solo album Big Willie Style (1997).	Gettin' Jiggy wit It	Will Smith
performer	Release Yourself is second album by Graham Central Station, released in 1974.	Release Yourself	Graham Central Station
performer	Somethin' Groovy! is a 1967 studio album by Peggy Lee.	Somethin' Groovy!	Peggy Lee
performer	Saltash Bells is a solo album by the English saxophonist John Surman, recorded in 2009 and released on the ECM label in 2012.	Saltash Bells	John Surman
performer	Floored is the second studio album by American rock band Sugar Ray, released on June 24, 1997.	Floored	Sugar Ray
performer	The Present is the eleventh album by The Moody Blues, released in 1983.	The Present	The Moody Blues
performer	Skitter on Take-Off is an album by Vic Chesnutt, the last of his albums released prior to his death, and his first on Vapor Records.	Skitter on Take-Off	Vic Chesnutt
performer	``Take Me Down'' is a song recorded by American country music band Alabama.	Take Me Down	Alabama
performer	``Rendez-Vu'' is a song by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx.	Rendez-Vu	Basement Jaxx
performer	The Latest is the sixteenth studio album by the American power pop band Cheap Trick.	The Latest	Cheap Trick
performer	Echo Passage is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Alio Die (Stefano Musso) and Vidna Obmana (Dirk Serries).	Echo Passage	Alio Die
performer	Vet du vad jag vet is a 1994 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna.	Vet du vad jag vet	Kikki Danielsson
performer	``Freunde'' (Friends) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Freunde	Die Toten Hosen
performer	Chase the Clouds is a 1991 album performed by Keedy, an American pop rock singer.	Chase the Clouds	Keedy
performer	In Lust We Trust is the second album by Swedish glam rock band The Ark, released on 26 August 2002.	In Lust We Trust	The Ark
performer	Nichts passiert (engl. Nothing happens) is the third studio album by German band Silbermond.	Nichts passiert	Silbermond
performer	``Something 'Bout Love'' is the official first single by singer-songwriter David Archuleta from his second pop album The Other Side of Down which was released on October 5, 2010.	Something 'Bout Love	David Archuleta
performer	Under the Angels is the tenth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke, released in 1996.	Under the Angels	Judie Tzuke
performer	Dopádromo (Drug-O-Rama) is the third album by Argentine rock group Babasónicos.	Dopádromo	Babasónicos
performer	Score to a New Beginning is the third studio album by the symphonic power metal band Fairyland.	Score to a New Beginning	Fairyland
performer	``A Fifth of Beethoven'' is a disco instrumental recorded by Walter Murphy and the Big Apple Band.	A Fifth of Beethoven	Walter Murphy
performer	Not That Kind is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Anastacia, released on June 16, 2000 by Epic Records.	Not That Kind	Anastacia
performer	Krigsman (Warrior) is the third album by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem, released in 1981.	Krigsman (Warrior)	Jerusalem
performer	Nový človek is the debut album by Majk Spirit released on November 11, 2011 on BeatBan Records.	Nový človek	Majk Spirit
performer	Sunken Treasures is the third release by Tempest.	Sunken Treasures	Tempest
performer	Still Fantasy (Chinese: 依然范特西; pinyin: Yī Rán Fàn Tè Xī) is the seventh studio album by Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou.	Still Fantasy	Jay Chou
performer	``One Bad Thing'' is a song written by Barry Gibb in 1969, with Maurice Gibb Re-recorded by Gibb for his debut solo LP The Kid's No Good.	One Bad Thing	Barry Gibb
performer	``We Deal in Dreams'' is a song by alternative rock group Live, which was released as the only single from their 2004 greatest hits album, Awake:	We Deal in Dreams	Live
performer	Released in 2000, Makin' Love Is Good for You is the thirty-eighth B. B. King studio album.	Makin' Love Is Good for You	B. B. King
performer	``En Bancarrota'' (``In Bankruptcy'') is a song written, performed and produced by Spanish singer-songwriter Braulio García.	En Bancarrota	Braulio García
performer	E-Bay Queen is the debut studio album recorded in English by Greek female synthpop duo Marsheaux.	E-Bay Queen	Marsheaux
performer	Waitin' for the Night is the third studio album from The Runaways released in 1977.	Waitin' for the Night	The Runaways
performer	``That Girl Could Sing'' is a hit single written and performed by Jackson Browne from his 1980 album Hold Out.	That Girl Could Sing	Jackson Browne
performer	``Meet Virginia'' is a song written and recorded by American pop rock band Train.	Meet Virginia	Train
performer	Hot Rail is the third studio album of Arizona indie rock band Calexico.	Hot Rail	Calexico
performer	One Night in Japan is an unofficial live album by American recording artist Michael Jackson.	One Night in Japan	Michael Jackson
performer	``Wearing My Rolex'' is a 2008 single from British grime artist Wiley who is a founding member of the Roll Deep crew.	Wearing My Rolex	Wiley
performer	``Little Jeannie'' (spelled ``Little Jeanie'' on the cover of the single) is a song by Elton John and Gary Osborne, recorded by John and released as a single in 1980 from John's album 21 at 33.	Little Jeannie	Elton John
performer	``Life Is Better with You'' is the fourth single by Eskimo Joe, taken from their second studio album A Song Is a City.	Life Is Better with You	Eskimo Joe
performer	The Lost Chords find Paolo Fresu is an album by American composer, bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with Andy Sheppard, Steve Swallow, and Billy Drummond and Paolo Fresu recorded in Europe in 2007 and released on the Watt/ECM label.	The Lost Chords find Paolo Fresu	Carla Bley
performer	``Our Lips Are Sealed'' is a song written by The Go-Go's guitarist Jane Wiedlin and The Specials and Fun Boy Three singer Terry Hall.	Our Lips Are Sealed	The Go-Go
performer	``A Lovely Day Tomorrow'' was a one-off single from British Sea Power, only released to shops in the Czech Republic but available at certain shows and via mail order in the United Kingdom.	A Lovely Day Tomorrow	British Sea Power
performer	Scourge of Malice is the third studio album by the Melodic death metal band Graveworm, released in 2001 through Last Episode.	Scourge of Malice	Graveworm
performer	Here Are the Young Moderns, released on January 9, 1998, was Kill Hannah's debut album under their current name, and has been out of print for some time.	Here Are the Young Moderns	Kill Hannah
performer	``So Cruel'' is a song by rock band U2.	So Cruel	U2
performer	Talkin' & Walkin' is an album by pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1955 and originally released on the Jazz:	Talkin' & Walkin'	Kenny Drew
performer	The Changing Same is the third studio album to be released by Japanese singer Ken Hirai.	The Changing Same	Ken Hirai
performer	``Follow the Nightingale'' is a song by Kokia, released as her 18th single on November 21, 2007.	Follow the Nightingale	Kokia
performer	Deer Wan is an album by Kenny Wheeler featuring performances by Wheeler with Jan Garbarek, John Abercrombie, Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette with Ralph Towner appearing on one track.	Deer Wan	Kenny Wheeler
performer	Tell Me I'm Not Dreaming is a song by Welsh classical singer Katherine Jenkins, released as the first single from the platinum edition of her seventh studio album Believe, and sixth single from the album as a whole.	Tell Me I'm Not Dreaming	Katherine Jenkins
performer	3.6.3 is the fifth live album by French new wave band Indochine.	3.6.3	Indochine
performer	Now I'm a Cowboy is the 1994 second album by British alternative rock band The Auteurs.	Now I'm a Cowboy	The Auteurs
performer	Big Moon Ritual is the debut studio album by American blues rock band Chris Robinson Brotherhood.	Big Moon Ritual	Chris Robinson Brotherhood
performer	``The Boy Does Nothing'' is a song performed by English singer-songwriter Alesha Dixon.	The Boy Does Nothing	Alesha Dixon
performer	Carolina County Ball was the second album by the rock band Elf, released as an LP in 1974 on the MGM label.	Carolina County Ball	Elf
performer	The second version of ``The Wheel of Hurt'' was by the American performer Margaret Whiting, a noted singer who had over 40 charting hit singles in the U.S. between 1946 and 1954.	The Wheel of Hurt	Margaret Whiting
performer	``Sex Me'' is the first solo single released by R&B singer R. Kelly, released as the first single from his solo debut album, 12 Play.	Sex Me	R. Kelly
performer	``Baby Scratch My Back'' is a 1966 R&B song by blues singer, Slim Harpo.	Baby Scratch My Back	Slim Harpo
performer	Giant Box is a double album by American arranger/conductor and composer Don Sebesky featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the CTI label.	Giant Box	Don Sebesky
performer	In Swings the Tide is the third studio album by New Zealand Pop recording artist Anika Moa.	In Swings the Tide	Anika Moa
performer	Good Bad Not Evil is the fourth studio album by garage rock band Black Lips.	Good Bad Not Evil	Black Lips
performer	Thieving from the House of God is the fifth full-length album by Orange Goblin released in 2004.	Thieving from the House of God	Orange Goblin
performer	``Washed by the Water'' is a 2007 song by the Christian rock band Needtobreathe from their second studio album The Heat.	Washed by the Water	Needtobreathe
performer	Loaded, Leather, Moonroof is the title of a recording by Canadian guitarist Don Ross, released in 1997.	Loaded, Leather, Moonroof	Don Ross
performer	``Quelle Surprise'' is a single by British rock band Enter Shikari, released on May 19, 2011.	Quelle Surprise	Enter Shikari
performer	Radio Retaliation is the fifth studio album of electronica band Thievery Corporation.	Radio Retaliation	Thievery Corporation
performer	``The Bitch Is Back'' is a rock song by Elton John, written with Bernie Taupin.	The Bitch Is Back	Elton John
performer	Quiéreme Más (``Love Me More'') is the title of a studio album released by Duranguense music band Patrulla 81.	Quiéreme Más	Patrulla 81
performer	Deaf to Our Prayers is the fourth full-length album by the German extreme metal band Heaven Shall Burn.	Deaf to Our Prayers	Heaven Shall Burn
performer	Erdenkraft is the fourth album by the German folk/black/viking metal band, Adorned Brood.	Erdenkraft	Adorned Brood
performer	The Chipmunk Songbook is an album by Alvin and the Chipmunks with David Seville.	The Chipmunk Songbook	Alvin and the Chipmunks
performer	``Silly Ho'' is a song recorded by R&B girl group TLC for their album FanMail.	Silly Ho	TLC
performer	La Ultima / Live in Berlin is the sixth live album and the fifth concert movie of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz.	La Ultima / Live in Berlin	Böhse Onkelz
performer	Lets Get Killed is the second studio album by Belfast electronica DJ and producer David Holmes.	Lets Get Killed	David Holmes
performer	``I'm Not Your Toy'' is a song by English synthpop duo La Roux from their self-titled debut album, La Roux.	I'm Not Your Toy	La Roux
performer	Opus Eponymous (Latin for the self-titled work) is the debut album by Swedish heavy metal band Ghost, released on October 18, 2010.	Opus Eponymous	Ghost
performer	Satan Is Real Again, or Feeling Good About Bad Thoughts, released in 1996, is the second album by Country Teasers.	Satan Is Real Again, or Feeling Good About Bad Thoughts	Country Teasers
performer	``I Shall Overcome'' is the third single from English indie rock band Hard-Fi's second album Once Upon a Time in the West.	I Shall Overcome	Hard-Fi
performer	C'est pour toi (meaning It's For You) is a French studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released in Quebec, Canada on 27 August 1985.	C'est pour toi	Celine Dion
performer	Livin' Inside Your Love is a double-LP by jazz musician George Benson, which was released in 1979.	Livin' Inside Your Love	George Benson
performer	Dark Sneak Love Action is a 1991 album by Tom Tom Club and included the band's cover of the Hot Chocolate track ``You Sexy Thing.''	Dark Sneak Love Action	Tom Tom Club
performer	To All We Stretch the Open Arm is a collection of political songs by a variety of songwriters, performed by Mirah and the Black Cat Orchestra.	To All We Stretch the Open Arm	Mirah
performer	Canción de Alerta is the first album by the Puerto Rican reggae band, Cultura Profética.	Canción de Alerta	Cultura Profética
performer	``I Like the Way She Do It'' is the lead single from G-Unit's second album, T.O.S:	I Like the Way She Do It	G-Unit
performer	Sitnije, Cile, sitnije (English: Less, Cile, Less) is an extended play by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena.	Sitnije, Cile, sitnije	Lepa Brena
performer	Black Sheets of Rain is the second solo album by former Hüsker Dü guitarist and singer Bob Mould and features the Modern Rock Top 10 hit ``It's Too Late.''	Black Sheets of Rain	Bob Mould
performer	Les Bourgeois (English: The middle class) is the sixth studio album by Jacques Brel.	Les Bourgeois	Jacques Brel
performer	``Be Proud Be Loud (Be Heard)'' is the twelfth UK single by the band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, and was released in 1982.	Be Proud Be Loud (Be Heard)	Toyah
performer	``Turn the Music Louder (Rumble)'' is a song recorded by British DJ KDA.	Turn the Music Louder (Rumble)	KDA
place of birth	Babacar N'Diaye (born 12 December 1973 in Thiès) was a Senegalese footballer who played at last for SC Preußen Münster.	Babacar N'Diaye	Thiès
place of birth	Brian Azzarello (born in Cleveland, Ohio, August 11, 1962) is an American comic book writer.	Brian Azzarello	Cleveland
place of birth	Alexander Pusch (born 15 May 1955 in Tauberbischofsheim, Baden-Württemberg) is a German fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition.	Alexander Pusch	Tauberbischofsheim
place of birth	Dan Ariely was born in New York City while his father was studying for an MBA degree at Columbia University.	Dan Ariely	New York City
place of birth	Bruno Maderna was born Bruno Grossato in Venice but later decided to take the name of his mother, Caterina Maderna.	Bruno Maderna	Venice
place of birth	Joseph Bloomfield was born in Woodbridge Township, New Jersey to Moses Bloomfield, a physician, and Sarah Ogden.	Joseph Bloomfield	Woodbridge Township
place of birth	Christine Poon, born c. 1952 in Brentwood, Missouri, is an American business executive.	Christine Poon	Brentwood
place of birth	Valeri Yevgenyevich Sorokin (Russian: Валерий Евгеньевич Сорокин; born 6 January 1985 in Stavropol) is a Russian football player.	Valeri Yevgenyevich Sorokin	Stavropol
place of birth	Vuk Kostić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вук Костић; born November 22, 1979, in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian actor, famous of his roles in films Apsolutnih 100, Stvar srca and Klopka.	Vuk Kostić	Belgrade
place of birth	Daniele Danesin (born 7 December 1985 in Como) is an Italian rower, who has won five gold medals at various World Rowing Championships.	Daniele Danesin	Como
place of birth	Franz Thonner (1863--1928) was an Austrian taxonomist and botanist from Vienna.	Franz Thonner	Vienna
place of birth	Mat Johnson (born in Philadelphia August 19, 1970) is an American writer of literary fiction who works in both prose and the comics format.	Mat Johnson	Philadelphia
place of birth	Wolfgang Uhle (1512 in Elterlein -- 7 April 1594 in Breitenbrunn) was a German Lutheran priest, known as ``the Plague Pastor of Annaberg (Pestpfarrer von Annaberg).	Wolfgang Uhle	Elterlein
place of birth	Fuller was born on July 12, 1895, in Milton, Massachusetts, the son of Richard Buckminster Fuller and Caroline Wolcott Andrews, and also the grand-nephew of the American Transcendentalist Margaret Fuller.	Buckminster Fuller	Milton, Massachusetts
place of birth	Carlo Bonomi (born March 12, 1937 in Milan) is an Italian voice actor and actor, who provided the voices for the claymated TV series Pingu on SF DRS during its first four seasons produced between 1986 and 2000.	Carlo Bonomi	Milan
place of birth	Johann Reichhart was born in Wichenbach near Wörth an der Donau into a family of executioners and knackers going back eight generations to the mid-eighteenth century, which included his uncle Franz Xaver and his brother Michael.	Johann Reichhart	Wörth an der Donau
place of birth	Johann Franz von Schönau-Zell was born in Ensisheim on July 15, 1619, the son of Marx Jakob von Schönau and of Margaretha von Reinach.	Johann Franz von Schönau-Zell	Ensisheim
place of birth	Angelo Vaccaro (born 4 October 1981 in Tübingen, Germany) is an Italian football player who currently plays for FC Homburg.	Angelo Vaccaro	Tübingen
place of birth	Pietro Veneri (born 1964) is an Italian conductor, and professor of conducting at the Conservatorio Arrigo Boito in Parma.	Pietro Veneri	Parma
place of birth	Arnulf Zitelmann (born 9 March 1929 in Oberhausen-Sterkrade) studied philosophy and theology.	Arnulf Zitelmann	Oberhausen
place of birth	Marcel Pagnol was born on 28 February 1895 in Aubagne, Bouches-du-Rhône département, in southern France near Marseille, the eldest son of schoolteacher Joseph PagnolA and seamstress Augustine Lansot.B Marcel Pagnol grew up in Marseille with his younger brothers Paul and René, and younger sister Germaine.	Marcel Pagnol	Aubagne
place of birth	Katharina Müller-Elmau (* 13. September 1965 in Göttingen) is a German actress.	Katharina Müller-Elmau	Göttingen
place of birth	Hila Lulu Lin artist, born 1964, Afula, Israel.	Hila Lulu Lin	Afula
place of birth	Michael Shaowanasai, (Thai: ไมเคิล เชาวนาศัย, born in 1964 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), is a Thai-American artist and actor who lives in Bangkok.	Michael Shaowanasai	Philadelphia
place of birth	Stuart Brennan (born 8 October 1982, Barnstaple, North Devon) is a BAFTA winning British actor, writer, producer and director.	Stuart Brennan	Barnstaple
place of birth	Robert Dexter Conrad, born on 20 March 1905 in Orange, Massachusetts, graduated from the United States Naval Academy and was commissioned ensign in June 1927.	Robert Dexter Conrad	Orange
place of birth	Shauna Rolston (born 31 January 1967 Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian cellist.	Shauna Rolston	Edmonton
place of birth	António Pedro Nobre Carmona Rodrigues (Portuguese pronunciation: (kaɾˈmonɐ ʁuˈdɾiɡɨʃ); born 23 June 1956 in Alvalade, Lisbon), grand-nephew of Óscar Carmona, is a university professor and a Portuguese politician.	Carmona Rodrigues	Lisbon
place of birth	Pamela Sargent was born in Ithaca, New York, and raised as an atheist.	Pamela Sargent	Ithaca
place of birth	Kristi Angus (born August 21, 1971 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian actress who has appeared as a guest star in episodic roles in TV series, such as The Twilight Zone, Earth:	Kristi Angus	Kelowna
place of birth	Fredrik Lassas (born 1 October 1996 in Porvoo) is a Finnish footballer, who represents FC Köln II.	Fredrik Lassas	Porvoo
place of birth	Alfred Miodowicz (born June 28, 1929 in Poznań) is a former Polish politician and trade union activist.	Alfred Miodowicz	Poznań
place of birth	Alejandro Cremades (born in Zurich in 1985) is a Spanish author and entrepreneur based in New York.	Alejandro Cremades	Zurich
place of birth	John Adikes Bond is an author, attorney, poker player, political activist and real estate developer born in Jamaica, New York January 14, 1955.	John Adikes Bond	Jamaica
place of birth	Jeanne Betancourt (born October 2, 1941 in Vermont) is an American author and television script writer best known for her Pony Pals series of books.	Jeanne Betancourt	Vermont
place of birth	Jia Yueting (Chinese: 贾跃亭; pinyin: Jiǎ Yuètíng, born 1973 in Xiangfen County, Shanxi) is a Chinese entrepreneur, the founder and CEO of Letv.	Jia Yueting	Xiangfen County
place of birth	He was born in Leiden as the son of Derck van Noort, and was not, as some sources claim, the son of Pieter van Noort (ca. 1592 - after 1634).	Pieter van Noort	Leiden
place of birth	Luigi Bassi, Pesaro, 5 September 1766 --	Luigi Bassi	Pesaro
place of birth	Elchin Safarli (Azerbaijani: Elçin Səfərli; born March 12, 1984 in Baku, Azerbaijani SSR, USSR) is an Azerbaijani novelist and journalist.	Elchin Safarli	Baku
place of birth	Born in Maulévrier in Maine-et-Loire, Jean-Marc Ayrault is the son of Joseph Ayrault, from Maulévrier, formerly an agricultural worker who was subsequently employed in a textile factory, and of Georgette Uzenot, a former seamstress who later became a full-time housewife.	Jean-Marc Ayrault	Maulévrier
place of birth	Don Eddy (born November 4, 1944; Long Beach, California) is an American painter who gained initial fame as a photorealist; but his recent works have veered into the realm of metaphysics.	Don Eddy	Long Beach
place of birth	Minnijean Brown-Trickey (born September 11, 1941) was one of a group of African American teenagers known as the ``Little Rock Nine.''	Minnijean Brown-Trickey	Little Rock
place of birth	Daniel Wolf (born 4 May 1985 in Vienna) is an Austrian association footballer who currently plays for TSV Hartberg.	Daniel Wolf	Vienna
place of birth	Harry Macfie, born February 11, 1879 in Lysekil, died October 27, 1956, was a Swedish adventurer, writer and businessman.	Harry Macfie	Lysekil
place of birth	Abbas Sarkhab (Persian: عباس سرخاب‎‎, born 21 March 1970 in Minab) is an Iranian retired football player and coach who currently manages Kargar Boneh Gaz in Iranian Second Division.	Abbas Sarkhab	Minab
place of birth	Giovanni Zucca (Italian pronunciation: (dʒoˈvanni ˈdzukka); born December 11, 1907 in Sestri Ponente) was an Italian professional football player.	Giovanni Zucca	Sestri Ponente
place of birth	Marco Borciani (born 7 December 1975 in Desenzano del Garda) is a retired Italian motorcycle racer, now motorcycle racing team owner and manager.	Marco Borciani	Desenzano del Garda
place of birth	Jeroen Willems was born on 15 November 1962 in Maastricht as the third child of a drama teacher and an elocutionist.	Jeroen Willems	Maastricht
place of birth	Henny Thijssen (born 1952, Enschede) is a Dutch singer-composer.	Henny Thijssen	Enschede
place of birth	Anna Sztankovics (born January 10, 1996 in Budapest) is a Hungarian swimmer, who specializes in the breaststroke events.	Anna Sztankovics	Budapest
place of birth	Achille Zavatta was born in La Goulette, Tunisia, the son of Federico Zavatta, a circus owner.	Achille Zavatta	La Goulette
place of birth	Janie Lou Gibbs (December 25, 1932 -- February 7, 2010) was an American serial killer from Cordele, Georgia, who killed her three sons, a grandson, and her husband, by poisoning them with rat poison in 1966 and 1967.	Janie Lou Gibbs	Georgia
place of birth	Larry Oltmanns (born 1951, Rockford, Illinois, USA) is an American architect.	Larry Oltmanns	Illinois
place of birth	Yaser Bakhtiari (Persian: یاسر بختیاری‎‎; born 1982 in Tehran), better known by his stage name Yas (یاس), is an Iranian rapper.	Yas	Tehran
place of birth	Giovanni Galeone (born January 25, 1941 in Naples) is an Italian football (soccer) manager.	Giovanni Galeone	Naples
place of birth	Engla Maria Magdalena Graaf (born 2 September 1975 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish model, singer, and author.	Magdalena Graaf	Gothenburg
place of birth	Bojan Vuletić (born June 11, 1971 in Belgrade) is a composer, musician and producer.	Bojan Vuletić	Belgrade
place of birth	Uwe Karpa (born 18 September 1945 in Berlin) is a German actor, cabaret artist and voice actor.	Uwe Karpa	Berlin
place of birth	Motzfeldt was born in Nesna, as a son of bailiff Birger Fredrik Motzfeldt and Augusta Marie Andersen.	Birger Fredrik Motzfeldt	Nesna
place of birth	Lucy Jane Bledsoe (born February 1, 1957 in Portland, Oregon, United States) is a novelist and science writer, who writes both fiction and non-fiction books for children and adults.	Lucy Jane Bledsoe	Portland
place of birth	John III of the Palatinate (7 May 1488 in Heidelberg -- 3 February 1538) was the 48th Archbishop of Regensburg.	John III of the Palatinate	Heidelberg
place of birth	Nick Downing (born January 25, 1980 in Redmond, Washington) is a retired American professional soccer player who is currently the strength and conditioning coach for New England Revolution in Major League Soccer.	Nick Downing	Redmond
place of birth	Georg Ruge (June 19, 1852 - January 21, 1919) was a German anatomist and primatologist who was a native of Berlin.	Georg Ruge	Berlin
place of birth	Yakov Rubanchik was born into a photographer's family in the city of Taganrog in 1899.	Yakov Rubanchik	Taganrog
place of birth	Alibi Montana born in Villetaneuse, moved to the city of 4000 at La Courneuve, where he started his career in the 1990s with debut album T'as ma parole released in 1999, followed by the compilation Mandat de dépôt in 2002.	Alibi Montana	La Courneuve
place of birth	Erich Warsitz (18 October 1906, Hattingen, Westphalia - 12 July 1983) was a German test pilot of the 1930s.	Erich Warsitz	Hattingen
place of birth	Screamin' Scott Simon (b. 12/9/1948 Kansas City, Missouri) has been Sha Na Na's piano-player since April 1970.	Screamin' Scott Simon	Kansas City
place of birth	David DiChiera (/diːkaɪˈɛrə/ dee-ky-ERR-ə; born 8 April 1935 in McKeesport, Pennsylvania) is an American composer and founding general director of Michigan Opera Theatre.	David DiChiera	McKeesport
place of birth	Arthur Ehrhardt (21 March 1896, Mengersgereuth-Hämmern, Saxe-Meiningen - 16 May 1971) was a German Waffen-SS officer and author on warfare who became a leading figure in the post-war neo-Nazi movement.	Arthur Ehrhardt	Hämmern
place of birth	Alen Floričić (born 1968) is a Croatian artist, working in ambient and installation art. Born in Pula, Istria, Floricic began his art career after graduating from a sculpture school in Rijeka in 1993.	Alen Floričić	Pula
place of birth	Nadjim Manseur (Arabic: نجيم منصر‎; born June 8, 1988 in Béjaïa) is an Algerian middle distance runner, who specialized in the 800 metres.	Nadjim Manseur	Béjaïa
place of birth	David Ríos Insua (born June 21, 1964 in Madrid) is a Spanish mathematician, and son and disciple of Sixto Ríos, father of Spanish Statistics.	David Ríos Insua	Madrid
place of birth	Joseph Edward Crawshay Partridge was born 13 June 1879 in Llanthewy Court, Monmouth, near Abergavenny.	Joseph Edward Crawshay Partridge	Abergavenny
place of birth	Vytautas Lukša (born 14 August 1984 in Alytus) is a Lithuanian professional football player currently playing for FK Žalgiris.	Vytautas Lukša	Alytus
place of birth	Hoyt Richards (born April 10, 1962 in Syracuse, New York) is an American model and actor.	Hoyt Richards	Syracuse
place of birth	Seyid Shushinski (Azerbaijani: Seyid Şuşinski), born Mir Mohsun Seyid Ibrahim oglu Shushinski (12 April 1889, Horadiz -- 1 November 1965, Baku), was an Azerbaijani khananda folk singer.	Seyid Shushinski	Horadiz
place of birth	Cvijetin Blagojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Цвиjeтин Блaгojeвић ;born April 10, 1955 in Tuzla) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player.	Cvijetin Blagojević	Tuzla
place of birth	Dennis Haueisen (born 13 September 1978 in Gera) is a retired German professional road bicycle racer who was active between 2001 and 2008.	Dennis Haueisen	Gera
place of birth	Oliver Pusztai (Szombathely, 14 October 1981) is a Hungarian football player.	Oliver Pusztai	Szombathely
place of birth	Barry Mahon, born Jackson Barrett Mahon (February 5, 1921, Bakersfield, California -- December 4, 1999, Las Vegas, Nevada), was an American film director, cinematographer and producer.	Barry Mahon	Bakersfield
place of birth	Adam Zindani (born 5 March 1972, Birmingham, England) is the guitarist for the Welsh-based rock group Stereophonics, and the lead vocalist and guitarist for the Birmingham-based band, Casino.	Adam Zindani	Birmingham
place of birth	Alexander Kokorinov was born in Tobolsk in the family of a government clerk.	Alexander Kokorinov	Tobolsk
place of birth	Sir Jack Hibbert was born in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, on 14 February 1932.	Jack Hibbert	Huddersfield
place of birth	Franc Luz (born December 22, 1950, in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American actor of stage, film and television seen in popular leading dramatic film roles in the 1980s and 1990s.	Franc Luz	Cambridge
place of birth	Karla Conway (born July 5, 1946 in Pasadena, California) was the name used by the American model and artist Karla Jo Musacchia for her appearance as Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for its April 1966 issue.	Karla Conway	Pasadena
place of birth	Bogdan Mitrea (born 29 September 1987 in Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Ascoli as a centre back.	Bogdan Mitrea	Cluj-Napoca
place of birth	Floyd MacMillan Davis was born on April 8, 1896 and grew up in Chicago.	Floyd MacMillan Davis	Chicago
place of birth	Bruce Cripps OBE (born 2 November 1941, Bognor Regis, Sussex, England) known by his stage name Bruce Welch is an English guitarist, songwriter, producer and singer, best known as a member of The Shadows.	Bruce Welch	Bognor Regis
place of birth	Helene Hanff (April 15, 1916 -- April 9, 1997) was an American writer born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Helene Hanff	Philadelphia
place of birth	Bruno Bini (born 1 October 1954 in Orléans) is a former French football player and who managed of the French women's national team.	Bruno Bini	Orléans
place of birth	Finley Peter Dunne (July 10, 1867 -- April 24, 1936) was an American humorist and writer from Chicago.	Finley Peter Dunne	Chicago
place of birth	Carmel Hanna MLA (born 26 April 1946, in Warrenpoint, County Down, Northern Ireland) is an Irish politician.	Carmel Hanna	Warrenpoint
place of birth	Chu Kwok Kuen (Chinese: 朱國權) is a former football player for the Hong Kong national football team.	Chu Kwok Kuen	Hong Kong
place of birth	Norio Ishizawa (石澤 典夫 Ishizawa Norio born August 16, 1952 in Yokohama) is a Japanese journalist and newscaster, currently working for NHK.	Norio Ishizawa	Yokohama
place of birth	Klara Barlow (July 28, 1928, Brooklyn, New York -- January 20, 2008, New York City) was an American opera singer who had an active international career from the mid-1960s through the 1990s.	Klara Barlow	Brooklyn
place of birth	On February 12, 1823, Judson Dwight Collins was born into a Methodist family in Rose, Wayne County, New York.	Judson Dwight Collins	Rose
place of birth	Charles Frederick Briggs (December 30, 1804 -- June 20, 1877), also called C. F. Briggs, was an American journalist, author and editor, born in Nantucket, Massachusetts.	Charles Frederick Briggs	Nantucket
place of birth	Lorenzo Regazzo, (born in Venice) is an opera singer.	Lorenzo Regazzo	Venice
place of birth	Gonzague Vandooren (born 19 August 1979 in Mouscron) is a retired Belgian professional football player who was last attached to Lierse SK, being released following the 2011-12 season.	Gonzague Vandooren	Mouscron
place of birth	Ahmet Mesut Yılmaz (Turkish pronunciation: (meˈsut jɯɫˈmaz); born 6 November 1947 in Istanbul) is a Turkish politician.	Mesut Yılmaz	Istanbul
place of birth	Meryl Davis was born in Royal Oak, Michigan and raised in West Bloomfield Township, Michigan, the daughter of Cheryl and Paul D. Davis.	Meryl Davis	Royal Oak, Michigan
place of birth	Janusz Piekałkiewicz (1925 in Warsaw -- March 9, 1988) was a Polish underground soldier, historian, writer, as well as a television and cinema director and producer.	Janusz Piekałkiewicz	Warsaw
place of birth	Anna Vissi was born on 20 December 1957, in Pyla, a village near Larnaca, Cyprus.	Anna Vissi	Larnaca
place of birth	Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus (/ˌdɛzɪˈdɪəriəs ɪˈræzməs/; 28 October 1466 -- 12 July 1536), known as Erasmus of Rotterdam, or simply Erasmus, was a Dutch Renaissance humanist, Catholic priest, social critic, teacher, and theologian.	Erasmus	Rotterdam
place of birth	Jean-Louis Georgelin (b. 30 August 1948 in Aspet, Haute-Garonne) is a French Army General who was Chief of the Defence Staff (``Chef d'état-major des armées'', CEMA) between 4 October 2006 and 25 February 2010.	Jean-Louis Georgelin	Aspet
place of birth	Archibald Hamilton Rowan was born in the home of his grandfather, William Rowan, in London, and lived there with his mother and sister for much of his early life.	Archibald Hamilton Rowan	London
place of birth	Melanie Putria Dewita Sari (born 17 April 1982 in Jakarta) is an Indonesian beauty queen, television hostess and actress.	Melanie Putria Dewita Sari	Jakarta
place of birth	Imke Duplitzer (born 28 July 1975 in Karlsruhe) is a German épée fencer.	Imke Duplitzer	Karlsruhe
place of birth	Anton Maglica (born 11 November 1991 in Brčko) is a Bosnian-born Croatian football striker, currently playing for Apollon Limassol in the Cypriot First Division.	Anton Maglica	Brčko
place of birth	Matt O'Hea (born 3 September 1982) is a professional basketball player from Moe, Victoria.	Matt O'Hea	Moe, Victoria
place of birth	Georges Delfanne, called Christian Masuy (22 January 1913 in Brussels -- 1 October 1947) was a Belgian collaborator and spy during the German occupation in World War II .	Georges Delfanne	Brussels
place of birth	Michael Erlewine (born July 18, 1941, Lancaster, Pennsylvania) is an American musician, astrologer, photographer, TV host, and Internet entrepreneur who founded All Music Guide (now known as AllMusic) in 1991.	Michael Erlewine	Lancaster
place of birth	Vladimír Menšík (9 October 1929 -- 29 May 1988) was a popular Czech actor and entertainer, born in Ivančice, Moravia, Czechoslovakia.	Vladimír Menšík	Ivančice
place of birth	Jimmy O. Yang (Jimmy Ouyang; Chinese: 歐陽萬成) is a Hong Kong-born Chinese American stand-up comedian, actor, writer.	Jimmy O. Yang	Hong Kong
place of birth	John Hervey Crozier (February 10, 1812 -- October 25, 1889) was an American attorney and politician active primarily in Knoxville, Tennessee, USA, during the mid-nineteenth century.	John Hervey Crozier	Knoxville
place of birth	Heraklonas was probably born at Lazica while his father was on campaign against Khosrau II of the Sassanid Empire.	Heraklonas	Lazica
place of birth	Sourav Chakraborty (born 3 July 1992 in Kolkata) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Defender for Mohun Bagan in the I-League.	Sourav Chakraborty	Kolkata
place of birth	Arvo Volmer (born November 4, 1962 in Tallinn) is an Estonian conductor.	Arvo Volmer	Tallinn
place of birth	Melanie Paschke (born 29 June 1970 in Braunschweig) is a retired German sprinter, who specialised in the 100 metres, 200 metres and 4 × 100 metres relay.	Melanie Paschke	Braunschweig
place of birth	Todor Simov (Bulgarian: Тодор Симов) (born on 26 January 1985 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian football striker, currently playing for Pirin Blagoevgrad in the A PFG.	Todor Simov	Sofia
place of birth	Origen (/ˈɒrɪdʒən/; Greek: Ὠριγένης, Ōrigénēs), or Origen Adamantius (Ὠριγένης Ἀδαμάντιος, Ōrigénēs Adamántios; 184/185 -- 253/254), was a scholar and early Christian theologian who was born and spent the first half of his career in Alexandria.	Origen	Alexandria
place of birth	Johann Philipp von Greifenclau zu Vollraths was born in Amorbach on February 13, 1652, the son of Georg Philipp Freiherr von Greiffenclau-Vollrads, Amtmann of the Archbishopric of Mainz, and his wife Rosina von Oberstein.	Johann Philipp von Greifenclau zu Vollraths	Amorbach
place of birth	Juan Calzadilla (Altagracia de Orituco, 1931) is a Venezuelan prolific poet, painter and art critic.	Juan Calzadilla	Altagracia de Orituco
place of birth	Daniela Giordano was the winner of local beauty pageants in her hometown Palermo and by the year 1966, as Miss Sicily, won the Miss Italia contest.	Daniela Giordano	Palermo
place of birth	Pierre-Marie Gerlier was born in Versailles, and was a lawyer before deciding to pursue an ecclesiastical career.	Pierre-Marie Gerlier	Versailles
place of birth	George Clifford III (7 January 1685, Amsterdam -- 10 April 1760, Heemstede) was a wealthy Dutch banker and one of the directors of the Dutch East India Company.	George Clifford III	Amsterdam
place of birth	John Sebastian Helmcken was born in London, England, the son of ethnically-German parents Claus Helmcken and Catherine Mittler.	John Sebastian Helmcken	London
place of birth	Chad McNamara was born on May 4, 1982, in Ottawa, Ontario and is a Canadian actor best known for portraying Rooney Doodle on the children's show The Doodlebops.	Chad McNamara	Ottawa
place of birth	Tanya Dziahileva (also known as Tanya Dyagileva) (Belarusian: Таццяна (Таня) Дзягілева, Russian: Татьяна (Таня) Дягилева; born 4 June 1991 in Vitebsk, Belarusian SSR) is a Belarusian model, artist, designer, stylist, and fashion photographer.	Tanya Dziahileva	Vitebsk
place of birth	Laurence Daren King (born 1972 in Harlow, Essex) is an English novelist and children's writer.	Daren King	Harlow
place of birth	Luis Bordón was born in the city of Guarambaré Central Department, Paraguay on August 19, 1926, and from a very early age he was fanatical with the art of musical performance, supported and promoted by his father.	Luis Bordón	Central Department
place of birth	Tom Prahl (born January 5, 1949 in Smedstorp) is a Swedish retired former football player and manager.	Tom Prahl	Smedstorp
place of birth	Francis Alÿs (born 1959, Antwerp) is a Belgian-born, Mexico-based artist.	Francis Alÿs	Antwerp
place of birth	Ian Olney (born December 17, 1969 in Luton, Bedfordshire, England) is a former football (soccer) player, who played as a striker.	Ian Olney	Luton
place of birth	Angela Isadora Duncan was born in San Francisco, California to Joseph Charles Duncan (1819--1898), a banker, mining engineer and connoisseur of the arts, and Mary Isadora Gray (1849--1922).	Isadora Duncan	San Francisco
place of birth	Mircea Ionescu-Quintus (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈmirt͡ʃe̯a i.oˈnesku ˈkintus); born 18 March 1917 in Kherson, Ukraine) is a Romanian politician, former Senator and Minister of Justice.	Mircea Ionescu-Quintus	Kherson
place of birth	Canton was born in Middle Street Stroud, Gloucestershire, the son of a weaver John Canton (b. 1687) and Esther (née Davis).	John Canton	Stroud
place of birth	Never Shout Never is an American indie rock band formed in Joplin, Missouri in 2007.	Never Shout Never	Joplin
place of birth	Urs Meier (born January 22, 1959 in Würenlos, Aargau) is a retired Swiss football referee.	Urs Meier	Würenlos
place of birth	Juris Podnieks (December 5, 1950, Riga -- June 23, 1992, Kuldīga District) was a Latvian film director and producer.	Juris Podnieks	Riga
place of birth	Mohammedreza Eslamloo (محمدرضا‌ اسالملو‌) (born 1947 in Shiraz) graduated in Television and Film from the College of Communications of the University of Texas.	Mohammedreza Eslamloo	Shiraz
place of birth	Adolph Olson Eberhart was born in Kil, in Värmland, Sweden, the son of Andrew and Louise Olson.	Adolph Olson Eberhart	Värmland
place of birth	Born on 14 September 1899 in Montigny-lès-Metz, Alsace-Lorraine, Joachim-Friedrich Lang joined the German Army before the Second World war.	Joachim-Friedrich Lang	Montigny-lès-Metz
place of birth	François-Jean Bralle (1750--1832) was a French architect and engineer, best known as for the construction of fountains in Paris during the time of Napoleon Bonaparte.	François-Jean Bralle	Paris
place of birth	Joe Simon was born in 1913 as Hymie Simon and raised in Rochester, New York, the son of Harry Simon, who had emigrated from Leeds, England, in 1905, and Rose, whom Harry met in the United States.	Joe Simon	Rochester
place of birth	Until 1657 Ivan Bohun also led his forces in minor skirmishes against Polish forces, notably at Bratslav and Uman.	Ivan Bohun	Bratslav
place of birth	Legendary Stardust Cowboy (born Norman Carl Odam on September 5, 1947, in Lubbock, Texas) is an outsider performer who is considered one of the pioneers of the genre that came to be known as psychobilly in the 1960s.	Legendary Stardust Cowboy	Lubbock
place of birth	Pierre Caroli (born 1480 in Rozay-en-Brie, died in 1550, possibly in Rome) was a French refugee and religious figure.	Pierre Caroli	Rozay-en-Brie
place of birth	Harry Betmead (11 April 1912 -- 26 August 1984) was an English football player who played for Grimsby Town, as well as the English national side.	Harry Betmead	Grimsby
place of birth	Barry Le Va (born 1941 in Long Beach, California) is a contemporary American sculptor and installation artist.	Barry Le Va	Long Beach
place of birth	Brendan Croker (born 15 August 1953 in Bradford, Yorkshire) is a musician from Leeds who has recorded albums under his own name and with occasional backing band;	Brendan Croker	Bradford
place of birth	Elisa Meneghini (born July 24, 1997 in Como) is an Italian artistic gymnast, a member of the Italian national women's artistic gymnastics team, the 2014 Italian champion in all-around, floor exercise and balance beam.	Elisa Meneghini	Como
place of birth	Zacharias Theodorou (Greek: Ζαχαρίας Θεοδώρου; born July 7, 1993 in Larnaca) is a Cypriot football central midfielder who plays for Anorthosis Famagusta in the Cypriot First Division.	Zacharias Theodorou	Larnaca
place of birth	Christie Repasy (born December 19, 1958) is an American floral artist from Maywood, California.	Christie Repasy	Maywood
place of birth	Father Jerome D'Souza, SJ (6 August 1897, Mangalore, South Canara, British India -- 12 August 1977, Madras, India) was an Indian Jesuit priest, educationist, writer and member of the Indian Constituent assembly (1946--50).	Jerome D'Souza	Mangalore
place of birth	Norman Bell (born 16 November 1955) is an English former footballer, born in Hylton Castle, Sunderland, who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Blackburn Rovers.	Norman Bell	Sunderland
place of birth	Gen. Marian Sowiński (born August 26, 1951 in Ruda, Poland) is a Polish general.	Marian Sowiński	Ruda
place of birth	Andy Knowles (born Andrew John Knowles, 30 June 1981, in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England) is an artist, director and musician.	Andy Knowles	Bolton
place of birth	Born in Algiers 12 May 1942, Abderrahmane Meziani began his career in MC Alger in 1955 minimal category, it then passes through ASPTT Algiers before landing at the AS Saint-Eugène, club Algiers flagship during the colonial era.	Abderrahmane Meziani	Algiers
place of birth	Louis Davis was born May 1860 and raised in Abingdon, Oxfordshire on East St Helen Street.	Louis Davis	Abingdon
place of birth	Damiano Schet (born 8 April 1990, in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a winger for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Damiano Schet	Amsterdam
place of birth	Sima Nikolic (born March 13, 1932 in Belgrade, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a former Yugoslav, later American, tennis player.	Sima Nikolic	Belgrade
place of birth	Samuel Scheimann was born in Afula, Israel to a Jewish family.	Samuel Scheimann	Afula
place of birth	Born in Poznań, Poland, at age 15 Henryk de Kwiatkowski was captured by the Russian Army and sent to a Siberian labor camp.	Henryk de Kwiatkowski	Poznań
place of birth	Karl Taylor Compton was born in Wooster, Ohio, the eldest of three brothers (including Arthur Compton and Wilson Martindale Compton) and one sister, Mary.	Karl Taylor Compton	Wooster
place of birth	Fenwick Justin John Lawson, ARCA (born 19 May 1932 in South Moor, County Durham), commonly known as Fenwick Lawson, is an English sculptor based in the north-east of England.	Fenwick Lawson	South Moor
place of birth	Jerry Hernandez (born June 8, 1990 in East Los Angeles, California) is an American film and television actor of Puerto Rican and Honduran descent.	Jerry Hernandez	East Los Angeles
place of birth	Lynn Carlin (born Mary Lynn Reynolds on January 31, 1938, in Los Angeles) is an American actress.	Lynn Carlin	Los Angeles
place of birth	Amel Karboul (Tunisian Arabic: آمال كربول), born April 25, 1973 in Tunis, is a Tunisian politician and business leader.	Amel Karboul	Tunis
place of birth	Tanju Kayhan (born 22 July 1989 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays for SK Sturm Graz.	Tanju Kayhan	Vienna
place of birth	Leslie Marmon Silko was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico to Leland Howard Marmon, a noted photographer, and Mary Virginia Leslie.	Leslie Marmon Silko	Albuquerque
place of birth	Eugene Semple was born in Bogotá, Colombia, on June 12, 1840, to then minister to the Republic of New Granada, James Semple.	Eugene Semple	Bogotá
place of birth	Anna Hiruth Katarina Sandström Borglund (born 20 March 1974 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia) is a Swedish television news presenter and journalist.	Katarina Sandström	Addis Ababa
place of birth	Michel Baulier (born June 20, 1949 in Valdahon (Doubs)), is a retired French footballer.	Michel Baulier	Valdahon
place of birth	Clayton Junior Jacobson or Clayton Jacobson II was born in Multnomah County Hospital, Portland, OR on October 12, 1933 to Clayton Jacobson and Sarah Fauntelle Shrock.	Clayton Jacobson II	Portland
place of birth	Keny Arkana (French pronunciation: ​(keni aʁkaˈna); born 20 December 1982 in Boulogne-Billancourt, Paris) is an Argentine-French rapper who is active in the alter-globalization and civil disobedience movements.	Keny Arkana	Boulogne-Billancourt
place of birth	Claude Joseph Geoffroy (8 August 1685, Paris -- 9 March 1752, Paris) was the brother of Étienne François Geoffroy.	Claude Joseph Geoffroy	Paris
place of birth	Helene Holzman (30 August 1891 in Jena -- 25 August 1968) was a German painter and author.	Helene Holzman	Jena
place of birth	Peter Hüttner (born 10 December 1945 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish actor and writer.	Peter Hüttner	Gothenburg
place of birth	Born in Cagliari, Fausta Cialente's early life was marked by upheaval as the family followed the movements of her father, an army officer.	Fausta Cialente	Cagliari
place of birth	Wilhelm Franz (1913 in Bremen -- 1971 in Lahr) was the founder of Elektro-Mess-Technik, a German manufacturer of turntables and professional studio audio equipment.	Wilhelm Franz	Bremen
place of birth	Zdeněk Rohlíček (born 20 July 1980 in Prague) is a Czech actor known especially for his stage work.	Zdeněk Rohlíček	Prague
place of birth	Pascal Hervé (Tours, 13 July 1964) is a former French road racing cyclist.	Pascal Hervé	Tours
place of birth	Elizabeth Carling (born 20 October 1967 in Middlesbrough, North Riding of Yorkshire) is an English actress and singer best known for her performances in Boon, Goodnight Sweetheart, Barbara, and Casualty.	Elizabeth Carling	Middlesbrough
place of birth	Richard L. Berkley (born Richard L. Berkowitz, June 29, 1931) served as mayor of Kansas City, Missouri, U.S., from 1979 to 1991.	Richard L. Berkley	Kansas City
place of birth	Smiljan Radic (born June 21st, 1965, Santiago) is an internationally recognised Chilean architect.	Smiljan Radic	Santiago
place of birth	Eric Nagler (born June 1, 1942 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American-born musician and television personality known primarily for his work on Canadian children's television series such as The Elephant Show.	Eric Nagler	Brooklyn
place of birth	Ahmad Gianpiero Vincenzo (born in Naples in 1961) is a leader of the Italian Muslim community.	Ahmad Gianpiero Vincenzo	Naples
place of birth	Alaa Baidoun (Arabic: علاء بيضون‎) (born 5 March 1983 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Alaa Baidoun	Aleppo
place of birth	Leonard Gaskin (August 25, 1920 -- January 24, 2009) was an American jazz bassist born in New York City.	Leonard Gaskin	New York City
place of birth	Giancarlo Falappa (born June 30, 1963 in Filottrano, province of Ancona) is a former Italian motorcycle road racer.	Giancarlo Falappa	Filottrano
place of birth	Odilon Polleunis (born 1 May 1943), nicknamed Lon, was a Belgian football player who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1968 while at Sint-Truiden.	Odilon Polleunis	Sint-Truiden
place of birth	Diana DeGarmo was born in Birmingham, Alabama, but was raised primarily in Snellville, Georgia.	Diana DeGarmo	Birmingham
place of birth	Milton Mesirow, better known as Mezz Mezzrow (November 9, 1899 -- August 5, 1972) was an American jazz clarinetist and saxophonist from Chicago, Illinois.	Mezz Mezzrow	Chicago
place of birth	Quentin Harris (born 8 September 1970 in Detroit, Michigan) is a New York City-based house music producer, remixer and DJ. He is active in the gay, underground, and pop-dance music scenes.	Quentin Harris	Detroit
place of birth	Mahi Khennane (born 21 October 1936 in Mascara) is a retired French-Algerian footballer who represented both the French and Algerian sides.	Mahi Khennane	Mascara
place of birth	Zoran Stavreski (born 29 October 1964 in Ohrid) was the Macedonian Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Finance.	Zoran Stavreski	Ohrid
place of birth	John Sangster (17 November 1928 -- 26 October 1995) was an Australian jazz composer, arranger, drummer, cornettist and vibraphonist born in Melbourne, most well known as a composer though also a gifted multi-instrumentalist.	John Sangster	Melbourne
place of birth	Robin Morgan was born on January 29, 1941 in Lake Worth, Florida, although her birthdate was reported inaccurately throughout her career as a child actor.	Robin Morgan	Lake Worth
place of birth	Robert Vano (born May 5, 1948 in Nové Zámky, Slovakia) is a Slovak photographer who currently resides in Prague.	Robert Vano	Nové Zámky
place of birth	Johnny Famechon (born Jean-Pierre Famechon 28 March 1945 in Paris, France) is a former Australian featherweight boxer.	Johnny Famechon	Paris
place of birth	Penny Park, born in Montreal, Quebec is a Canadian journalist and science writer from Toronto, Ontario.	Penny Park	Montreal
place of birth	Toshiwo Doko (土光 敏夫 Dokō Toshio, September 15, 1896 - August 4, 1988) was a Japanese engineer born in Mitsu District, Okayama.	Toshiwo Doko	Mitsu District
place of birth	Ignas Dedura (born 6 January 1978 in Kaunas, Soviet Union) is a football player who is a free agent.	Ignas Dedura	Kaunas
place of birth	Emily Carroll (born June 1983) is a Canadian comics author from London, Ontario.	Emily Carroll	London
place of birth	Aurélien Panis (born 29 October 1994 in Saint-Martin-d'Hères) is a professional French racing driver.	Aurélien Panis	Saint-Martin-d'Hères
place of birth	Thierry Beschefer, sometimes given as ``Theodore'', (Châlons-en-Champagne 25 March 1630 -- Reims 4 February 1711), was a Jesuit missionary and became the superior of the Canadian mission.	Thierry Beschefer	Châlons-en-Champagne
place of birth	Carl Friedrich Roewer (12 October 1881, Neustrelitz - 17 June 1963) was a German arachnologist.	Carl Friedrich Roewer	Neustrelitz
place of birth	Kevin Guppy (born January 29, 1987 in Chino Hills, California) is a former American professional soccer player.	Kevin Guppy	Chino Hills
place of birth	Cendrino Misidjan (born 29 August 1988 in Paramaribo) is a Dutch professional footballer of Surinamese descent who plays as a left back for Ermis Aradippou in Cypriot First Division.	Cendrino Misidjan	Paramaribo
place of birth	Kendell Geers was born in Johannesburg as Jacobus Hermanus Pieters Geers into a white working-class Afrikaans family during the time of apartheid.	Kendell Geers	Johannesburg
place of birth	Samuel Hernanz (born April 15, 1986 in Tarbes, France) is a French-born Spanish slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s.	Samuel Hernanz	Tarbes
place of birth	Zdenko Adamović (born 20 December 1963 in Osijek) is a Croatian football manager and former player.	Zdenko Adamović	Osijek
place of birth	Morris Mac Davis (born January 21, 1942), known as Mac Davis, is a country music singer, songwriter and actor, originally from Lubbock, Texas, who has enjoyed much crossover success.	Mac Davis	Lubbock
place of birth	Kassim Abdallah Mfoihaia (born 9 April 1987 in Marseille) is a French-born Comorian professional footballer.	Kassim Abdallah	Marseille
place of birth	Zhang Dan (simplified Chinese: 张丹; traditional Chinese: 張丹; pinyin: Zhāng Dān; born October 4, 1985 in Harbin, Heilongjiang, China) is a Chinese pair skater.	Zhang Dan	Harbin
place of birth	Martin O'Malley was born on January 18, 1963, in Washington, D.C., the child of Barbara (née Suelzer) and Thomas Martin O'Malley.	Martin O'Malley	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Carlene Smith is Jamaica's first Dancehall Queen.	Carlene Smith	Jamaica
place of birth	Susan Ahn Cuddy was born in 1915 in Los Angeles, California as the eldest daughter of Dosan Ahn Changho and Helen Ahn.	Susan Ahn Cuddy	Los Angeles
place of birth	On April 2013 Teuta Arifi was elected the Mayor of Municipality of Tetovo.	Teuta Arifi	Tetovo
place of birth	Isaac Tondo (born on May 2, 1981 in Monrovia) is a Liberian football striker.	Isaac Tondo	Monrovia
place of birth	Born in Vildemoinhos, near Viseu, Portugal, Carlos Lopes worked as a stonecutter's helper.	Carlos Lopes	Viseu
place of birth	Cordell Barker (born 1956) is a Canadian animator based in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Cordell Barker	Winnipeg
place of birth	Ola Skaalvik Elvevold (born June 12, 1988 in Tromsø) is a Norwegian environmentalist.	Ola Skaalvik Elvevold	Tromsø
place of birth	Sedat Bornovalı (born 31 May 1970 in Istanbul) is an art historian (PhD), interpreter and professional tourist guide in Italian, English and Turkish.	Sedat Bornovalı	Istanbul
place of birth	Eberhard II von der Mark was born in Aremberg in 1365, the son of Eberhard I von der Mark and grandson of Engelbert II, Count of the Mark, ruler of the County of Mark.	Eberhard II von der Mark	Aremberg
place of birth	Teresa Brambilla was born in Cassano d'Adda to a musical family.	Teresa Brambilla	Cassano d'Adda
place of birth	Gorazd Štangelj (born January 27, 1973 in Novo Mesto) is a former Slovenian professional road bicycle racer, who raced as a professional between 1997 and 2011.	Gorazd Štangelj	Novo Mesto
place of birth	Mamba Sano (1903 in Kissidougou, Guinea -- July 4, 1985) was a Guinean politician who served in the French National Assembly from 1946-1958 .	Mamba Sano	Kissidougou
place of birth	Barry Goudreau (born November 29, 1951) is a musician, best known as one of the original guitarists for the rock band Boston.	Barry Goudreau	Boston
place of birth	Mariusz Lewandowski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmarjuʂ lɛvanˈdɔfski); born 18 May 1979 in Legnica) is a Polish footballer who last played as a central defender for PFC Sevastopol and the Polish national football team.	Mariusz Lewandowski	Legnica
place of birth	Elias Khoury was born in 1948 into a Greek Orthodox middle-class family in the predominantly Christian Ashrafiyye district of Beirut.	Elias Khoury	Beirut
place of birth	María Rosa Lojo (born 1954) is an author born in Buenos Aires.	María Rosa Lojo	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Esther Haase (born 20 February 1966, Bremen) is a German photographer and film director.	Esther Haase	Bremen
place of birth	John Maynard Keynes was born in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England, to an upper-middle-class family.	John Maynard Keynes	Cambridge
place of birth	Jadranka Kosor was born in Lipik and finished her primary education in Pakrac.	Jadranka Kosor	Pakrac
place of birth	Sara Gettelfinger (born c. 1977 in Louisville, Kentucky) is American actress, singer, and dancer.	Sara Gettelfinger	Louisville
place of birth	Sideris Tasiadis (born 7 May 1990 in Augsburg) is a German slalom canoeist of Greek descent who has competed since the mid-2000s.	Sideris Tasiadis	Augsburg
place of birth	Erwin Nypels (born 1 August 1933 in Bloemendaal, North Holland) is a Dutch former politician.	Erwin Nypels	Bloemendaal
place of birth	Caroline Paterson (born 28 November 1965 in Kirkcaldy, Scotland) is a Scottish actress who has appeared in many Scottish television shows such as one-off STV drama, The Steamie and the BBC's Rab C. Nesbitt.	Caroline Paterson	Kirkcaldy
place of birth	Margaret Peterson Haddix was born in Washington Court House, Ohio and grew up on a farm near there.	Margaret Peterson Haddix	Washington Court House
place of birth	Matteo Prandelli (born 18 November 1988 in Brescia) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sambenedettese Calcio and for the Padania national football team.	Matteo Prandelli	Brescia
place of birth	Dmitry Oreshkin (Russian: Дмитрий Орешкин; born 27 June 1953 in Moscow) is a Russian political scientist.	Dmitry Oreshkin	Moscow
place of birth	Eng Dr Sarath Abayawardana is a former Director and Chief Executive Officer of the National Science Foundation (NSF) Sri Lanka.	Sarath Abayawardana	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Vítězslav Tuma (born 4 July 1971 in Nový Jičín) is a former Czech football forward.	Vítězslav Tuma	Nový Jičín
place of birth	Harry Whitney was born on December 1, 1873 in New Haven, Connecticut, to a wealthy family.	Harry Whitney	New Haven, Connecticut
place of birth	Fabrizio Romondini (born 24 April 1977 in Rome) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Pergocrema.	Fabrizio Romondini	Rome
place of birth	Catherine Cusack (born 21 December 1968, in London) is an English actress.	Catherine Cusack	London
place of birth	Robert Jackson Bennett (born 1984 in Baton Rouge ) is an American writer of speculative fiction.	Robert Jackson Bennett	Baton Rouge
place of birth	Tevfik Gelenbe (1931, Istanbul -- 20 October 2004, Istanbul) was a well-known and prolific Turkish actor and comedian.	Tevfik Gelenbe	Istanbul
place of birth	Earl Kenneth Olsen, born 2 July 1903 in Brooklyn, New York, was a member of the U.S. Naval Academy Class of 1926.	Earl Kenneth Olsen	Brooklyn
place of birth	Iosif Berman was born in Burdujeni, near Suceava to a Jewish father who had been awarded the Romanian citizenship for participating in the 1877 Romanian War of Independence.	Iosif Berman	Burdujeni
place of birth	Marco Brambilla is a Milan-born, New York City-based video collage and installation artist, known for his elaborate recontextualizations of popular and found imagery, which Vanity Fair praises as ``critiques and masterpieces of visual overload.''	Marco Brambilla	Milan
place of birth	Omar Sharif, whose surname means ``noble'' or ``nobleman'' in Arabic, was born on 10 April 1932, as Michel Dimitri Chalhoub in Alexandria, Egypt, to a Melkite Catholic family of Lebanese descent.	Omar Sharif	Alexandria
place of birth	Gerard 't Hooft was born in Den Helder on July 5, 1946, but grew up in The Hague, the seat of government of the Netherlands.	Gerard 't Hooft	Den Helder
place of birth	Ilia Trilling (or Ilya Trilling) (1895, Elberfeld (now Wuppertal) -- 1947) was a German-born Yiddish theatrical producer and composer for Yiddish theatrical works.	Ilia Trilling	Elberfeld
place of birth	Betty Harris (born 1939, Orlando, Florida, United States) is an American soul singer.	Betty Harris	Orlando
place of birth	Heidemarie Koch (December 17, 1943 in Merseburg) is a German Iranologist.	Heidemarie Koch	Merseburg
place of birth	Born in Rahway, New Jersey, Thaddeus Hyatt became actively involved in the abolitionist movement after Congress passed the Kansas-Nebraska Act in 1854.	Thaddeus Hyatt	Rahway
place of birth	Born in Baramulla, Kashmir, Manav Kaul lived in Hoshangabad, Madhya Pradesh.	Manav Kaul	Kashmir
place of birth	Alec Puro, otherwise known as Alec Püre, was born April 25, 1975 in Santa Monica, California.	Alec Puro	Santa Monica
place of birth	Born in São Tomé and Príncipe, Yazaldes Nascimento became a Portuguese citizen in July 2006.	Yazaldes Nascimento	São Tomé
place of birth	Lelde Priedulēna (born 20 July 1993 in Sigulda) is a Latvian skeleton racer.	Lelde Priedulēna	Sigulda
place of birth	Dew was born at Far Cotton, in Hardingstone, Northamptonshire, one of seven children to Walter Dew Sr (ca 1822-1884), a railway guard, and his wife Eliza (ca 1832-1914).	Walter Dew	Hardingstone
place of birth	Julius Aghahowa (Ukrainian: Джуліус Агахова; born 12 February 1982 in Benin City) is a retired Nigerian footballer.	Julius Aghahowa	Benin City
place of birth	Federico Mussini made his debut for Grissin Bon Reggio Emilia in May 2013 against Pallacanestro Virtus Roma, but only played one minute.	Federico Mussini	Reggio Emilia
place of birth	Ignazio Lupo was born in Palermo, Sicily, to parents Rocco Lupo and Onofria Saietta.	Ignazio Lupo	Sicily
place of birth	Eugenio Elorduy Walther (b. November 21, 1940, Calexico, California) is a Mexican politician.	Eugenio Elorduy Walther	Calexico
place of birth	Michael Haydn was born in 1737 in the Austrian village of Rohrau, near the Hungarian border.	Michael Haydn	Rohrau
place of birth	Giannis Mallous (born on 7 February 1974 in Dortmund, Germany) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a Defender.	Giannis Mallous	Dortmund
place of birth	Tomasz Kupisz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈtɔmaʂ ˈkupiʂ); born January 2, 1990 in Radom) is a Polish footballer who plays for Brescia on loan from Chievo.	Tomasz Kupisz	Radom
place of birth	Jukka-Pekka Saraste (born April 22, 1956, Lahti) is a Finnish conductor and violinist.	Jukka-Pekka Saraste	Lahti
place of birth	Patrick d'Arcy (27 September 1725 -- 18 October 1779) was born in the west of Ireland.	Patrick d'Arcy	Ireland
place of birth	Jeffrey D. Sams (born June 18, 1968 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American actor known primarily for his television work.	Jeffrey D. Sams	Cincinnati
place of birth	Panagiotis Soutsos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Σοῦτσος 1806-1868), was a Greek newspaper editor, journalist, author, and poet of the romantic school, born in Constantinople (modern Istanbul, Turkey).	Panagiotis Soutsos	Istanbul
place of birth	James Harrell Herring, Sr., known as Jim Herring (born 1938) is a lawyer in private practice from his native Canton in Madison County, outside the capital city of Jackson in the U.S. state of Mississippi.	Jim Herring	Canton
place of birth	Roger Hanin was born in 1925 in Algiers, Algeria as Roger Lévy to Jewish parents.	Roger Hanin	Algiers
place of birth	Mark Natanson was born in 1850 in Švenčionys, Lithuania to a wealthy Jewish family.	Mark Natanson	Švenčionys
place of birth	João de Castilho (1470--1552), also known as Juan de Castillo, was a Castiliian and a notable Iberian architect born in Castillo Siete Villas, actually Arnuero (Cantabria).	João de Castilho	Arnuero
place of birth	Mikhail Dostoyevsky was born on November 25, 1820 in Moscow, where his father was a surgeon at the Mariinsky Hospital.	Mikhail Dostoyevsky	Moscow
place of birth	Harry Stewart New was born in Indianapolis, Indiana on December 31, 1858, the son of John C. New and his wife, Melissa (Beeler) New.	Harry Stewart New	Indianapolis
place of birth	James Laurie Snell, often cited as J. Laurie Snell, (born January 15th, 1925, Wheaton, Illinois; died March 19, 2011, Hanover, New Hampshire) was an American mathematician.	J. Laurie Snell	Wheaton
place of birth	Alon Carmeli spent his formative years in Haifa, Israel.	Alon Carmeli	Haifa
place of birth	Tupper was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia to the Rev. Charles Tupper and Miriam Lockhart.	Charles Tupper	Amherst
place of birth	Maryla Rodowicz (born Maria Antonina Rodowicz, 8 December 1945 in Zielona Góra) is a Polish singer and actress.	Maryla Rodowicz	Zielona Góra
place of birth	Chris Colwill (born September 11, 1984) is an American international diver from Tampa, Florida.	Chris Colwill	Tampa
place of birth	Jeroen Drost (born 21 January 1987 in Kampen) is a Dutch former footballer, who played as a left back.	Jeroen Drost	Kampen
place of birth	Tammy Lynn Michaels (born Tammy Lynn Doring on November 26, 1974 in Lafayette, Indiana), also known by the surname Etheridge from her relationship with Melissa Etheridge, is an American actress.	Tammy Lynn Michaels	Lafayette
place of birth	Stewart Shining is a New York City-based photographer of contemporary actors, musicians, and models.	Stewart Shining	New York City
place of birth	Robert Rollo Gillespie was born and grew up in Comber, County Down, in what is now Northern Ireland.	Rollo Gillespie	Comber
place of birth	Stephen Leacock was born in Swanmore, in the county of Hampshire in southern England.	Stephen Leacock	Hampshire
place of birth	Nozim Babadjanov (Tajik: Нозим Бобоҷонов, Persian: ناظم باباجانف‎‎) is a Tajikistani footballer who plays for FC Istiklol and the Tajikistan national football team.	Nozim Babadjanov	Tajikistan
place of birth	Andreas Mangouris (Greek: Αντρέας Μανγκούρης; born May 21, 1997) is a Cypriot footballer who currently plays for AEK Larnaca as a striker.	Andreas Mangouris	Larnaca
place of birth	Pavel Chasnowski (Belarusian: Павел Часноўскі; Russian: Павел Чесновский (Pavel Chesnovskiy); born 4 March 1986 in Minsk) is a Belarusian professional footballer, who is currently playing for Gorodeya.	Pavel Chasnowski	Minsk
place of birth	Natividad Barroso Garcia (Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 1937) is an investigator of ethno-folklore, essayist and Venezuelan poet.	Natividad Barroso	Santa Cruz de Tenerife
place of birth	Daniel Cramer (Daniel Candidus) (20 January 1568 -- 5 October 1637) was a German Lutheran theologian and writer from Reetz (Recz), Brandenburg.	Daniel Cramer	Recz
place of birth	Aristeidis Alafouzos (Greek: Αριστείδης Αλαφούζος, Santorini, 1924) is a Greek shipowner, civil engineer and media mogul.	Aristeidis Alafouzos	Santorini
place of birth	Per Harry Nylén, better known as Pelle Nylén, born 4 February 1965 in Gävle, is a Swedish music producer and songwriter.	Pelle Nylén	Gävle
place of birth	Sir Ferdinando Gorges died on May 24, 1647 in his home in Long Ashton (then known as Ashton-Phillips) and is buried in the All Saint's Churchyard, Long Ashton, Somerset, England.	Ferdinando Gorges	Somerset
place of birth	Panchi Bora is an Indian television actress and model from Assam.	Panchi Bora	Assam
place of birth	Qin Mu was born in British Hong Kong, whose family line could be traced back to Dongli Town, Chenghai District, Shantou, Guangdong Province.	Qin Mu	Hong Kong
place of birth	Juraj Demeč (born 29 January 1945 in Uzhhorod) is a Czechoslovak former track and field athlete who competed in the 100 metres.	Juraj Demeč	Uzhhorod
place of birth	Angelo Parisi (born January 3, 1953 in Arpino, Frosinone, Italy) is a French judoka and olympic champion.	Angelo Parisi	Arpino
place of birth	Franco de Peña (Caracas, 25 March 1966) is a polish-venezuelan film director.	Franco de Peña	Caracas
place of birth	Andrew Thomas DelGiorno, also known as ``Tommy Del'' (born 1940, South Philadelphia), is a former American mobster, captain in the Philadelphia crime family and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) informant.	Andrew Thomas DelGiorno	Philadelphia
place of birth	Kellylee Evans (born 7 February 1975 in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian jazz and soul music vocalist.	Kellylee Evans	Scarborough
place of birth	Raúl Alberto González (born 9 June 1976 in Venado Tuerto, Santa Fe) is an Argentine football player currently playing in Italy for the Serie D club U.S. Darfo Boario S.S.D..	Raúl Alberto González	Venado Tuerto
place of birth	Kai Bülow (born 31 May 1986 in Rostock) is a German footballer who plays as defender for TSV 1860 München in the 2.	Kai Bülow	Rostock
place of birth	Liu Zhongqing (simplified Chinese: 刘忠庆; traditional Chinese: 劉忠慶; pinyin: Liú Zhōngqìng; born November 10, 1985 in Daqing, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese aerial skier.	Liu Zhongqing	Daqing
place of birth	António Manoel de Vilhena was born in Lisbon on 28 May 1663 to the aristocrat and general Dom Sancho Manoel de Vilhena, 1st Count de Vila Flor and his first wife, Ana de Noronha.	António Manoel de Vilhena	Lisbon
place of birth	Asi Levi (Hebrew: אסי לוי‎; born September 28, 1969 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli Film Academy Award winning actress.	Asi Levi	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Roger Walkowiak was recruited for the French regional Nord-Est-Centre team, representing the North-east and Centre of France, despite coming from Montluçon in the South-West.	Roger Walkowiak	Montluçon
place of birth	Steve Thayer (b. March 23, 1953 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is an author whose work has been on The New York Times Best Seller list.	Steve Thayer	Saint Paul
place of birth	Zhang Chenglin (simplified Chinese: 张成林; traditional Chinese: 張成林; Pinyin: Zhāng Chénglín; born 20 January 1987 in Bengbu, Anhui) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guizhou Renhe in the Chinese Super League.	Zhang Chenglin	Bengbu
place of birth	Andrew Regan (born 14 December 1965, Manchester, England) is a British-born polar explorer and entrepreneur.	Andrew Regan	Manchester
place of birth	Justus Erich Bollmann or Eric Bollman (1769, Hoya, Hanover -- 9 December 1821, Jamaica) was a German physician.	Eric Bollman	Hoya
place of birth	Jefferson Feijão, real name Jefferson Marques da Conceição (born August 21, 1978, in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais) is a Brazilian footballer.	Jefferson Feijão	Belo Horizonte
place of birth	(Christopher Joseph) Chris Wall (born 23 December 1946, in Dublin) is an associate of former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern.	Chris Wall	Dublin
place of birth	Diana Franco was born in Cali, Colombia and in 1982 moved to New York City, where she lived and studied.	Diana Franco	Cali
place of birth	Aaron Labonte (born 27 November 1983 in Middlesbrough, England) is an English former professional footballer.	Aaron Labonte	Middlesbrough
place of birth	Steven H Silver (born April 19, 1967, Hinsdale, Illinois) is an American science fiction fan and bibliographer, publisher, and editor.	Steven H Silver	Hinsdale
place of birth	Fred D'Aguiar was born in London in 1960 to Guyanese parents, Malcolm Frederick D'Aguiar and Kathleen Agatha Messiah.	Fred D'Aguiar	London
place of birth	Jamie Bochert studied dance while growing up in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Jamie Bochert	New Jersey
place of birth	Katie Carr (born London, 1973) is an English actress and underwear model.	Katie Carr	London
place of birth	Seuil, ISBN 2-02-023490-4, OCLC 33209653 LCC ML410.R23 J2 1995 H. Corbes, `` Louis Aubert compositeur malouin '' in Bulletin de la société d'histoire et d'archéologie de Saint-Malo, 1981.	Louis Aubert	Saint-Malo
place of birth	Born in Cachoeiro de Itapemirim, Espírito Santo state, Bujica started his career playing for the youth team of Flamengo, of Rio de Janeiro in 1983, when he was fourteen years-old, playing his first professional match in 1989.	Bujica	Cachoeiro de Itapemirim
place of birth	Carlos Domingos Duarte (born 25 March 1933 in Huambo), former Portuguese footballer who played for FC Porto, as forward.	Carlos Domingos Duarte	Huambo
place of birth	Bitty McLean (born 8 August 1972, Birmingham, England) is a British/Jamaican reggae, lovers rock and ragga musician.	Bitty McLean	Birmingham
place of birth	Hanns von Meyenburg (actually Walter but called Hanns; born 6 June 1887 in Dresden; died 6 November 1971) was a Swiss Pathologist.	Hanns von Meyenburg	Dresden
place of birth	Born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, José Pablo Moncayo was introduced to music by his elder brother Francisco.	José Pablo Moncayo	Guadalajara
place of birth	David Adjei (born March 3, 1977 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer currently playing in Austrian club ASK Köflach.	David Adjei	Accra
place of birth	Fausto Ippoliti (born 25 May 1979) is an Italian racing driver from Rome.	Fausto Ippoliti	Rome
place of birth	Julia Mächtig (born 1 January 1986 in Rostock) is a German heptathlete.	Julia Mächtig	Rostock
place of birth	Alexei Vinogradov was born to an ethnic Russian family in the village of Zhiganovo in Tver Oblast.	Alexei Vinogradov	Tver
place of birth	Jack Roscamp (8 August 1901 in Blaydon, County Durham, England -- 1939) was an English football player, renowned for his physical style of play.	Jack Roscamp	England
place of birth	Frank Báez is a Dominican poet, editor, and writer, born in 1978 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Frank Báez	Santo Domingo
place of birth	Taylor Hannah (Born on February 24, 1988 in Humble, TX) is an American fashion model and voice actress from Humble, TX.	Taylor Hannah	Humble
place of birth	Joseph Henabery (January 15, 1888 -- February 18, 1976) Omaha, Nebraska, was a US film actor, screenplay writer, and director.	Joseph Henabery	Omaha
place of birth	Omar Bravo Tordecillas (born 4 March 1980 in Los Mochis) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a striker and for Guadalajara in the Liga MX.	Omar Bravo	Los Mochis
place of birth	Nadia Styger (born 11 December 1978 in Zug) is a former Swiss World Cup alpine ski racer.	Nadia Styger	Zug
place of birth	Charles Taze Russell was born to Scotch-Irish parents, immigrant Joseph Lytel Russell /ˈlɪtəl/ (d. December 17, 1897) and Ann Eliza Birney (d. January 25, 1861), on February 16, 1852 in Allegheny, Pennsylvania.	Charles Taze Russell	Allegheny
place of birth	Hans-Georg Wieck (born March 28, 1928 in Hamburg) is a former German diplomat and was president of the German federal intelligence service Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND).	Hans-Georg Wieck	Hamburg
place of birth	Frank Schaffer (born October 23, 1958 in Eisenhüttenstadt) is a retired East German athlete who specialized in the 400 metres.	Frank Schaffer	Eisenhüttenstadt
place of birth	Elias Uzamukunda (born 15 May 1991 in Kigali) is a Rwandan football player who currently plays for French club Cannes in the Championnat de France amateur.	Elias Uzamukunda	Kigali
place of birth	Stephen Ratcliffe (born July 7, 1948 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a contemporary U.S. poet and critic who has published numerous books of poetry and three books of criticism.	Stephen Ratcliffe	Boston
place of birth	Born in Daventry, Northamptonshire, England, John Rose Holden was the son of a wealthy Church of England clergyman.	John Rose Holden	Daventry
place of birth	María del Monte Tejado Algaba (born on 26 April, 1962 in Seville, Andalusia) is a spanish folk singer and TV and radio hostess.	María del Monte	Seville
place of birth	Nick Awde Hill (born 29 December 1961 in London, England) is a British writer, artist, singer-songwriter and critic.	Nick Awde	London
place of birth	Trần Trọng Vũ (Hanoi, 1964) is a Vietnamese painter.	Trần Trọng Vũ	Hanoi
place of birth	Georgia Salpa was born in Athens to an Irish mother and Greek father.	Georgia Salpa	Athens
place of birth	Meese was born in Oakland, California, the eldest of four sons born to Leone (née Feldman) and Edwin Meese, Jr. He was raised in a practicing Lutheran family, of German descent.	Edwin Meese	Oakland
place of birth	Reed Hadley was born in Petrolia in Clay County near Wichita Falls in northern Texas, to Bert Herring, an oil well driller, and his wife Minnie.	Reed Hadley	Petrolia
place of birth	Marian Foik (6 October 1933 in Bielszowice, now Ruda Śląska -- May 20, 2005 in Warszawa) was a Polish athlete who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	Marian Foik	Ruda Śląska
place of birth	Francisco Santos Calderón also known as Pacho Santos born 14 August 1961 in the city of Bogotá, is a Colombian politician and journalist.	Francisco Santos Calderón	Bogotá
place of birth	Andreas Chronis (Greek: Ανδρέας Χρόνης; born 25 April 1989 in Bayside, Queens, New York) is a Greek-American soccer player who plays for Everton FC Westchester Eagles.	Andreas Chronis	Bayside, Queens
place of birth	Jonas Kamper (born 3 May 1983 in Nørre Alslev) is a Danish footballer who currently plays for Viborg FF in the Danish Superliga, in the position of right winger.	Jonas Kamper	Nørre Alslev
place of birth	Vedran Kukoč (born 26 January 1976 in Split), is a Croatian professional football player currently not attached to a club.	Vedran Kukoč	Split
place of birth	Dirk Bikkembergs was born in Cologne, Germany, as his father was in the Belgian Army.	Dirk Bikkembergs	Cologne
place of birth	Raymond Troye (1908--2003) was a Belgian officer and writer, born in Charleroi.	Raymond Troye	Charleroi
place of birth	Born and raised in Fall River, Massachusetts, Nancy Sorel received a degree in Theatre and Film from the University of Massachusetts/ Amherst.	Nancy Sorel	Fall River
place of birth	Samuel Hadida, born December 17, 1953, in Casablanca, Morocco, is a film producer.	Samuel Hadida	Casablanca
place of birth	Born in Charlottesville, Virginia, Kathleen Clifford's career acting was initially built on the vaudeville stages as a comedienne.	Kathleen Clifford	Charlottesville
place of birth	Augustyn Suski was born in Szaflary near Nowy Targ, one of six children of bakery owner Ludwik Suski and Marianna née Haschir of Hungarian background.	Augustyn Suski	Szaflary
place of birth	Joe Karafiát (born 1957 in Prague) is a Czech singer and guitarist.	Joe Karafiát	Prague
place of birth	Benoît Chassériau was the last of 18 children of Jean Chassériau, merchant, ship owner, advisor to the City of La Rochelle.	Benoît Chassériau	La Rochelle
place of birth	Jaroslav Krejčí (June 27, 1892, Konice, Margraviate of Moravia -- May 18, 1956) was a Czechoslovak lawyer and politician.	Jaroslav Krejčí	Konice
place of birth	William Gordon Welchman (15 June 1906, Bristol, England -- 8 October 1985, Newburyport, Massachusetts, US) was a British mathematician, university professor, Second World War codebreaker at Bletchley Park and author.	Gordon Welchman	Bristol
place of birth	Michael Mott (December 8, 1930, London - ) is the author of eleven poetry collections, four novels and a best-selling biography of Thomas Merton.	Michael Mott	London
place of birth	Cyrille Delannoit (alternatively Cyriel Delannoit; Geraardsbergen, 13 March 1926 -- 9 February 1998) was a Belgian boxer.	Cyrille Delannoit	Geraardsbergen
place of birth	Joseph James Hargrave was born and raised at York Factory, a fur trading post on Hudson Bay.	Joseph James Hargrave	York Factory
place of birth	Giulia Civita Franceschi (Naples, 1870 -- 27 October 1957) was an Italian educator.	Giulia Civita Franceschi	Naples
place of birth	Jon McLaughlin (born September 27, 1982) is an American pop rock singer-songwriter, producer and pianist from Anderson, Indiana.	Jon McLaughlin	Anderson
place of birth	Patti Drew (born December 29, 1944, Charleston, South Carolina) is an American pop singer who achieved brief success in the late 1960s.	Patti Drew	Charleston
place of birth	Max Speter was born in Beszterce, Austria-Hungary (now Bistrița, Romania), the youngest of seven children, to his Jewish parents Johann Speter and Anna Dollberg.	Max Speter	Bistrița
place of birth	Sara Jovanović was born on 29 October 1993 in Rome, Italy, to Serbian parents Saša and Jasna, and was raised bilingually in Serbian and Italian.	Sara Jovanović	Rome
place of birth	Dan Wakefield was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, where his family lived in the Broad Ripple Village area.	Dan Wakefield	Indianapolis
place of birth	Ladislav Lábus (born 21 November 1951 in Prague ) is a Czech architect and university teacher.	Ladislav Lábus	Prague
place of birth	Daniel Carasso, son of Isaac Carasso, was born in Salonica, Ottoman Empire (modern Thessaloniki, Greece), where his family had lived for four hundred years following Spain's expulsion of its Jews.	Daniel Carasso	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Yang Zezhi (Chinese: 杨泽志; pinyin: Yáng Zézhì; born 11 February 1991 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a Chinese footballer.	Yang Zezhi	Chengdu
place of birth	Seldon Powell (15 November 1928--25 January 1997) was an American soul jazz, swing and R&B tenor saxophonist and flautist born in Lawrenceville, Virginia, probably best remembered for his early work with musicians like Tab Smith (1949), Lucky Millinder 1949-51), Neal Hefti or Louis Bellson.	Seldon Powell	Virginia
place of birth	Teppei Tsuchiya (土谷 鉄平, born December 27, 1982 in Ōita, Ōita) is a Japanese professional baseball infielder.	Teppei Tsuchiya	Ōita
place of birth	Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. (Dutch: (mɑˈtɛis vɑn ˈhɛinɪŋə(n)), born 26 July 1965 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch filmmaker, writer and producer best known for Red Rain and The Thing.	Matthijs van Heijningen Jr.	Amsterdam
place of birth	Hiroshige was born in 1797 in the Yayosu Quay section of the Yaesu area in Edo (modern Tokyo).	Hiroshige	Tokyo
place of birth	Vlastimil Petržela (born 20 July 1953 in Prostějov) is a Czech football coach and former player, currently manager of FC Graffin Vlašim.	Vlastimil Petržela	Prostějov
place of birth	Baptized in Kempston, Bedfordshire, England on 15 February 1609/10, Frances Latham was the daughter of Lewis Latham and his wife Elizabeth.	Frances Latham	Kempston
place of birth	Giulio Giuricich (born 5 February 1990 in Johannesburg, Gauteng) is a South African footballer, who last played as a left-back for Moroka Swallows in the Premier Soccer League.	Giulio Giuricich	Johannesburg
place of birth	Andréa Vianna Beltrão (Rio de Janeiro, born on 16 September 1963), commonly known as Andréa Beltrão, is a Brazilian actress.	Andréa Beltrão	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Adelina Sotnikova began skating at the age of four at the Yuzhny ice rink near her home in Moscow.	Adelina Sotnikova	Moscow
place of birth	Gennaro di Cola (c. 1320 -- c. 1370) was an Italian painter of the Trecento, active mainly in Naples.	Gennaro di Cola	Naples
place of birth	Janet Estevez (née Templeton; born July 8, 1944 in Dayton, Ohio), best known as Janet Sheen, is an American actress and producer.	Janet Sheen	Dayton
place of birth	Sandro Luiz da Silva or simply Sandro (born March 13, 1983 in Paranaguá -- Paraná) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for FC Penafiel.	Sandro Luiz da Silva	Paranaguá
place of birth	Shawn Rojeski (born January 21, 1972 in Virginia, Minnesota) is an American curler from Chisholm, Minnesota and Olympic medalist.	Shawn Rojeski	Virginia
place of birth	Edward Fitzpatrick was born on August 29, 1884 in New York City, where he studied at the New York Training School for Teachers.	Edward Fitzpatrick	New York City
place of birth	Victor Webster was born in Calgary, Alberta, the son of Roswitha, a hair stylist, and John (``Jack'') Webster, a police officer.	Victor Webster	Calgary
place of birth	Marc Norman (born 1941, Los Angeles, California) is an American screenwriter.	Marc Norman	Los Angeles
place of birth	Leonora Baroni was born at the Gonzaga court in Mantua.	Leonora Baroni	Mantua
place of birth	Jomar was born in Rio de Janeiro, and made his professional debut in 2011.	Jomar	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Chief Marin (born about 1781, died March 15, 1839) was the ``great chief of the tribe Licatiut'' (a branch of Coast Miwok native to present-day Marin County, California), according to General Vallejo's semi-historical report to the first California State Legislature in 1850.	Chief Marin	Marin County
place of birth	Carolina Herrera Bang (born 21 September 1985 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands), professionally known as Carolina Bang, is a Spanish actress.	Carolina Bang	Santa Cruz de Tenerife
place of birth	Hans-Joachim Hessler (German: Heßler, born 7 January 1968 in Recklinghausen) is a German composer, musician and musicologist.	Hans-Joachim Hessler	Recklinghausen
place of birth	Aliprando Caprioli was an Italian engraver, born in Trento and active in Rome between 1575 and 1599, producing portraits and historical subjects in the style of Agostino Carracci and Cornelis Cort.	Aliprando Caprioli	Trento
place of birth	Al-Qadir (947 -- 29 November 1031) (Arabic: القادر‎) was the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 991 to 1031.	Al-Qadir	Baghdad
place of birth	Emil Wolk was born in Brooklyn, New York to principal baritone Jess Walters (Josuoh Wolk) and Emma Walters (née Defina).	Emil Wolk	Brooklyn
place of birth	Sophia Olelkovich Radziwill (Saint Sophia of Slutsk, Princess Sophia of Slutsk; May 1, 1585 -- March 19, 1612) was the last descendant of the family Olelkovich-Slutsk (princes of Slutsk and Kopyl) who were descended from Prince Algirdas.	Sophia Olelkovich Radziwill	Slutsk
place of birth	Fabio Visone (born 26 February 1983 in Naples) is an Italian football player.	Fabio Visone	Naples
place of birth	Brook Lopez was born in North Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, to Deborah Ledford and his now-estranged father, Heriberto Lopez, a native of Cuba.	Brook Lopez	North Hollywood
place of birth	Dwight Tiendalli (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdwai̯t tinˈdɑlɪ); born 21 October 1985 in Paramaribo) is a Surinamese-born Dutch footballer who plays as a full back.	Dwight Tiendalli	Paramaribo
place of birth	Marcello Abbado (born 7 October 1926, Milan) is an Italian composer, conductor, and pianist.	Marcello Abbado	Milan
place of birth	George Lippard was born on April 10, 1822, near Yellow Springs, in West Nantmeal Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, on the farm of his father, Daniel B. Lippard.	George Lippard	Chester County
place of birth	Anandiben Patel was born on 21 November 1941, in Kharod village of (Vijapur) taluka of Mehsana district, Gujarat, where her father, Jethabhai , was a teacher.	Anandiben Patel	Kharod
place of birth	John Golightly (born 18 May 1936 in Resolven, Glamorgan) is an actor who has appeared in numerous British television productions over a 45-year period.	John Golightly	Resolven
place of birth	Merce Cunningham was born in Centralia, Washington in 1919, the second of three sons.	Merce Cunningham	Centralia
place of birth	Dorel Zegrean (born 4 December 1969, in Mărișelu) is a former Romanian footballer who played as a defender, whose teams included Gloria Bistriţa, Fortuna Sittard, Naţional Bucureşti, and Dynamo Berlin.	Dorel Zegrean	Mărișelu
place of birth	Sir Henry Moore, 1st Baronet (1713 -- 11 September 1769) was a British colonial leader who served as governor of Jamaica and as royal Governor of Province of New York from 1765 to 1769.	Sir Henry Moore, 1st Baronet	Jamaica
place of birth	George Petty was born in Abbeville, the seat of Vermilion Parish in south Louisiana to George Brown Petty III and his wife, Sarah.	George Petty	Abbeville
place of birth	Michał Rawita-Witanowski was born in Częstochowa, graduating from middle school in Kielce.	Michał Rawita-Witanowski	Częstochowa
place of birth	Robert Duxbury (born in Darwen, Lancashire) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town.	Robert Duxbury	Darwen
place of birth	Ivan Fiolić (born 29 April 1996) is a Croatian footballer playing for Dinamo Zagreb in Prva HNL as an offensive midfielder.	Ivan Fiolić	Zagreb
place of birth	Carl Theodor Albrecht (August 30, 1843, Dresden, Kingdom of Saxony -- August 31, 1915) was a German astronomer.	Carl Theodor Albrecht	Dresden
place of birth	Born in Mirošov, Karel Kašpar attended the seminary in Plzeň and the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare in Rome.	Karel Kašpar	Mirošov
place of birth	Dick Danello, stage name of Filippo D'Anello (Belvedere Marittimo, January 1, 1943), is an italian singer, songwriter, producer, presenter and actor living in Brazil.	Dick Danello	Belvedere Marittimo
place of birth	Duško Đurišić (Cyrillic: Душкo Ђуpишић, born 20 December 1977 in Bar) is a former Montenegrin football player.	Duško Đurišić	Bar
place of birth	Walter Kurt Wiemken was born in Basel in 1907 to German parents who had gained Swiss citizenship in 1898.	Walter Kurt Wiemken	Basel
place of birth	Mate Maleš (born 11 March 1989 in Šibenik), is a Croatian player who plays for NK Rijeka of the MAXtv Prva Liga.	Mate Maleš	Šibenik
place of birth	Kara Zediker is an American actress born in Kankakee, Illinois.	Kara Zediker	Kankakee
place of birth	Lucas Samaras (born September 14, 1936) is an artist who was born in Kastoria, Greece.	Lucas Samaras	Kastoria
place of birth	John Serry (born 1954, John Serry Jr., in New York City) is a jazz pianist and composer, as well as a composer of contemporary classical music works that feature percussion, on which he also doubles.	John Serry	New York City
place of birth	David Reddick (born April 14, 1971 in Anderson, Indiana) is an American artist, illustrator and cartoonist.	David Reddick	Anderson
place of birth	Guan Linzheng was born in a rural peasant family in Hu County, Shaanxi.	Guan Linzheng	Hu County
place of birth	Linda Reinstein (December 28, 1955, San Diego, California) is the co-founder of the Asbestos Disease Awareness Organization, a nonprofit focused on asbestos awareness and preventing related diseases through education, advocacy, and community efforts.	Linda Reinstein	San Diego
place of birth	Halfdan Cleve (5 October 1879 -- 6 April 1951) was a Norwegian composer, born and raised in Kongsberg.	Halfdan Cleve	Kongsberg
place of birth	Jimmy Carroll (born 26 July 1957 in Hospital, County Limerick) is a retired Irish sportsperson.	Jimmy Carroll	Hospital
place of birth	Lisa See was born in Paris February 18, 1955, but has spent many years in Los Angeles, especially Los Angeles Chinatown.	Lisa See	Paris
place of birth	Dirk Jan Derksen, (born 17 June 1972 in Tiel) is a Dutch retired former football player.	Dirk Jan Derksen	Tiel
place of birth	Warren Christie was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, but spent most of his childhood in London, Ontario.	Warren Christie	Belfast
place of birth	Eliza Gilkyson (born August 24, 1950, Hollywood, California) is an Austin, Texas-based folk musician.	Eliza Gilkyson	Hollywood
place of birth	Timoteus Pokora was born on 26 June 1928 in Brno, which was then part of the First Czechoslovak Republic.	Timoteus Pokora	Brno
place of birth	Born in Offenburg, Baden, Hanns Martin Schleyer came from a national-conservative family.	Hanns Martin Schleyer	Offenburg
place of birth	Colton Ford (October 12th, 1962, Pasadena, California), is the stage name of the former American gay pornographic actor, Glenn Soukesian, who returned to his original career path of singer, and actor.	Colton Ford	Pasadena
place of birth	Usually just known as Grenville Morris, he was born in Builth Wells, Wales.	Grenville Morris	Builth Wells
place of birth	Christoph Spering (23 June 1959 in Simmern) is a German conductor of classical music, especially church music.	Christoph Spering	Simmern
place of birth	Trampas Parker (born July 27, 1967 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is an American former two-time Grand Prix motocross world champion.	Trampas Parker	Shreveport
place of birth	Paul Hay (born 14 November 1980 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Scottish Third Division side Clyde.	Paul Hay	Glasgow
place of birth	Osman Rashid was born in London and did his early schooling in Ghana and finished middle and high school from Islamabad, Pakistan.	Osman Rashid	London
place of birth	Theodore Puck (September 24, 1916 -- November 6, 2005) was an American geneticist born in Chicago, Illinois.	Theodore Puck	Chicago
place of birth	The son of department store owner Max D. Einstein, Siegfried Einstein was born in the small city of Laupheim in Württemberg.	Siegfried Einstein	Laupheim
place of birth	David Mullich (born 1958, in Burbank, California) is an American game producer and designer best known for creating the cult classic 1980 adventure game The Prisoner, producing the 1995 adaptation I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream, and developing many games in the Heroes of Might and Magic franchise.	David Mullich	Burbank
place of birth	Mario Pappagallo (Rome, 1 June 1954) is an Italian journalist and essayist.	Mario Pappagallo	Rome
place of birth	Pierre Coustant (born at Compiègne, France, 30 April 1654; died at the Abbey of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, near Paris, 18 October 1721) was a French Benedictine scholar, of the Congregation of Saint-Maur.	Pierre Coustant	Compiègne
place of birth	Lady Sovereign was born Louise Amanda Harman in 1985 to Colin Andrew Harman and Nicola Harman (née Wood), in Wembley, northwest London.	Lady Sovereign	London
place of birth	Born Marie-Paule Coeuré in Saint-Omer, Pas-de-Calais, France, Paulette Noizeux made her film debut in the 1911 Abel Gance-directed film short La Digue, opposite actors Jean Renoir and Jean Toulout.	Paulette Noizeux	Saint-Omer
place of birth	Jair Benítez Sinisterra (born 11 January 1979 in Jamundí) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Águilas Pereira from Categoría Primera A.	Jair Benítez	Jamundí
place of birth	David Levinthal (1949 in San Francisco, California) is a photographer who lives and works in New York.	David Levinthal	San Francisco
place of birth	Ivan Korbankolev (Bulgarian: Иван Корбанколев) (born on 20 June 1987) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a striker for Yeledzhik Ihtiman.	Ivan Korbankolev	Ihtiman
place of birth	William Douglas Lansford (July 13, 1922 in Los Angeles -- May 22, 2013) was an author, screenwriter, and film producer.	William Douglas Lansford	Los Angeles
place of birth	Vasily Perov was born 2 January 1834 (21 December 1833 Old Style) in Tobolsk, being the illegitimate son of procurator, baron Grigory Karlovich Kridener.	Vasily Perov	Tobolsk
place of birth	Yana Rattigan (born Yana Stadnik 20 January 1987 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, USSR) is a Ukrainian born wrestler who competes internationally for Great Britain and England.	Yana Rattigan	Lviv
place of birth	Adam Hildreth (born 25 March 1985 in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England) setup his first company, Dubit Limited when he was 14.	Adam Hildreth	Leeds
place of birth	Giancarlo Neri is a sculptor born in Naples in 1955.	Giancarlo Neri	Naples
place of birth	Lies Jans (born 20 January 1974 in Anderlecht) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA.	Lies Jans	Anderlecht
place of birth	Damu Cherry (born November 29, 1977 in Tampa, Florida) is an American hurdler.	Damu Cherry	Tampa
place of birth	Mordicai Gerstein (born November 24, 1935 in Los Angeles, California) is an American artist, writer, and film director, best known for illustrating and writing children's books.	Mordicai Gerstein	Los Angeles
place of birth	Colleen Murphy (born 1954 in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec) is a Canadian screenwriter, film director and playwright.	Colleen Murphy	Rouyn-Noranda
place of birth	Milt Larsen (born April 9, 1931 in Pasadena, California) is a writer, actor, performer, lyricist, magician, entrepreneur, speaker and the creator of The Magic Castle, a private club for magicians and enthusiasts.	Milt Larsen	Pasadena
place of birth	A.J. Henderson is a Canadian voice actor, born in Montreal, Quebec.	A.J. Henderson	Montreal
place of birth	Vivek Mishra (born 8 September 1986) is an Indian gymnast from Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh.	Vivek Mishra	Allahabad
place of birth	Shannon Walker (born 4 June 1965 in Houston, Texas) is an American scientist and a NASA astronaut, whose first space mission was Expedition 24 on the International Space Station with take-off on 15 June 2010.	Shannon Walker	Houston
place of birth	Bebeto, who was born in Salvador, Brazil, started his career in 1983 with Vitória.	Bebeto	Salvador
place of birth	Élber de Souza (born 23 July 1972 in Londrina, Paraná) commonly known as Giovane Élber, is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.	Giovane Élber	Londrina
place of birth	Carl Saltzmann (1847--1923) was a German marine and landscape painter, born in Berlin.	Carl Saltzmann	Berlin
place of birth	Li Jianrou (Chinese: 李坚柔; born 15 August 1986 in Jilin City, Jilin Province) is a Chinese Short track Speed skater.	Li Jianrou	Jilin City
place of birth	Martin Wiig (born 22 August 1983) is a Norwegian football striker who currently plays for Bodø/Glimt in the Norwegian Tippeligaen.	Martin Wiig	Bodø
place of birth	Wouter Abts (in French, Gautier Abts) was born at Lier, near Antwerp, possibly in 1582.	Wouter Abts	Lier
place of birth	Aleksei Borisovich Yeryomenko (Russian: Алексей Борисович Ерёменко; born 17 January 1964 in Novocherkassk), also known as Alexei Eremenko Sr., is a retired Soviet and Russian professional footballer who also holds Finnish citizenship.	Aleksei Borisovich Yeryomenko	Novocherkassk
place of birth	Vincent Villafranca was born January 25, 1969 in Monterey, California and spent his early years in Venezuela, Mexico and Del Rio, Texas.	Vincent Villafranca	Monterey
place of birth	Borys Szyc (born Borys Michalak in September 4, 1978 in Łódź) is a Polish theatre and film actor.	Borys Szyc	Łódź
place of birth	Born Elmon Mickle in Keo, Arkansas, he not only recorded as Driftin' Slim, but also as Model 'T' Slim and under his real name.	Driftin' Slim	Arkansas
place of birth	Ricardo Penella Arias (born 25 February 1957 in Catarroja, Valencian Community) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a sweeper.	Ricardo Penella Arias	Catarroja
place of birth	Roger Bossard is the current Chicago White Sox head groundskeeper at U.S. Cellular Field.	Roger Bossard	Chicago
place of birth	Suleyman Valiyev (Azerbaijani: Süleyman Vəliyev; 1916, Absheron, Ramana -- 1996 Baku) was an Azerbaijani writer.	Suleyman Valiyev	Ramana
place of birth	Whitney Crothers Dilley (born in New York City) is an American professor of comparative literature and cinema studies.	Whitney Crothers Dilley	New York City
place of birth	Adeline Canac (born 20 May 1990 in Lagny-sur-Marne) is a French pair skater.	Adeline Canac	Lagny-sur-Marne
place of birth	Lucrezia d'Alagno (c. 1430 -- September 23, 1479) was a woman of noble birth with whom King Alphonso V of Naples had fallen in love in 1448.	Lucrezia d'Alagno	Naples
place of birth	Charles Antenen (3 November 1929 in La Chaux-de-Fonds -- died 20 May 2000) was a Swiss football (soccer) player, who was nicknamed Kiki.	Charles Antenen	La Chaux-de-Fonds
place of birth	Allen Lane Williams was born in Bristol to Camilla (née Lane) and Samuel Williams, and studied at Bristol Grammar School.	Allen Lane	Bristol
place of birth	Amir Azmy Megahed (Arabic: أمير عزمي مجاهد‎; born February 14, 1983 in Cairo) is an Egyptian footballer.	Amir Azmy	Cairo
place of birth	David Wheaton (born June 2, 1969) is an author, radio host, and contributing columnist for the Minneapolis Star Tribune.	David Wheaton	Minneapolis
place of birth	Louis Kempff was born in Belleville, Illinois, United States, to parents Frederick and Henriette Kempff, both from Germany.	Louis Kempff	Belleville
place of birth	Nina Brodskaya (Russian: Ни́на Алекса́ндровна Бро́дская; born 11 December 1947 or 1949, Moscow) is a Soviet singer (soprano), popular in the 1960s and 1970s.	Nina Brodskaya	Moscow
place of birth	Gerhard Daum, born on September 30, 1956, in the southern German city of Freiburg im Breisgau, developed an interest in music early in his childhood.	Gerhard Daum	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of birth	Tomaso di Campofregoso (1375--1453) was doge of the Republic of Genoa three times.	Tomaso di Campofregoso	Genoa
place of birth	Horace Smith-Dorrien was born at Haresfoot, a house near Berkhamsted, to Colonel Robert Algernon Smith-Dorrien and Mary Ann Drever.	Horace Smith-Dorrien	Berkhamsted
place of death	Jennifer Nitsch (Cologne, December 10, 1966 -- Munich, June 13, 2004) was a German television actress.	Jennifer Nitsch	Munich
place of death	Yohanan Aharoni (Hebrew: יוחנן אהרוני; 7 June 1919 -- 9 February 1976) was an Israeli archaeologist and historical geographer, chairman of the Department of Near East Studies and chairman of the Institute of Archeology at Tel-Aviv University.	Yohanan Aharoni	Tel-Aviv
place of death	Friedrich Daniel Bassermann (February 24, 1811 in Mannheim -- July 29, 1855) was a German liberal politician who is best known for calling for a pan-German Parliament at the Frankfurt Parliament.	Friedrich Daniel Bassermann	Mannheim
place of death	Lisa Tetzner (born in Zittau, Saxony on November 10, 1894; died July 2, 1963 in Carona, Switzerland) was a German-born Swiss children's writer known for her work with fairy-tales.	Lisa Tetzner	Carona
place of death	John Bamborough, (3 January 1921 -- 13 February 2009) was a British scholar of English literature and founding Principal of Linacre College, Oxford.	John Bamborough	Oxford
place of death	Silas Weir Mitchell was born on February 15, 1829 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to John Kearsley Mitchell.	Silas Weir Mitchell	Philadelphia
place of death	Ludovico Bertonio (1552, Rocca Contrada -- Lima, 3 August 1625) was an Italian Jesuit missionary to South America.	Ludovico Bertonio	Lima
place of death	Elmer F. Jacobs (? -- 1945) was a Morgantown, West Virginia-based architect.	Elmer F. Jacobs	Morgantown
place of death	Jimmy Lee Lindsey Jr. (May 1, 1980 -- January 13, 2010), better known by the stage name Jay Reatard, was an American musician from Memphis, Tennessee.	Jay Reatard	Memphis
place of death	Marco Biassoni (1930 in Genoa -- 2002 in Milan) was a cartoonist, humorist and filmmaker Italian.	Marco Biassoni	Milan
place of death	On December 1, 1947 in Zabrzeg Henryk Flame was assassinated by the local communist policeman Rudolf Dadak, in a plot organized by Henryk Wendrowski (who was also responsible for ``Action Lawina'' in which Bartek's men were killed).	Henryk Flame	Zabrzeg
place of death	Hernando Durán Dussán (Bogotá, 1920 -- Kuala Lumpur, 4 September 1998) was a Colombian lawyer and politician.	Hernando Durán Dussán	Kuala Lumpur
place of death	August Friedrich Karl Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen (Frankfurt, 19 November 1754 -- Sonneberg, 21 July 1782), was a duke of Saxe-Meiningen.	Karl Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen	Sonneberg
place of death	Princess and Countess Aurora Pavlovna Demidova (2/3 November 1873 in Kiev -- 28 June (OS: 16 June) 1904 in Turin) was a Russian noblewoman of the Demidov family.	Aurora Pavlovna Demidova	Turin
place of death	László Papp (March 25, 1926 -- October 16, 2003) was a Hungarian professional boxer from Budapest.	László Papp	Budapest
place of death	Juan Mora Fernández (1784 in San José -- 1854) was Costa Rica's first elected head of state.	Juan Mora Fernández	San José
place of death	Ingo Wegener (* December 4, 1950 in Bremen; † November 26, 2008 in Bielefeld) was an influential German computer scientist working in the field of theoretical computer science.	Ingo Wegener	Bielefeld
place of death	Wanda Wulz (Trieste, 25 July 1903 -- Trieste, 16 April 1984) was an Italian experimental photographer.	Wanda Wulz	Trieste
place of death	Gerlach Flicke (fl. 1545 - 1558), Latin name Gerbarus Fleccius, anglicised in the 16th century as ``Garlicke'', was a German portrait painter who is known for his work in London as an artist of the Tudor court.	Gerlach Flicke	London
place of death	Giuseppe Francesco Borri (4 May 1627 in Milan -- 20 August 1695 in Rome) was an alchemist, prophet and doctor.	Giuseppe Francesco Borri	Rome
place of death	Michel Félix Dunal (24 October 1789 Montpellier -- 29 July 1856 Montpellier) was a French botanist.	Michel Félix Dunal	Montpellier
place of death	Sebastiano Bombelli (1635 -- 7 May 1719) was an Italian painter, mainly active in Venice, during the Baroque period.	Sebastiano Bombelli	Venice
place of death	Uno Laht, (April 30, 1924 in Valga, Estonia -- September 24, 2008 in Tallinn) was an Estonian writer and poet who wrote about the characteristics of everyday Soviet life in poetry.	Uno Laht	Tallinn
place of death	William Froude (/ˈfruːd/; 28 November 1810 in Devon -- 4 May 1879 in Simonstown, South Africa) was an English engineer, hydrodynamicist and naval architect.	William Froude	South Africa
place of death	James Tinling (May 8, 1889 in Seattle - May 14, 1967 in Los Angeles) was an American film director.	James Tinling	Los Angeles
place of death	Placido Rizzotto (Corleone, January 2, 1914 -- March 10, 1948) was an Italian socialist peasant and trade union leader from Corleone, who was assassinated by Sicilian Mafia boss Luciano Leggio.	Placido Rizzotto	Corleone
place of death	Jan van Orley or Jan van Orley II (4 January 1665, Brussels -- 22 February 1735, Brussels) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman, printmaker and designer of tapestries.	Jan van Orley	Brussels
place of death	Alis Guggenheim (* 8 March 1896 in Lengnau; † 2 September 1958 in Zürich) was a Swiss painter, and Sculptor born in Lengnau and died in Zürich.	Alis Guggenheim	Zürich
place of death	Johann Stieglitz, born as Israel Stieglitz (10 March 1767, Arolsen -- 31 October 1840, Hanover) was a German physician.	Johann Stieglitz	Hanover
place of death	Franciszek Kleeberg (1 February 1888 in Tarnopol -- 5 April 1941 near Dresden) was a Polish general.	Franciszek Kleeberg	Dresden
place of death	Claus Sluter (1340s in Haarlem -- 1405 or 1406 in Dijon) was a sculptor of Dutch origin.	Claus Sluter	Dijon
place of death	On September 14, 1999, Col. Antulio Segarra, died in San Juan, Puerto Rico and was survived by his wife, Evangelina Ledesma and two children Evangelinita and Antulio, Jr. He was buried September 16, with full military honors in the Puerto Rico National Cemetery located in Bayamon, Puerto Rico.	Antulio Segarra	San Juan
place of death	Valentin Haüy (pronounced (aɥi); 13 November 1745 -- 19 March 1822) was the founder, in 1784, of the first school for the blind, the Royal Institution for the Young Blind in Paris (now the National Institute for the Young Blind, INJA).	Valentin Haüy	Paris
place of death	Carlo Emanuele Pio di Savoia (Ferrara, 5 January 1585 -- Rome, 1 June 1641) was an Italian cardinal of the Pio di Savoia family.	Carlo Emanuele Pio di Savoia	Rome
place of death	Steering Jianwei training ship, Liu Buchan traveled around the South China Sea archipelago, Bohai Bay in north China, the Liaodong Peninsula, the Shandong Peninsula and so on.	Liu Buchan	Shandong
place of death	Emil Hilb (born 26 April 1882 in Stuttgart; died 6 August 1929 in Würzburg) was a German-Jewish mathematician who worked in the fields of special functions, differential equations, and difference equations.	Emil Hilb	Würzburg
place of death	Bolo Pasha was executed in Vincennes, on the morning of April 17, 1918.	Bolo Pasha	Vincennes
place of death	Giovanni Battista Piatti (Milan, February 10, 1812 - Milan, September 4, 1867) was an Italian civil engineer.	Giovanni Battista Piatti	Milan
place of death	Nako Spiru (4 January 1918 in Durrës -- 20 November 1947 in Tirana) was an Albanian politician and high-ranking official of the Communist Party of Albania (PKSh).	Nako Spiru	Tirana
place of death	Homer Brightman (October 1, 1901 - January 30, 1988, Kirkland, Washington) was an American screenwriter who worked for Disney Studios.	Homer Brightman	Kirkland
place of death	Stjepan Gomboš (1895--1975) was a Croatian Jewish architect responsible for the design of many business and residential buildings throughout the city of Zagreb.	Stjepan Gomboš	Zagreb
place of death	Necdet Mahfi Ayral (August 6, 1908 in Istanbul -- June 6, 2004 in Istanbul) was a well-known Turkish stage and cinema actor, as well as theatre director.	Necdet Mahfi Ayral	Istanbul
place of death	Gino Zappa (Milan, 1879 - Venice, 1960) was an Italian economist.	Gino Zappa	Venice
place of death	Juan Batlle Planas (3 March 1911 in Pals, Girona, Spain -- 8 October 1966 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was an Argentine painter of Spanish origin belonging to the surrealist school, orienting in later years to romanticism.	Juan Batlle Planas	Buenos Aires
place of death	Laurence Jackson (16 September 1900 in Carnwath, South Lanarkshire--27 July 1984 in Biggar, South Lanarkshire) was a Scottish curler.	Laurence Jackson	South Lanarkshire
place of death	Anteo Zamboni (11 April 1911 -- 31 October 1926) born in Bologna, was a 15-year-old Italian, Propaganda of the Deed anarchist who tried to assassinate Benito Mussolini in Bologna on 31 October 1926, by shooting at him during the parade celebrating the March on Rome.	Anteo Zamboni	Bologna
place of death	Rudolf Dassler (26 March 1898, Herzogenaurach, (Germany) - 27 October 1974, Herzogenaurach) was the German founder of the sportswear company Puma and the older brother of Adidas founder, Adolf ``Adi'' Dassler.	Rudolf Dassler	Herzogenaurach
place of death	George Hawi was assassinated on 21 June 2005 when a bomb planted in his car was detonated by remote control, as he traveled through Beirut's Wata Musaitbi neighborhood.	George Hawi	Beirut
place of death	Frank Loughran (31 January 1931 -- 11 January 2008) was a Belfast-born footballer who was considered to be one of the pioneers of the sport in Australia.	Frank Loughran	Australia
place of death	Michel Vanderbauwhede (19 May 1901, Boezinge - 3 July 1977, Ypres) was a Belgian football player.	Michel Vanderbauwhede	Ypres
place of death	Dr. Curt Kosswig (sometimes spelled ``Koßwig'') (born October 30, 1903 in Berlin; died March 29, 1982 in Hamburg) was a German zoologist and geneticist who spent most of his career at the University of Istanbul (1937--1955) and Hamburg University (1955--1969).	Curt Kosswig	Hamburg
place of death	Agenor Miranda Araújo Neto, better known as Cazuza (Portuguese pronunciation: (kaˈzuzɐ); 4 April 1958 -- 7 July 1990), was a Brazilian composer and singer, born in Rio de Janeiro.	Cazuza	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	François Stahly (March 8, 1911 Konstanz -- July 2, 2006 Paris) was a German-French sculptor.	François Stahly	Paris
place of death	Stephan Farffler (1633 -- October 24, 1689) was a Nuremberg watchmaker of the seventeenth century whose invention of a manumotive carriage in 1655 is widely considered to have been the first self-propelled wheelchair.	Stephan Farffler	Nuremberg
place of death	In 1658--61, Grigory Kotoshikhin was one of those sent on a diplomatic mission to negotiate the Treaty of Valiesari and Treaty of Kardis with Sweden.	Grigory Kotoshikhin	Sweden
place of death	Gulab Singh (1792--1857) was the founder of royal Dogra dynasty and first Maharaja of the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir, the second largest princely state in British India, which was created after the defeat of the Sikhs in the First Anglo-Sikh War.	Gulab Singh	Jammu
place of death	Rudolf Kreitlein (14 November 1919; Fürth -- 31 July 2012; Stuttgart) was a German international football referee, active in the 1960s.	Rudolf Kreitlein	Stuttgart
place of death	József Szily (2 October 1913, Budapest -- 26 April 1976) was a Hungarian chess master.	József Szily	Budapest
place of death	Lieven de Key (1560 -- July 17, 1627) was a famous Dutch renaissance architect in the Netherlands, mostly known today for his works in Haarlem.	Lieven de Key	Haarlem
place of death	Gaetano Kanizsa (Hebrew: גאטאנו קאניזסא‎; born 18 August 1913 - died 13 March 1993) was an Italian psychologist and artist of Jewish descent who last served as a founder of the Institute of Psychology of Trieste.	Gaetano Kanizsa	Trieste
place of death	Francis Aidan Gasquet, O.S.B. (5 October 1846 -- 5 April 1929 in Rome) was an English Benedictine monk and historical scholar.	Francis Aidan Gasquet	Rome
place of death	Joan Baptista Pujol i Riu (Spanish Juan Bautista Pujol, Barcelona, 1835--1898) was a Catalan pianist and pedagogue.	Joan Baptista Pujol	Barcelona
place of death	Tommaso Palamidessi (Pisa, February 16, 1915 -- Rome, April 29, 1983) was an Italian esotericist.	Tommaso Palamidessi	Rome
place of death	Gaetano Emanuel Calì (Catania, 1885 - Syracuse, 1936) was an Italian composer, orchestra conductor, and bandleader.	Gaetano Emanuel Calì	Syracuse
place of death	Matti Pellonpää (28 March 1951 in Helsinki -- 13 July 1995 in Vaasa) was a Finnish actor and a musician.	Matti Pellonpää	Vaasa
place of death	Gerolamo Induno (13 December 1825, Milan - 18 December 1890, Milan) was an Italian painter and soldier, best-known for his military scenes.	Gerolamo Induno	Milan
place of death	James Hogarth Pringle (born 26 January 1863 in Parramatta, Australia -- died 24 April 1941 in Killearn, Scotland) was a surgeon in Glasgow, Scotland, who made a number of important contributions to surgical practice.	James Hogarth Pringle	Killearn
place of death	He was a founding member of the board of trustees of Bob Jones College and a personal friend of the founder, evangelist Bob Jones, Sr. Bibb Graves died in Sarasota, Florida while preparing for another gubernatorial campaign.	Bibb Graves	Sarasota
place of death	Heinrich Eppen was listed as missing in action on 4 June 1942 after aerial combat near Tobruk, Libya.	Heinrich Eppen	Tobruk
place of death	Guy de La Brosse (1586 -- 1641 in Paris), was a French botanist, doctor, and pharmacist.	Guy de La Brosse	Paris
place of death	Angelo Joseph Rossi (January 22, 1878 -- April 5, 1948) was a U.S. political figure who served as the 31st mayor of San Francisco.	Angelo Joseph Rossi	San Francisco
place of death	Peter Flötner, also Flatner, Flettner, or Floetner (born around 1490 in Thurgau, died 23 October 1546 in Nuremberg) was a German designer, sculptor, and printmaker.	Peter Flötner	Nuremberg
place of death	Angel Metodiev was born in Kirkovo, now a part of Veliki Preslav (near Varna), the oldest capital of Bulgaria, and started his career at the National Academy of Arts in Sofia where he studied with Professor Boris Mitov and graduated summa cum laude (with the highest honors).	Angel Metodiev	Sofia
place of death	Duke Theodore Rostislavich nicknamed Theodore the Black (b. in about 1230s -- d. 1298), Феодор Ростиславич Чёрный (Чёрмный) in Russian, is a saint of the Russian Orthodox Church and was a ruler of Smolensk and Yaroslavl.	Theodore the Black	Yaroslavl
place of death	Persis Khambatta was born into a middle-class Parsi home in Mumbai, then known as Bombay.	Persis Khambatta	Mumbai
place of death	Nodira was the wife of Muhammad Umar Khan (1787-1822) who ruled the Khanate of Kokand from 1809 until 1822.	Nodira	Kokand
place of death	Thomas Storm (1749, Hopewell, Dutchess County, New York -- August 4, 1833 New York City) was an American politician.	Thomas Storm	New York City
place of death	Theophil Ruderstaller (1906, in Ostermiething, Upper Austria; † June 10, 1946, in Fuxin, China) was a capuchin and China missionary.	Theophil Ruderstaller	Fuxin
place of death	Cyril Trigg (8 April 1917 -- 9 April 1993) was an English professional footballer who made 268 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham City.	Cyril Trigg	Birmingham
place of death	José Corti is a book shop and publishing house located in Paris, France, and was founded in 1925.	José Corti	Paris
place of death	Carl Braden (June 24, 1914 -- February 8, 1975) was born in New Albany, Indiana, and died in Louisville, Kentucky.	Carl Braden	Louisville
place of death	Saint Rasso of Andechs (also Rasso of Grafrath, Graf Ratt, Ratho, Grafrath, Rasso von Andechs) (ca. 900-953) was a Bavarian count and military leader, pilgrim, and saint.	Rasso	Grafrath
place of death	Dewey Readmore Books (circa November 1987 -- November 29, 2006) was the resident cat at the Spencer Public Library in Spencer, Iowa, garnering worldwide publicity.	Dewey Readmore Books	Spencer
place of death	Giovanni Maria Verdizotti was a well-connected writer and artist who was born in Venice in 1525 and died there in 1600.	Giovanni Maria Verdizotti	Venice
place of death	Shaktipada Rajguru was fond of travelling and many of his novels are set in locations such as Chota Nagpur, Maharashtra, and Dandakaranya, places distant from Kolkata, where his novels are published.	Shaktipada Rajguru	Kolkata
place of death	Josef Božek (Polish: Józef Bożek) (28 February 1782 in Biery -- 21 October 1835 in Prague) was an engineer and inventor from Cieszyn Silesia, labelled by various sources as Czech or Polish.	Josef Božek	Prague
place of death	Heinrich Eduard Heine (March 16, 1821, Berlin--October 21, 1881, Halle) was a German mathematician.	Eduard Heine	Halle
place of death	Jacques Dubois (1478 -- 14 January 1555), also known as Jacobus Sylvius in Latin, was a French anatomist in Paris.	Jacques Dubois	Paris
place of death	Giuseppe Santelli (Signa, January 20, 1880 -- Signa, March 9, 1956) was an Italian painter.	Giuseppe Santelli	Signa
place of death	Jacoba Maria van Nickelen (c1690, Haarlem -- 1749, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century flower painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Jacoba Maria van Nickelen	Amsterdam
place of death	With Mar Yousef VII Ghanima, the Patriarchate transferred from Mosul to Baghdad.	Yousef VII Ghanima	Baghdad
place of death	Johannes Palaschko (13 July 1877 in Berlin -- 21 October 1932 in Berlin) was a German composer, violinist and violist who wrote numerous works for both violin and viola.	Johannes Palaschko	Berlin
place of death	Sahana Pradhan (17 June 1927 -- 22 September 2014) was a Nepalese politician from a Newar family in Kathmandu.	Sahana Pradhan	Kathmandu
place of death	Émile Gallé (Nancy, 8 May 1846 -- Nancy, 23 September 1904) was a French artist who worked in glass, and is considered to be one of the major forces in the French Art Nouveau movement.	Émile Gallé	Nancy
place of death	Theophil Wurm (7 December 1868, Basel -- 28 January 1953, Stuttgart) was the son of a pastor and was a leader in the German Protestant Church in the early twentieth century.	Theophil Wurm	Stuttgart
place of death	Rudi Mittig born 26 January 1925 in Liberec (Reichenberg), Czechoslovakia, died 28 August 1994 in Berlin, Germany.	Rudi Mittig	Berlin
place of death	Sam Collyer (May 14, 1842 in Boulogne, France -- December 7, 1904 in Brooklyn, New York) was a lightweight bare-knuckle boxer.	Sam Collyer	Brooklyn
place of death	Obizzo da Polenta (died January 30, 1431) was a lord of Ravenna of the da Polenta family.	Obizzo da Polenta	Ravenna
place of death	Gina Kaus, née Regina Wiener (21 October 1893, Vienna, Austria -- 23 December 1985, Los Angeles, California) was an Austrian-American novelist and screenwriter.	Gina Kaus	Los Angeles
place of death	Otto Baumberger (21 May 1889 Altstetten, Zurich - 26 December 1961 Weiningen), was a noted Swiss painter and poster artist.	Otto Baumberger	Weiningen
place of death	Peter McWilliam (21 September 1879, Inverness, Scotland -- 1 October 1951, Redcar, England) was a Scottish footballer who played at left-half for Inverness Thistle, Newcastle United and Scotland.	Peter McWilliam	Redcar
place of death	François-Honoré-Georges Jacob-Desmalter (1770--1841) oversaw one of the most successful and influential furniture workshops in Paris, from 1796 to 1825.	François-Honoré-Georges Jacob-Desmalter	Paris
place of death	Ferruccio Amendola (July 22, 1930 in Turin -- September 3, 2001 in Rome) was an actor and Italian voice-over actor who worked for cinema and television.	Ferruccio Amendola	Rome
place of death	Mikhail Savoyarov (Russian: Михаи́л Никола́евич Савоя́ров, Mikhai'l Nikoláevič Savoyárov) (18 November (O.S. 30 November) 1876, Moscow -- 4 August 1941, Moscow) was a Russian chansonnier, composer, poet, comic actor and mime.	Mikhail Savoyarov	Moscow
place of death	Giovanni Francesco Pressenda (Lequio Berria (Cuneo), 1777 -- Turin, December 12, 1854) was an Italian violin maker.	Giovanni Francesco Pressenda	Turin
place of death	Étienne Maynon d'Invault (born 1721, Paris -- 1801, Saint-Germain-en-Laye) was a French statesman.	Étienne Maynon d'Invault	Saint-Germain-en-Laye
place of death	Jacob Hübner (20 June 1761 -- 13 September 1826, in Augsburg) was a German entomologist.	Jacob Hübner	Augsburg
place of death	The son of Colonel Littleberry Mosby Sr., he lived his entire life at Mosby Tavern in Cumberland County, Virginia/Powhatan County, Virginia, Powhatan County having been created from the eastern portion of Cumberland County in May 1777.	Littleberry Mosby	Powhatan County
place of death	Asghar Hameed (* 1919 in Lahore; † 14 October 2002 in Lahore) was the fourth Emir of the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement.	Asghar Hameed	Lahore
place of death	Panagiotis Poikilidis (Παναγιώτης Ποικιλίδης, 27 February 1965 -- 23 May 2014) was a Greek wrestler from Thessaloniki, Macedonia, Greece.	Panagiotis Poikilidis	Thessaloniki
place of death	Peter Christen Asbjørnsen was born in Christiania (now Oslo) and was descended from a family originating in Otta in Gudbrandsdal, which is believed to have come to an end with his death.	Peter Christen Asbjørnsen	Christiania
place of death	Álvaro de Bazán, 2nd Marquis of Santa Cruz, a.k.a. Álvaro de Bazán y Benavides, a.k.a. Alvaro II de Bazán, (Naples, Italy, 12 September 1571 -- 1646), was the son of Álvaro de Bazán, 1st Marquis of Santa Cruz.	Álvaro de Bazán, 2nd Marquis of Santa Cruz	Naples
place of death	Sarkis Diranian (Armenian: Սարգիս Տիրանեան; born Istanbul, Ottoman Turkey 1854 - died Paris, France 1918) was an Armenian orientalist painter.	Sarkis Diranian	Paris
place of death	Helmut Rix (July 4, 1926, in Amberg -- December 3, 2004, in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German linguist and professor of the Sprachwissenschaftliches Seminar of Albert-Ludwigs-Universität, Freiburg, Germany.	Helmut Rix	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Alberto Burri (born 12 March 1915 in Città di Castello, Italy, died 13 February 1995 in Nice, France) was an Italian painter and sculptor.	Alberto Burri	Nice
place of death	Johann Karl Wezel (October 31, 1747 in Sondershausen, Germany -- January 28, 1819 in Sondershausen), also Johann Carl Wezel, was a German poet, novelist and philosopher of the Enlightenment.	Johann Karl Wezel	Sondershausen
place of death	Helmut Rahn, known as Der Boss (The Boss), (16 August 1929 in Essen -- 14 August 2003) was a German football player.	Helmut Rahn	Essen
place of death	Stanley Gardner (13 December 1890 in Sherbrooke -- 17 August 1945 in Montreal) was a Canadian pianist and music educator.	Stanley Gardner	Montreal
place of death	Peter Cheyney was born in 1896, the youngest of five children, and educated at the Mercers' School in the City of London.	Peter Cheyney	London
place of death	Yervant Voskan (Armenian: Երվանդ Հակոբի Ոսկան), also known as Osgan Efendi (Armenian: Երվանդ Ոսկան; 1855 in Constantinople, Ottoman Empire -- 1914) was a famed Ottoman painter, sculptor, instructor, and administrator of Armenian descent.	Yervant Voskan	Constantinople
place of death	Bill Looby (November 20, 1931 in St. Louis, Missouri -- December 9, 1998 in St. Louis) was an American soccer forward who spent his entire career in the St. Louis Leagues.	Bill Looby	St. Louis
place of death	Edward Moseley (born 16 February 1682 or 1683 - died 11 July 1749), was the Surveyor General of the Province of North Carolina before 1710 and 1723 to 1733.	Edward Moseley	North Carolina
place of death	Pranė Dundulienė (February 12, 1910 in Pilypai, Švenčionys district - February 27, 1991 in Vilnius), was a Lithuanian ethnographer.	Pranė Dundulienė	Vilnius
place of death	Norbert von Hannenheim, with full name Norbert Wolfgang Stephan Hann von Hannenheim (*1898.5.15 Nagyszeben, +1945.9.29 in the Landeskrankenhaus Obrawalde near Międzyrzecz) was an Austro-Hungarian-born German composer.	Norbert von Hannenheim	Międzyrzecz
place of death	Gerhard Rohner (born Nieder-Heiduk 23 May 1895: died Bonn 7 March 1971) was a politician in the Soviet occupation zone of Germany, which later became the German Democratic Republic.	Gerhard Rohner	Bonn
place of death	Jean-Charles Roman d'Amat (Crots, 12 May 1887 -- Versailles, 29 March 1976) was a French librarian and historian.	Jean-Charles Roman d'Amat	Versailles
place of death	Auguste Eugène Méquignon (21 February 1875, in Paris -- 1958 in Paris), was a French entomologist.	Auguste Eugène Méquignon	Paris
place of death	Cecil Higgs (28 June 1898, Thaba Nchu, Orange Free State - 16 June 1986, Cape Town, South Africa) was a South African artist.	Cecil Higgs	Cape Town
place of death	Dirk Bogarde was born in a nursing home at 12 Hemstal Road, West Hampstead, London.	Dirk Bogarde	London
place of death	Maurice Picon was born on 27 July 1931 in Wittelsheim and died in Lyon on 16 November 2014.	Maurice Picon	Lyon
place of death	Léonie Gilmour was born in New York City on June 17, 1873, and grew up in the East Village, Manhattan.	Léonie Gilmour	New York City
place of death	Fritzi Brunette (May 27, 1890, Savannah, Georgia -- September 28, 1943, Hollywood, California) was an actress from Savannah, Georgia who acted in motion pictures for thirty years.	Fritzi Brunette	Hollywood
place of death	Georg Caspar Schürmann (1672 (or early 1673), Idensen bei Neustadt am Rübenberge -- 25 February 1751, Wolfenbüttel) was a German Baroque composer.	Georg Caspar Schürmann	Wolfenbüttel
place of death	Édouard-Alfred Martel (1 July 1859, Pontoise, Val-d'Oise -- 3 June 1938, Montbrison), the 'father of modern speleology', was a world pioneer of cave exploration, study, and documentation.	Édouard-Alfred Martel	Montbrison
place of death	JCJ Vanderheyden was born in 1928 in 's-Hertogenbosch.	JCJ Vanderheyden	's-Hertogenbosch
place of death	Hermann Oelrichs (June 8, 1850 in Baltimore, Maryland -- September 1, 1906 aboard SS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, Atlantic Ocean), was an American businessman, multimillionaire, and agent of Norddeutsche Lloyd shipping.	Hermann Oelrichs	Atlantic Ocean
place of death	John Henry Hubbard (March 24, 1804 in Salisbury, Connecticut -- July 30, 1872 in Litchfield, Connecticut) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th congressional district from 1863 to 1867.	John Henry Hubbard	Litchfield
place of death	Jan Bauch (November 16, 1898 in Prague - January 9, 1995) was a versatile Czech artist, especially as a painter and sculptor.	Jan Bauch	Prague
place of death	Prince George William of Hanover lived in Schliersee, near Munich, and died in Munich in 2006.	Prince George William of Hanover	Munich
place of death	Louis Vola (La Seyne-sur-Mer, France, 6 July 1902 -- 15 August 1990, Paris), was a French double-bassist famous for his work with the Quintette du Hot Club de France he is the godfather of the guitariste Francois Vola.	Louis Vola	Paris
place of death	Jan Meerhout (before 1630, Gorinchem -- 1677, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jan Meerhout	Amsterdam
place of death	Jacques Vilfrid, born 23 January 1923, in Paris, died 21 January 1988 in Paris, is a French film director, film writer, and film producer.	Jacques Vilfrid	Paris
place of death	Richard Scheibe (19 April 1879, Chemnitz -- 6 October 1964, Berlin) was a German artist primarily remembered as a sculptor.	Richard Scheibe	Berlin
place of death	Pépé Kallé was born Kabasele Yampanya in Kinshasa (then Léopoldville) in the Belgian Congo, but later assumed his pseudonym in hommage to his mentor, Le Grand Kallé.	Pépé Kallé	Kinshasa
place of death	José Romero y Fernández de Landa (27 May 1735, Huelva -- 5 August 1807, Madrid) was a Spanish naval and army officer and the Spanish Navy's first official naval engineer and ship designer.	José Romero y Fernández de Landa	Madrid
place of death	Marian Mazur (Radom, December 7, 1909 -- Warsaw, January 21, 1983) was an expert in cybernetics, and author of:	Marian Mazur	Warsaw
place of death	Giuseppe Toaldo (b. at Pianezze, 1719; d. at Padua, 1797) was an Italian Catholic priest and physicist.	Giuseppe Toaldo	Padua
place of death	Waltrude Schleyer died on March 21, 2008, at the age of 92 in Stuttgart, Germany.	Waltrude Schleyer	Stuttgart
place of death	Rev. James Karnusian (1926, Beirut, Lebanon -- April 8, 1998, Bern, Switzerland) was a Swiss-Armenian pastor, writer and public activist.	James Karnusian	Bern
place of death	Giorgio Andreoli (between 1465 and 1470 -- 1553), named also Mastro Giorgio Andreoli or Mastro Giorgio, was born in Intra, on the Lake Maggiore, and died in Gubbio, where he spent most of his life, in 1555.	Giorgio Andreoli	Gubbio
place of death	José Ortiz-Echagüe (August 2, 1886; Guadalajara - September 7, 1980; Madrid) was a Spanish entrepreneur, industrial and military engineer, pilot and photographer, founder of Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA (CASA) and Honorary lifetime President of SEAT (Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo).	José Ortiz-Echagüe	Madrid
place of death	Václav Smetáček (30 September 1906 in Brno -- 18 February 1986 in Prague) was a Czech conductor, composer, and oboist.	Václav Smetáček	Prague
place of death	Mike Sheffield (November 3, 1949 in Atlanta, Georgia -- February 19, 2011 in Johns Creek, Georgia) was an American attorney who served as a prosecutor at the DeKalb County District Attorney's Office for nearly a decade.	Mike Sheffield	Johns Creek
place of death	Else Sehrig-Vehling (Düsseldorf, 26.05.1897 - Bad Salzuflen, 12.02.1994 ) was a German expressionist.	Else Sehrig-Vehling	Bad Salzuflen
place of death	Modesto Lafuente y Zamalloa (born at Rabanal de los Caballeros, Cervera de Pisuerga, Palencia Province on 1 May 1806; died at Madrid, 25 October 1866) was a Spanish critic and historian.	Modesto Lafuente y Zamalloa	Madrid
place of death	Cornelio Schut or Cornelis Schut III (alternative names: Cornelis Escut III, Cornelis Scut III, Cornelio Schut el Mozo, Cornelio Schut el joven) (c. 1629 -- 1685) was a Flemish painter who was active in Seville, Spain during his entire career.	Cornelis Schut III	Seville
place of death	Joseph Ludwig Colmar (born at Strasburg, 22 June 1760; died at Mainz, 15 December 1818) was a German Catholic Bishop of Mainz.	Joseph Ludwig Colmar	Mainz
place of death	Karl Emil Scherz (31 August 1860, Loschwitz near Dresden -- 10 October 1945, Dresden) was a German architect and local historian of Blasewitz.	Karl Emil Scherz	Dresden
place of death	António Botto (Concavada, Portugal, August 17, 1892 -- Rio de Janeiro, March 16, 1959) was a Portuguese aesthete and modernist poet.	António Botto	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Marty Blake (March 22, 1927 -- April 7, 2013) was a general manager of the Atlanta Hawks franchise, and the NBA's longtime Director of Scouting.	Marty Blake	Atlanta
place of death	Thierry Agullo (1945 in Bordeaux -- 29 January 1980 in Poitiers), was a French artist.	Thierry Agullo	Poitiers
place of death	Bronisława Wajs (17 August 1908, Lublin - 8 February 1987, Inowrocław) was a Polish-Romani classic poet and singer.	Bronisława Wajs	Inowrocław
place of death	Carlo Vanvitelli (1739--1821) was an Italian architect and engineer, who worked mainly in Naples and its surrounding area.	Carlo Vanvitelli	Naples
place of death	Basilius Petritz (20 May 1647 -- 6 September 1715) was a German composer and Kreuzkantor in Dresden 1694--1713.	Basilius Petritz	Dresden
place of death	Jobst Harrich (baptized 30 September 1579 -- buried 11 April 1617) was a German painter best known as a copyist of Albrecht Dürer, born and dead in Nuremberg.	Jobst Harrich	Nuremberg
place of death	Charles Fulton Oursler (January 22, 1893, Baltimore, Maryland - May 24, 1952, New York City) was an American journalist, playwright, editor and writer.	Fulton Oursler	New York City
place of death	Father Antonio Demo (S. Lazzaro at Bassano del Grappa, Italy, April 23, 1870 - New York City, January 2, 1936) was a New York City Italian American priest and civic activist.	Antonio Demo	New York City
place of death	Pierre-Charles Le Mettay (19 July 1726, Fécamp - 29 March 1759, Paris) was a French, primarily of mythological scenes, and designer.	Pierre-Charles Le Mettay	Paris
place of death	In exile, Jan Čep lived in Paris (1948-1951) and in Munich (1951-1954) where he became a commentator in the Czech section of Radio Free Europe.	Jan Čep	Paris
place of death	Otto Schmeil (3 February 1860, Großkugel -- 3 February 1943, Heidelberg) was a German zoologist, botanist and educator.	Otto Schmeil	Heidelberg
place of death	Pheidippides is said to have run from Marathon to Athens to deliver news of a military victory against the Persians in the Battle of Marathon.	Pheidippides	Athens
place of death	Jacques Ledoux (1921 in Warsaw -- 6 June 1988 in Brussels) was a Belgian cinema specialist, curator of the Royal Film Archive of Belgium (Cinémathèque royale de Belgique) from 1948 to 1988 and the founder of the Cinema Museum in Brussels (Musée du cinéma de Bruxelles) in 1962.	Jacques Ledoux	Warsaw
place of death	Commodore Isaac Hull died at the age of 69 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and is buried there in Laurel Hill Cemetery.	Isaac Hull	Philadelphia
place of death	Toni Brutscher (born 15 November 1925 in Oberstdorf -- 16 November 1983) was a West German ski jumper who competed during the 1950s.	Toni Brutscher	Oberstdorf
place of death	Vittorio Mangano (Palermo, August 18, 1940 -- Palermo, 23 July 2000) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia or Cosa Nostra.	Vittorio Mangano	Palermo
place of death	Hermann Budzislawski was born in Berlin at the start of the twentieth century.	Hermann Budzislawski	Berlin
place of death	Frederick Albert Winsor, originally Friedrich Albrecht Winzer (1763 in Braunschweig, Germany -- May 11, 1830 in Paris) was a German inventor, one of the pioneers of gas lighting in the UK and France.	Frederick Albert Winsor	Paris
place of death	Ernst Born was killed 27 March 1944 near Narva, Estonia and was posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross.	Ernst Born	Narva
place of death	Christoph Voll (27th April 1897 in Munich); † (16th June 1939 in Karlsruhe) was a German sculptor and graphic artist associated with Expressionism.	Christoph Voll	Karlsruhe
place of death	When the Ghetto was razed by the Germans in September 1943, Pati Kremer as among the many victims who were rounded up, transported to the Sobibor extermination camp and killed.	Pati Kremer	extermination camp
place of death	Carl Gustaf Thomson (October 13, 1824 in Malmöhus -- September 20, 1899 in Lund) was a Swedish entomologist.	Carl Gustaf Thomson	Lund
place of death	Cosimo De Giorgi or Arcangelo Cosimo De Giorgi (Lizzanello, 9 February 1842 -- Lecce, 22 December 1922) was an Italian scientist.	Cosimo De Giorgi	Lecce
place of death	Jean-Jacques Causse (29 August 1751 -- 15 April 1796) was killed in action at the Second Battle of Dego while commanding a French Republican infantry brigade.	Jean-Jacques Causse	Dego
place of death	Evan-Burrows Fontaine died on December 27, 1984 aged 86, at the Winchester Medical Center in Winchester, Virginia.	Evan-Burrows Fontaine	Winchester
place of death	Saint Franca Visalta (1170--1218), also known as Franca of Piacenza, was a Cistercian abbess.	Franca Visalta	Piacenza
place of death	George Edwin Lord (February 17, 1846 - June 25, 1876) was a U.S. Army Assistant Surgeon in the 7th Cavalry who was killed in the Battle of the Little Big Horn in Montana Territory during the Black Hills War.	George Edwin Lord	Montana
place of death	Abdul Kahar Muzakkar was the leader of a rebellion in South Sulawesi from 1950 till his death in 1965.	Abdul Kahar Muzakkar	South Sulawesi
place of death	Abraham de Verwer (1585, Haarlem -- 1650, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter of cityscapes, (river) landscapes and seascapes.	Abraham de Verwer	Amsterdam
place of death	John Johns Trigg (1748 -- May 17, 1804) was an American farmer and politician from Bedford County, Virginia.	John Johns Trigg	Bedford
place of death	Vicente Liem de la Paz (Vietnamese: Vinh Sơn Phạm Hiếu Liêm) (1732 -- November 7, 1773) was a Tonkinese (present day northern Vietnam) Dominican friar venerated as a saint and martyr by the Roman Catholic Church.	Vicente Liem de la Paz	Vietnam
place of death	Vincenzo Filonardi (born in Rome, 23 June 1853 - died in Rome, 6 May 1916) was an Italian politician and soldier of the Regio Esercito.	Vincenzo Filonardi	Rome
place of death	Vito Carrera (born in Trapani, active 1603 - died Palermo, 1623) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Palermo.	Vito Carrera	Trapani
place of death	Giuseppe Pippo Barzizza (Italian pronunciation 'pippo dʒu'zeppe bar'tsitsa; Genova, 15 May 1902 -- Sanremo 4 April 1994) was an Italian composer, arranger, conductor and music director.	Pippo Barzizza	Sanremo
place of death	Theodosius Florentini (23 May 1808 at Münster, in the Grisons, Switzerland -- 15 February 1865 at Heiden, in Appenzell) was a Swiss Capuchin monk, a founder of Catholic religious orders and institutions.	Theodosius Florentini	Heiden
place of death	Moses Porges, Edler von Portheim, or Moses Porges von Portheim (13/22 December 1781, Prague -- 21 May 1870, Prague) was a Bohemian-Austrian industrialist (manufacturer) and vice-burgomaster of Prague-Smichow; knight of the Order of Franz Joseph.	Moses Porges von Portheim	Prague
place of death	Countess Vilma Hugonnai de Szentgyörgy (September 30, 1847 in Nagytétény, Hungary (today part of Budapest) -- March 25, 1922 in Budapest) was the first Hungarian woman medical doctor.	Vilma Hugonnai	Budapest
place of death	István Pintér (Slovene: Števan Pinter) (ab. January 25, 1831 -- December 11, 1875) was a Hungarian Slovene writer and court in Felsőszölnök.	István Pintér	Felsőszölnök
place of death	Mohammed I ibn Nasr (Arabic: محمد ابن الأحمر‎ Muḥammad ibn al-''Aḥmar) was a Nasrid ruler of the Emirate of Granada in Al-Andalus on the Iberian Peninsula, and founder of the last Muslim dynasty in Spain in 1238.	Mohammed I ibn Nasr	Granada
place of death	Felice Feliciano (Verona 1433 - Rome 1479) was a fifteenth-century calligrapher, composer of alchemical sonnets, and expert on Roman antiquity, especially inscriptions on stone.	Felice Feliciano	Rome
place of death	Canserbero died in an apparent murder--suicide on January 20, 2015, in Maracay.	Canserbero	Maracay
place of death	Georg Jakob Felsing, a German line-engraver, was born at Darmstadt in 1802.	Jakob Felsing	Darmstadt
place of death	Heinrich Bartels (born 13 July 1918 in Linz, Austria -- killed in action 23 December 1944 near Bad Godesberg) was a German fighter pilot in the Luftwaffe and fought during World War II. Bartels was credited with 99 victories, making him a fighter ace.	Heinrich Bartels	Bad Godesberg
place of death	Alessio Ascalesi (22 October 1872 -- 11 May 1952) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Naples.	Alessio Ascalesi	Naples
place of death	The Pauline Betz Addie Tennis Center at Cabin John Regional Park in Potomac, Maryland was renamed in her honor on May 1, 2008.	Pauline Betz	Potomac
place of death	Eduard Charlemont was born in Vienna, capital of the Austrian Empire in 1848.	Eduard Charlemont	Vienna
place of death	Jean-Pierre Wimille died at the wheel of Simca-Gordini during practice runs for the 1949 Buenos Aires Grand Prix.	Jean-Pierre Wimille	Buenos Aires
place of death	L. Harris Hiscock and Frank Hiscock were founders of the Syracuse firm currently known as Hiscock & Barclay.	Frank Hiscock	Syracuse
place of death	Richard Addinsell was born in Woburn Square, London, to William Arthur Addinsell, who was a chartered accountant, and his wife, Annie Beatrice Richards.	Richard Addinsell	London
place of death	Hildegard Trabant, née Pohl (June 12, 1927 in Berlin -- August 18, 1964 in Berlin) was a German woman killed trying to cross the Berlin Wall.	Hildegard Trabant	Berlin
place of death	Manco Inca Yupanqui (1516--1544) (Manqu Inka Yupanki in Quechua) was the founder and monarch (Sapa Inca) of the independent Neo-Inca State in Vilcabamba, although he was originally a puppet Inca Emperor installed by the Spaniards.	Manco Inca Yupanqui	Vilcabamba
place of death	Margrave (Prince) Hermann of Baden-Baden (12 October 1628 in Baden-Baden; died 30 October 1691 in Regensburg) was a general and diplomat in the imperial service.	Hermann of Baden-Baden	Regensburg
place of death	Gabriel Flores (February 8, 1930 -- December 14, 1993) was a prominent Mexican painter and muralist born in Guadalajara, Jalisco.	Gabriel Flores	Guadalajara
place of death	Goffredo Mameli (Italian pronunciation: (ɡofˈfreːdo maˈmɛːli); Genoa, 5 September 1827 -- Rome, 6 July 1849), an Italian patriot, poet, and writer was a notable figure in the Italian Risorgimento.	Goffredo Mameli	Rome
place of death	Giuseppe Averani FRS or Averanus (March 20, 1662, Pisa -- August 24, 1738, Florence) was an Italian jurist and naturalist.	Giuseppe Averani	Florence
place of death	The Isdal Woman (Norwegian: Isdalskvinnen) is the subject of an unsolved case involving an unidentified woman found dead at Isdalen Valley in Bergen, Norway, on 29 November 1970.	Isdal Woman	Bergen
place of death	Yves Guillou (1880 - 1963) was a French politician and former mayor of the city of Caen.	Yves Guillou	Caen
place of death	Désiré Georges Jean Marie Bois (9 October 1856, Granville -- 2 February 1946, Saint-Mandé) was a French botanist, horticulturist and agronomist.	Désiré Georges Jean Marie Bois	Saint-Mandé
place of death	Carlos Mauricio Valenti Perrillat (November 15, 1888 in Paris -- October 29, 1912 in Paris) was a French-born painter, who worked predominantly in Guatemala.	Carlos Mauricio Valenti Perrillat	Paris
place of death	Luigi Veronelli (February 2, 1926 in Milan -- November 29, 2004 in Bergamo) was an Italian gastronome, wine critic and intellectual.	Luigi Veronelli	Bergamo
place of death	Sophia of Halshany or Sonka Olshanskaya (Belarusian: Соф'я Гальшанская, Sofja Halšanskaja; Lithuanian: Sofija Alšėniškė; Polish: Zofia Holszańska; c. 1405 -- September 21, 1461 in Kraków) was a Lithuanian princess of Halshany.	Sophia of Halshany	Kraków
place of death	Carlos Alberto Guajardo Romero (c. 1973 -- November 5, 2010) was a Mexican journalist and crime reporter who worked for the Expreso de Matamoros local newspaper in the border city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas.	Carlos Alberto Guajardo Romero	Matamoros
place of death	Daniël Haringh (1636 in The Hague -- 1713 in The Hague), was an 18th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Daniël Haringh	The Hague
place of death	Paul de Lamerie (9 April 1688 -- 1 August 1751) was a London-based silversmith.	Paul de Lamerie	London
place of death	Herbert Mundin died in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California following a car crash.	Herbert Mundin	Van Nuys
place of death	Baxter Ward (November 5, 1919 -- February 4, 2002) was a television news anchor who served two terms on the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors.	Baxter Ward	Los Angeles
place of death	Maurice Frère (8 August 1890, Charleroi -- 11 August 1970, Side) was a Belgian civil servant and governor of the National Bank of Belgium (NBB) from 1944 until 1957.	Maurice Frère	Side
place of death	Eduard Albert (January 20, 1841, Žamberk, Bohemia -- September 26, 1900), was a Czech surgeon, professor and historian.	Eduard Albert	Žamberk
place of death	Agustín Yáñez Delgadillo (May 4, 1904 in Guadalajara, Jalisco -- January 17, 1980 in Mexico City) was a notable Mexican writer and politician who served as Governor of Jalisco and Secretary of Public Education during Gustavo Díaz Ordaz's presidency.	Agustín Yáñez	Mexico City
place of death	Gabriele Castagnola (14 November 1828 -- 30 August 1883) was an Italian artist born in Genoa and active in Florence.	Gabriele Castagnola	Florence
place of death	Hippolyte Lecomte (28 December 1781, Puiseaux -- 25 July 1857, Paris) was a French painter best known for large scale historical paintings and ballet designs.	Hippolyte Lecomte	Paris
place of death	Georges Mathé took over the Hematology Department of the Institut Gustave Roussy in Villejuif in 1961 and created the Institut de Cancérologie et d’Immuno-génétique in 1964 where he created the first sterile hospital rooms.	Georges Mathé	Villejuif
place of death	Francesco I Gattilusio (died 6 August 1384) was the first member of the Gattilusio family to rule the Aegean island of Lesbos as vassal of the Byzantine emperor.	Francesco I Gattilusio	Lesbos
place of death	Only one week after the trial and despite a law question likely to cancel the sentence about to be taken by the Conseil d'État (French supreme public court), Jean Bastien-Thiry was executed by firing squad at the Fort d'Ivry on 11 March 1963, while clutching his rosary.	Jean Bastien-Thiry	Fort d'Ivry
place of death	In 1936, upon Heinrich Neuhaus's suggestion, Maria Yudina joined the piano faculty of the Moscow Conservatory, where she taught until 1951.	Maria Yudina	Moscow
place of death	Sir Robert Stanes (13 May 1841 -- 6 September 1936) was a British businessman and philanthropist in India who founded United Nilgiri Tea Estates (UNTE) in Coimbatore.	Robert Stanes	Coimbatore
place of death	Seattle-based Lockrem Johnson (1924, Davenport, Iowa -- 1977) was an American composer.	Lockrem Johnson	Seattle
place of death	Bertha Wegmann (16 December 1846, Soglio, Switzerland -- 22 February 1926, Copenhagen) was a Danish portrait painter of German ancestry.	Bertha Wegmann	Copenhagen
place of death	Samuel Urlsperger (August 31, 1685 in Kirchheim unter Teck, Germany -- April 21, 1772 in Augsburg, Germany) was a German Lutheran theologian with pietistic orientations.	Samuel Urlsperger	Augsburg
place of death	Michael Rackl (31 October 1883 -- 5 May 1948) was Roman Catholic Bishop of Eichstätt from 1935 until his death in 1948.	Michael Rackl	Eichstätt
place of death	Max and Reizl Bozyk and their daughter fled the Nazis in 1939, traveling first to Argentina, and, in 1941, to New York City.	Reizl Bozyk	New York City
place of death	Marie Georges Humbert (7 January 1859 Paris, France -- 22 January 1921 Paris, France) was a French mathematician who worked on Kummer surfaces and the Appell--	Marie Georges Humbert	Paris
place of death	Dmytro Antonovych (15 November 1877, in Kiev -- 12 October 1945, in Prague) was a Ukrainian politician and art historian.	Dmytro Antonovych	Prague
place of death	William Pallister Hubbard (December 24, 1843 -- December 5, 1921) was an American Republican politician from Wheeling, West Virginia who served as a United States Representative.	William Pallister Hubbard	Wheeling
place of death	Karl Holl (May 15, 1866--May 23, 1926 in Berlin) was a Professor of theology and church history at Tübingen and Berlin and is considered one of the most influential church historians of his era.	Karl Holl	Berlin
place of death	Étienne Delaune, Delaulne, or De Laune, a French engraver, was born in Paris, or more probably at Orléans, in 1518.	Étienne Delaune	Paris
place of death	Moses ben Joseph di Trani (Hebrew: משה מטראני‎) known by his acronym Mabit (Salonica, Rumelia Eyalet in Ottoman Greece 1505 -- Jerusalem, Ottoman Empire 1585) was a 16th-century rabbi in Safed.	Moses ben Joseph di Trani	Jerusalem
place of death	Carlos Schlieper (23 September 1902 -- 11 April 1957 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter of the classic era.	Carlos Schlieper	Buenos Aires
place of death	Hendrik Constantijn Cras (4 January 1739, Leiden -- 5 April 1820, Amsterdam) was a Dutch jurist and city librarian of Amsterdam.	Hendrik Constantijn Cras	Amsterdam
place of death	Benedict Welte (Ratzenried, Württemberg, 25 November 1825 -- 27 May 1885, Rottenburg am Neckar) was a German Catholic exegete.	Benedict Welte	Rottenburg am Neckar
place of death	Juan Bautista Arriaza (27 February 1770, Madrid -- 22 January 1837) was a Spanish poet and writer.	Juan Bautista Arriaza	Madrid
place of death	Tomás Antonio Sánchez de Uribe (Cantabria, 1723--1802, Madrid), was a controversial ecclesiastic and the first editor of several basic texts of Spanish Medieval Literature, including the Cantar del Mio Cid.	Tomás Antonio Sánchez	Madrid
place of death	Count Nikolai Nikitich Demidov (9 October / November 1773, Chirkovitsy, Saint Petersburg Governorate - 22 April 1828, Florence) was a Russian industrialist, collector and arts patron of the Demidov family.	Nikolai Nikitich Demidov	Florence
place of death	After Francis died, the possessions of Arnold Machin in his house near Eccleshall in rural Staffordshire were sold in auction.	Arnold Machin	Staffordshire
place of death	Menez or Maria Inês Ribeiro da Fonseca, GOSE (Lisbon, 1926--1995) was a Portuguese painter.	Maria Inês Ribeiro da Fonseca	Lisbon
place of death	Frà Giovanni Battista Tommasi (Cortona, 6 October 1731 -- Catania, 13 June 1805) was an Italian nobleman and 73rd Prince and Grand Master of the Order of Malta.	Giovanni Battista Tommasi	Catania
place of death	Suhotra Swami or Suhotra Dasa (born Roger Terrence Crowley, December 11, 1950, Holyoke, Massachusetts -- April 8, 2007, Mayapur, India) was a Hindu Vaishnava author, philosopher and a leading guru in the International Society of Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON).	Suhotra Swami	Mayapur
place of death	François-Joseph Vézina (June 11, 1849 in Quebec City -- October 5, 1924 in Quebec City) was a Quebec conductor, composer, organist and music professor.	Joseph Vézina	Quebec City
place of death	Humprecht Jan Černín (Radenín, 1628 - Prague 1682) was a Czech noble and diplomat.	Humprecht Jan Černín	Prague
place of death	Louis Lallemant (Châlons-en-Champagne 1578 -- 5 April 1635 in Bourges) was a French Jesuit.	Louis Lallemant	Bourges
place of death	John White Brockenbrough (December 23, 1806 -- February 20, 1877) was a Virginia lawyer, federal judge, educator, and the founder of the Lexington Law School, now known as Washington and Lee University School of Law.	John White Brockenbrough	Lexington
place of death	Ignacio López Rayón (July 31, 1773, Tlalpujahua, Michoacán, New Spain -- February 2, 1832, Mexico City) led the revolutionary government of his country after Miguel Hidalgo's death, during the first years of the Mexican War of Independence.	Ignacio López Rayón	Mexico City
place of death	On Monday, June 11, 2012 Nicolai Levashov, a prominent Russian scientist and writer, kind and honourable man, left this world in his Moscow flat.	Nicolai Levashov	Moscow
place of death	James Charles Heard (August 10, 1917 in Dayton, Ohio -- September 27, 1988 in Royal Oak, Michigan), better known as J. C. Heard, was a United States swing, bop, and blues drummer.	J. C. Heard	Royal Oak, Michigan
place of death	Walther Eichrodt (August 1, 1890 in Gernsbach, Baden -- May 20, 1978 in Basel) was a German Old Testament scholar and Protestant theologian.	Walther Eichrodt	Basel
place of death	Dragoljub Minić (April 5, 1936 in Podgorica, Zeta Banovina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- c. April 5, 2005 in Novi Sad, Serbia and Montenegro) was a Yugoslav Grandmaster of chess.	Dragoljub Minić	Novi Sad
place of death	Fleury François Richard (25 February 1777, Lyon -- 14 March 1852, Écully), sometimes called Fleury-Richard, was a painter of the École de Lyon.	Fleury François Richard	Écully
place of death	Alberto Barton did his primary studies in ``Nuestra Señora de la O de Lima'' and the high school at ``Convictorio Peruano en Lima.''	Alberto Barton	Lima
place of death	Mykola Lukash (Ukrainian: Микола Олексійович Лукаш; 19 December 1919 in Krolevets -- 29 August 1988 in Kiev) was the known Ukrainian literary translator, theorist and lexicographer.	Mykola Lukash	Kiev
place of death	Ivan Skoropadsky moved the capital of the Cossack Hetmanate from Baturyn which was razed by the Russian army for Mazepa's rebellion, to the town of Hlukhiv.	Ivan Skoropadsky	Hlukhiv
place of death	Brother Lawrence of the Resurrection (c. 1614 -- 12 February 1691) served as a lay brother in a Carmelite monastery in Paris.	Brother Lawrence	Paris
place of death	Harry McNally (7 July 1936 -- 12 December 2004) was an English football player, coach and manager, noted for his spells as manager of Wigan Athletic and Chester City.	Harry McNally	Chester
place of death	John Houstoun (/ˈhaʊstən/; August 31, 1744 -- July 20, 1796) was an American lawyer and statesman from Savannah, Georgia.	John Houstoun	Savannah
place of death	Ernest Marie Louis Bedel (16 May 1849, Nantes - 26 January 1922, Paris) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera.	Ernest Marie Louis Bedel	Paris
place of death	Osman Fahir Seden usually credited as Osman F. Seden (March 22, 1924 -- September 1, 1998 in Istanbul, Turkey) was a Turkish film director, screenwriter and film producer.	Osman F. Seden	Istanbul
place of death	Saint Catervus (Italian: San Caterv(i)o) (possibly 4th century) is the patron saint of Tolentino.	Catervus	Tolentino
place of death	Christian Martin Julius Frauenstädt (April 17, 1813 at Bojanowo, Posen -- January 13, 1879 at Berlin) was a German student of philosophy.	Julius Frauenstädt	Berlin
place of death	Harold French (23 April 1897 in London -- 19 October 1997) was an English film director, screenwriter and actor.	Harold French	London
place of death	Graziano Mancinelli (born 18 February 1937 in Milan - 8 October 1992 in Concesio) was an Italian show jumping rider.	Graziano Mancinelli	Concesio
place of death	Feliciano Centurión (March 29, 1962 in San Ignacio, Paraguay -- November 7, 1996 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Paraguayan painter.	Feliciano Centurión	Buenos Aires
place of death	Charles III de Croÿ (Beaumont, Hainaut, July 1, 1560 -- Beaumont, January 12, 1612) was Seigneur de Croÿ, 4th Duke of Aarschot, 5th Prince of Chimay and 5th Count of Beaumont.	Charles III de Croÿ	Beaumont
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Dortignacq (25 April 1884 Arudy, Pyrénées-Atlantiques -- 13 May 1928 Peyrehorade, Landes) was a French road bicycle racer between 1900 and 1910.	Jean-Baptiste Dortignacq	Peyrehorade
place of death	Ivan Khutorskoy (February 17, 1983, Moscow - November 16, 2009, Moscow) was a RASH skinhead, nicknamed ``Bonecrusher,'' who was a prominent member of the Russian anti-fascist movement.	Ivan Khutorskoy	Moscow
place of death	Joseph-Ermend Bonnal (* 1 July 1880 in Bordeaux; died 14 August 1944 Bordeaux; also Ermend-Bonnal, alias Guy Marylis) was a French composer and organist.	Joseph-Ermend Bonnal	Bordeaux
place of death	Christian Pfister, name sometimes given as Chrétien Pfister (13 February 1857, Beblenheim -- 16 May 1933, Beblenheim) was a French historian.	Christian Pfister	Beblenheim
place of death	Born in Annapolis, Maryland, Benjamin Ogle was the son of former Provincial governor, Samuel Ogle and Anne Tasker.	Benjamin Ogle	Annapolis
place of death	Ricimer went to meet Majorian with a military detachment; the magister militum met the Emperor near Tortona (not far from Piacenza, where Avitus had been killed), and had him arrested and deposed (August 3).	Majorian	Tortona
place of death	In 1974, she founded Nora Lam Ministries International in San Jose, California and began making annual missionary crusades to Asia.	Nora Lam	San Jose
place of death	Pedro Manuel de Ataíde (Viana do Castelo, Portugal, 1665 - Vienna, Austria, 19 September 1722) was a Portuguese nobleman.	Pedro Manuel de Ataíde	Vienna
place of death	Dirck Pietersz van Nierop (1540 -- 1610) was a Mennonite minister from North Holland who became notable for founding a branch of Mennonites in Amsterdam called the ``Young Frisians'' (Jonge Friezen).	Dirck Pietersz van Nierop	Amsterdam
place of death	Alfons Novickis (1906 - 3 November 1931 in Riga) was a Latvian footballer.	Alfons Novickis	Riga
place of death	Petar Gligorovski (Cyrillic: Петар Глигоровски; born: Perica Gligorović, Cyrillic: Перица Глигоровић; 1938--1995, Skopje, Republic of Macedonia) was a Yugoslav and Macedonian academic painter and an animated movies director.	Petar Gligorovski	Skopje
place of death	Klaus Conrad (June 19, 1905 in Reichenberg -- 5 May 1961 in Göttingen) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist with important contributions to neuropsychology and psychopathology.	Klaus Conrad	Göttingen
place of death	Barbara Ruick Williams died March 3, 1974, aged 43, from a cerebral hemorrhage in Reno, Nevada while on location with her last film, Robert Altman's California Split, which is dedicated to her.	Barbara Ruick	Reno
place of death	Jean-Joseph Espercieux (22 July 1757 in Marseille -- 6 July 1840 in Paris) was a French sculptor.	Jean-Joseph Espercieux	Paris
place of death	Sara Warneke (2 June 1957 -- 27 September 2011), better known by her pen name Sara Douglass, was an Australian fantasy writer who lived in Hobart, Tasmania.	Sara Douglass	Hobart
place of death	Carl Locher (21 November 1851 -- 20 December 1915) was a Danish realist painter who from an early age became a member of the Skagen group of painters.	Carl Locher	Skagen
place of death	Wilhelm Pauck was born in Laasphe, in Westphalia, Germany (today, Bad Laasphe), January 31, 1901, and died in Palo Alto, California, September 3, 1981.	Wilhelm Pauck	Palo Alto
place of death	He later returned to Dayton and worked as a producer and on-air personality in Gordon Jump's Fun Time, a popular show for younger children, at WLWD (now WDTN) before deciding to move to Los Angeles and study acting.	Gordon Jump	Los Angeles
place of death	Frieda Hempel was born in Leipzig, Germany, and studied first at the Leipzig Conservatory and afterwards at the Stern Conservatory, Berlin, where she was a pupil of Selma Nicklass-Kempner.	Frieda Hempel	Berlin
place of death	Hilde Coppi (née Rake, 30 May 1909 in Berlin -- 5 August 1943 in Berlin-Plötzensee, executed) was a German resistance fighter against the Third Reich.	Hilde Coppi	Berlin-Plötzensee
place of death	On the 21 March 1881 Anders Fryxell died at Stockholm, and in 1884 his daughter Eva Fryxell (born 1829) published from his MS. an interesting History of My History, which was really a literary autobiography and displays the persistency and tirelessness of his industry.	Anders Fryxell	Stockholm
place of death	In 1910, G. A. Reisner found sixty-three inscribed potsherds while excavating the royal palace at Samaria, which were later dated to the reign of Jeroboam II and mention regnal years extending from the ninth to the 17th of his reign.	Jeroboam II	Samaria
place of death	Walther Kausch (17 July 1867, Königsberg -- 24 March 1928, Berlin) was a surgeon.	Walther Kausch	Berlin
place of death	Blessed Florentino Asensio Barroso (16 October 1877 -- 9 August 1936) was a Spanish Roman Catholic who served as the Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Barbastro.	Florentino Asensio Barroso	Barbastro
place of death	Edward Dobson supervised the construction of the Ferrymead Railway, connecting the wharf in Ferrymead with Christchurch and opening on 1 December 1863.	Edward Dobson	Christchurch
place of death	Louis Dartige du Fournet (Putanges-Pont-Écrepin, 2 March 1856 -- Périgueux, 16 February 1940) was a French admiral during World War I.	Louis Dartige du Fournet	Périgueux
place of death	Adolf Michaelis (22 June 1835 -- 12 August 1910) was a German classical scholar, a professor of art history at the University of Strasbourg from 1872, who helped establish the connoisseurship of Ancient Greek sculpture and Roman sculpture on their modern footing.	Adolf Michaelis	Strasbourg
place of death	Luigi Sagrati (Rome, 10 November 1921 -- Rome 20 March 2008) was an Italian violist.	Luigi Sagrati	Rome
place of death	Dr. Ahmad Tafazzoli (1937 Isfahan -- January 15, 1997 Tehran) (Persian: احمد تفضلی‎) was a prominent Iranian Iranist and master of ancient Iranian literature and culture.	Ahmad Tafazzoli	Tehran
place of death	Denis de Rougemont (September 8, 1906 in Couvet -- December 6, 1985 in Geneva) was a Swiss writer, cultural theorist, and European federalist, who wrote in French.	Denis de Rougemont	Geneva
place of death	Johnny Holiday (October 28, 1912, San Francisco, California -- February 28, 2009, Los Angeles, California) was an American actor who entered the field of acting at the age of 87.	Johnny Holiday	Los Angeles
place of death	Guido De Ruggiero (Naples, 23 March 1888 -- Rome, December 29, 1948) was an historian of philosophy, university professor and Italian politician.	Guido De Ruggiero	Rome
place of death	Santo Pecora (born Santo Pecoraro, March 21, 1902, New Orleans -- May 29, 1984, New Orleans) was an American jazz trombonist known for his longtime association with the New Orleans jazz scene.	Santo Pecora	New Orleans
place of death	Anthony Sanusi born in Iperu, Nigeria in 1911.	Anthony Sanusi	Nigeria
place of death	Richard Jakob August von Voit (February 17, 1801 in Wassertrüdingen -- December 12, 1870 in Munich) was a German architect specializing in glass and iron structures.	August von Voit	Munich
place of death	Johann Friedrich Jaennicke (7 January 1831 Frankfurt a. M. -1 April 1907 Mainz) was a German ``Regierungsrat'' and entomologist mainly interested in Diptera.	Johann Friedrich Jaennicke	Mainz
place of death	Fritz Grünbaum (7 April 1880 in Brno, Moravia as Franz Friedrich Grünbaum -- 14 January 1941 at the Dachau concentration camp, Germany) was an Austrian Jewish cabaret artist, operetta and pop song writer, director, actor and master of ceremonies.	Fritz Grünbaum	Dachau concentration camp
place of death	Bernard de Bury was born at Versailles, a member of a family of musicians, many of whom had appointments to the French court, and was taught music as a young boy.	Bernard de Bury	Versailles
place of death	Seymour Barab (born January 9, 1921 in Chicago, Illinois -- died June 28, 2014 in Manhattan) was an American composer of opera, songs, instrumental, and chamber music, as well as a cellist, organist, and pianist.	Seymour Barab	Manhattan
position held	George S. Moulton was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 1871 and 1877.	George S. Moulton	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Juan Bautista de Acevedo y Muñoz (1555--1608) was Bishop of Valladolid from 1601 to 1606 and Grand Inquisitor of Spain from 1603 to 1608.	Juan Bautista de Acevedo	Grand Inquisitor
position held	Maximilian Leon Dubrawski (Ukrainian: Максиміліан Леон Дубравський) (born July 1, 1949) is the Roman Catholic bishop of Kamianets-Podilskyi.	Leon Dubrawski	bishop
position held	Reuben May (June 23, 1815 in Robinson Creek, Kentucky - September 26, 1902), He was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Reuben May	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Frederick Lancelot Nott (25 March 1874 -- 5 December 1927) was a politician in Queensland, Australia and a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly from 1920 to 1927.	Frederick Lancelot Nott	Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy McAuley (born 1901 in Newtownards, Ireland) was an Irish football (soccer) inside forward who played professionally in Ireland and the United States.	Jimmy McAuley	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bismark Ekye (born January 13, 1981 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football defender currently playing for Borgotaro Calcio of Italy.	Bismark Ekye	defender
position played on team / speciality	Traugott Oberer (born 30 November 1924) is a former Swiss footballer who played as a forward.	Traugott Oberer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Humberto Alexis Trujillo Oramas (born 30 July 1965 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Alexis Trujillo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Viktor Diak (Ukrainian: Віктор Іванович Д'як; born 4 June 1971, Soviet Union) is a former professional Ukrainian football and futsal forward who currently works as a coach in the academy of Shakhtar Donetsk.	Viktor Diak	forward
present in work	Christian Bale portrayed Moses in Ridley Scott's 2014 film Exodus: Gods and Kings which portrayed Moses and Rameses II as being raised by Seti I as cousins.	Moses	Exodus: Gods and Kings
present in work	Charlotte Hoyle was a fictional character in the UK television ITV soap opera Coronation Street.	Charlotte Hoyle	Coronation Street
present in work	The Stig is a character on the British motoring television show Top Gear.	The Stig	Top Gear
present in work	Frazer Yeats (né George Brown) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Ben Lawson.	Frazer Yeats	Neighbours
present in work	Dean Winchester is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American drama television series Supernatural.	Dean Winchester	Supernatural
publication date	The National Geographic produced a documentary entitled Inside Guantanamo, first broadcast in early April 2009.	Inside Guantanamo	2009
publication date	DragonRealms is a medieval fantasy game set in the world of Elanthia., it was developed from 1992-1995 and released in February 1996.	DragonRealms	February 1996
publication date	The Over-the-Hill Gang is a 1969 TV-movie Western comedy about aging Texas Rangers starring Walter Brennan and Pat O'Brien.	The Over-the-Hill Gang	1969
publication date	The Middleton Family at the New York World's Fair is a 1939 American film directed by Robert R. Snody produced by Westinghouse for their exhibit at the 1939 New York World's Fair.	The Middleton Family at the New York World's Fair	1939
publication date	Stay as You Are (Italian: Così come sei), also known as Stay the Way You Are, is a 1978 Italian--	Stay as You Are	1978
publication date	Woodrow Wilson and the Birth of the American Century is a 2002 documentary, narrated by Linda Hunt, that was aired in the United States as a two-part limited television series starting on January 6, 2002.	Woodrow Wilson and the Birth of the American Century	2002
publication date	Max et les ferrailleurs (Max and the Junkmen) is a 1971 Franco--	Max et les ferrailleurs	1971
publication date	Are You Scared? is a 2006 American horror film directed by Andy Hurst, and released by Revolver Entertainment.	Are You Scared?	2006
publication date	Anuragada Alegalu ( ಅನುರಾಗದ ಅಲೆಗಳು) is a 1993 Kannada romantic musical film.	Anuragada Alegalu	1993
publication date	From the Edge of the City (Greek: Από την άκρη της πόλης / Apo tin akri tis polis) is a 1998 Greek film directed by Constantinos Giannaris.	From the Edge of the City	1998
publication date	The Case of the Crumbling Cathedral is a 2012 game, the third in the 5-part Carmen Sandiego Adventures in Math series.	The Case of the Crumbling Cathedral	2012
publication date	Penny from Heaven (2006) is a children's novel that was named a Newbery Honor book in 2007.	Penny from Heaven	2007
publication date	Karaiyellam Shenbagapoo(English:Shore full of Shenbaga flower Or Shore full of Champak flower) is a 1981 Tamil-language Indian thriller film directed by G.N.Rangarajan, starring Prathap Pothan and Sripriya in lead roles.	Karaiyellam Shenbagapoo	1981
publication date	Crna dama is the second studio album by the Serbian rock band Smak, released in 1977.	Crna dama	1977
publication date	Darknight Pictures, a division of Camelot Entertainment, confirmed they were to auction Attack of the Herbals at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.	Attack of the Herbals	2011
publication date	The Assailant (known as Besouro in Brazil) is a 2009 Brazilian action-drama film directed by João Daniel Tikhomiroff.	The Assailant	2009
publication date	Whistling Smith is a 1975 Canadian short documentary film about Vancouver policeman Sergeant Bernie ``Whistling'' Smith, directed by Marrin Canell.	Whistling Smith	1975
publication date	Naanayam (English: Coin / Integrity (Homophone)) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Shakti Soundar Rajan.	Naanayam	2010
publication date	East of Havana is a 2006 documentary film produced by South African actress Charlize Theron.	East of Havana	2006
publication date	Oh Sailor Behave is a 1930 American Pre-Code musical comedy film produced and released by Warner Brothers, and based on the play See Naples and Die, written by Elmer Rice.	Oh Sailor Behave	1930
publication date	Mickey Matson and the Copperhead Conspiracy (2012) is a family-friendly adventure-comedy film with the descendents of a treasonous band of Civil War villains known as Copperheads serving as the antagonist characters.	Mickey Matson and the Copperhead Conspiracy	2012
publication date	Paris Moon is a long-form concert DVD/CD shot released by the band Blackmore's Night in 2007.	Paris Moon	2007
publication date	Kahe Gaye Pardes Piya is a 2009 Awadhi/Hindi feature film directed by Sabir Shiekh, starring Tanveer Zaidi, Sanjay Swaraj and Mansi.	Kahe Gaye Pardes Piya	2009
publication date	Descent to Undermountain is a role-playing video game created and distributed by Interplay in 1997.	Descent to Undermountain	1997
publication date	Bush Studies was published in London in 1902.	Bush Studies	1902
publication date	Bandhobi (Hangul: 반두비; RR: Bandubi) is a 2009 South Korean indie film about a frustrated and rebellious high school student who ends up becoming a friend of a migrant worker from Bangladesh who is desperate to receive his unpaid back wages.	Bandhobi	2009
publication date	The first book in the series, published in 1941, is titled The Black Stallion.	The Black Stallion	1941
publication date	Henpecked is a 1930 animated short produced by Walter Lantz that features Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.	Henpecked	1930
publication date	Annabelle Butterfly Dance is an 1894 short film.	Annabelle Butterfly Dance	1894
publication date	The Mystic Warrior is a 1984 American TV movie about a band of Sioux and the efforts of one man to save his people from destruction through the use of mysterious powers handed down by ancestors.	The Mystic Warrior	1984
publication date	Men on the Bridge (Turkish: Köprüdekiler) is a 2009 Turkish drama film directed by Aslı Özge.	Men on the Bridge	2009
publication date	Pullet Surprise is a 1997 6-minute Looney Tunes short released in theaters with Cats Don't Dance.	Pullet Surprise	1997
publication date	Berlin 36 is a 2009 German film telling the fate of Jewish track and field athlete Gretel Bergmann in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Berlin 36	2009
publication date	Żołnierz zwycięstwa (Soldier of Victory) is a 1953 Polish biographical two-part film (combined running time: 215 minutes), portraying the life of General Karol Świerczewski.	Żołnierz zwycięstwa	1953
publication date	Red Riding (2009) is a three-part television adaptation of English author David Peace's Red Riding Quartet (1999--2002).	Red Riding	2009
publication date	Dir En Grey Uroboros at Budokan the Movie is a 2010 documentary film centering on a Japanese rock band Dir En Grey.	Dir En Grey Uroboros at Budokan the Movie	2010
publication date	Bruce Lee and I (Chinese: 李小龍與我, released in the United States as Bruce Lee: His Last Days, His Last Nights) is a 1976 Hong Kong biographical action film directed by Lo Mar, and starring Betty Ting Pei and Danny Lee.	Bruce Lee and I	1976
publication date	Manaivi Oru Manickam (Tamil: மனைவி ஒரு மாணிக்கம்) is a 1990 Indian Tamil film, directed by Chozharaajan and produced by N. Ramasamy.	Manaivi Oru Manickam	1990
publication date	Wall of Noise is a 1963 American drama film directed by Richard Wilson and written by Joseph Landon.	Wall of Noise	1963
publication date	The Book of Souls is the sixteenth studio album by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released on 4 September 2015.	The Book of Souls	4 September 2015
publication date	Carrotblanca is a 1995 8-minute Looney Tunes cartoon.	Carrotblanca	1995
publication date	The Shaolin Drunken Monk is a 1982 kung fu film directed by Au Yeung Chun and Lau Ka-Liang, and produced by Ocean Shores.	The Shaolin Drunken Monk	1982
publication date	Scotland Yet is a 2014 documentary film directed by Scottish filmmaker and journalist Jack Foster, and produced by Christopher Silver.	Scotland Yet	2014
publication date	Orphans of the Genocide (Armenian: Ցեղասպանության որբերը), is a 2014 film written and directed by four-time regional Emmy Award-winning American-Armenian filmmaker Bared Maronian.	Orphans of the Genocide	2014
publication date	Haunted Harbor (1944) is a Republic movie serial, based on the novel by Ewart Adamson.	Haunted Harbor	1944
publication date	Curse of the Talisman is a 2001 made-for-TV horror film directed by Colin Budds.	Curse of the Talisman	2001
publication date	Adina Megha(1970) (Odia: ଅଦିନ ମେଘ, English The Unwanted Cloud ) is a classic Odia film directed by Amit Mitra	Adina Megha	1970
publication date	Whose Was the Hand? is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe.It is considered a lost film.	Whose Was the Hand?	1912
publication date	Criminally Insane 2 (also known as Crazy Fat Ethel 2) is a 1987 horror film written and directed by Nick Millard.	Criminally Insane 2	1987
publication date	The Grub-Stake is a 1923 action adventure film produced by and starring Nell Shipman.	The Grub-Stake	1923
publication date	Come un uomo sulla terra is an Italian 2008 documentary film.	Come un uomo sulla terra	2008
publication date	Legend of the White Horse (original title: Biały smok) is a 1987 Polish-American adventure children's film directed by Jerzy Domaradzki and Janusz Morgenstern, based on the magic realism novel White Horse, Dark Dragon by Robert C. Fleet, who also wrote the screenplay.	Legend of the White Horse	1987
publication date	Canyon Bomber is a black-and-white 1978 arcade game, developed and published by Atari.	Canyon Bomber	1978
publication date	Manniac is a 2005 pornographic horror film written and directed by Ingo Trendelbernd, and co-written by Barry More.	Manniac	2005
publication date	Makkale Manege Manikya (Kannada: ಮಕ್ಕಳೇ ಮನೆಗೆ ಮಾಣಿಕ್ಯ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film, directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao and produced by N B Vathsalan.	Makkale Manege Manikya	1969
publication date	Roxy Hunter and the Secret of the Shaman is a 2008 Nickelodeon Original Movies that aired on February 1, 2008.	Roxy Hunter and the Secret of the Shaman	2008
publication date	Do Not Go Gentle (Welsh: Oed Yr Addewid) is a 2002 British film directed by Emlyn Williams.	Do Not Go Gentle	2002
publication date	Tweek City premiered on May 28, 2005 in Santa Monica, California at the Dances With Films Festival.	Tweek City	2005
publication date	Who Saw Him Die? (Swedish: Ole dole doff) is a 1968 black-and-white Swedish film about a liberal teacher struggling with the demands of teaching a classroom of unruly children.	Who Saw Him Die?	1968
publication date	96 hours or 96 heures is a 2014 French thriller film, directed by Frédéric Schoendoerffer.	96 hours	2014
publication date	That's Entertainment! is a 1974 compilation film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to celebrate its 50th anniversary.	That's Entertainment!	1974
publication date	My Super 8 Season is a French, 2005 film by Alessandro Avellis that deals with gay and lesbian issues.	My Super 8 Season	2005
publication date	Pure Fucking Mayhem is a 2008 documentary created by Stefan Rydehed which gives an inside look at the second wave Norwegian black metal band, Mayhem.	Pure Fucking Mayhem	2008
publication date	No País das Amazonas is a 1922 Brazilian silent documentary film directed by Agesilau De Araujo and Silvino Santos.	No País das Amazonas	1922
publication date	Ragini MMS is a 2011 Indian found footage horror film directed by Pawan Kripalani and produced by Jeetendra and Shobha Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms.	Ragini MMS	2011
publication date	Switchfootage 2 was released for Christmas 2006, and is a continuation of the behind the scenes look at the band Switchfoot that they had started with the original Switchfootage.	Switchfootage	2006
publication date	Computer World (German: Computerwelt) is the eighth studio album by German electronic music band Kraftwerk, released on 10 May 1981.	Computer World	1981
publication date	``Only When I Sleep'' is a single by Celtic folk rock band The Corrs from their album Talk on Corners, released in October 1997.	Only When I Sleep	October 1997
publication date	The Dark Alley is a 1972 Taiwanese and Hong Kong film.	The Dark Alley	1972
publication date	Sanaadi Appanna (Kannada: ಸನಾದಿ ಅಪ್ಪಣ್ಣ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film directed by Vijay, based on a novel of the same name by Krishnamoorthy Puranik, and starring Rajkumar and Jaya Prada in lead roles.	Sanaadi Appanna	1977
publication date	John's Not Mad is a QED documentary made by the BBC in 1989.	John's Not Mad	1989
publication date	Solid Patels is a 2015 Bollywood Hindi comedy film directed by Saurabh Varma and produced by Nitika thakur.	Solid Patels	2015
publication date	Poramboku is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Krishna Reddy.	Poramboku	2007
publication date	Physica speculatio is a text of scientific character written by Alonso de la Vera Cruz in 1557 in the capital of New Spain.	Physica speculatio	1557
publication date	Ice Poison (Chinese: 冰毒, Bing Du) is a 2014 Taiwanese drama film directed by Midi Z. It was screened in the Panorama section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival, and was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated.	Ice Poison	2014
publication date	A Different Kind of Love is a song written by Joacim Dubbelman, Martin Landh and Sam McCarthy, and performed by Caroline Wennergren at Melodifestivalen 2005.	A Different Kind of Love	2005
publication date	Aakasa Ramanna (Telugu: ఆకాశ రామన్న) is a 2010 Telugu-language comedy film.	Aakasa Ramanna	2010
publication date	Them Thar Hills (1934) is a short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy.	Them Thar Hills	1934
publication date	My Wife's Murder is a 2005 Indian Hindi crime thriller film.	My Wife's Murder	2005
publication date	The Gene Krupa Story (also known as Drum Crazy) is a 1959 biopic of American drummer and bandleader Gene Krupa.	The Gene Krupa Story	1959
publication date	Soccer Kid is a platform video game created by UK-based developer Krisalis and released in 1993 for the Commodore Amiga, 1994 for the Super NES, PC, Amiga CD32 and 3DO Interactive Multiplayer.	Soccer Kid	1993
publication date	The Embalmer (or Il mostro di Venezia / The Monster of Venice) is a 1965 Italian giallo directed by Dino Tavella that was filmed in Trieste and Venice.	Il mostro di Venezia	1965
publication date	Drive, She Said is a 1997 Canadian film by Mina Shum, starring Moira Kelly, Sebastian Spence and Josh Hamilton.	Drive, She Said	1997
publication date	Alibaba and the Thief (Chinese: 阿里巴巴:大盗奇兵) is a 2015 Chinese animated children's adventure film directed by Zheng Chengfeng.	Alibaba and the Thief	2015
publication date	Mi Amigo is a 2002 comedy, western genre film.	Mi Amigo	2002
publication date	The Last Door was crowd-funded on Kickstarter in December 2012, and the first episode was released in March 2013, with three more to follow.	The Last Door	2013
publication date	Losing Our Sons is a 2012 American documentary film produced by Americans for Peace and Tolerance, a Boston-based education non-profit company.	Losing Our Sons	2012
publication date	Captain Kidd and the Slave Girl is a 1954 Action-adventure film about a woman who disguises herself as a slave girl in order to try to gain information from Captain Kidd about his hidden treasure.	Captain Kidd and the Slave Girl	1954
publication date	Soap Life is a 2012 documentary film produced by New York Production Services that chronicles the decline of daytime television dramas and the prospective future of the genre.	Soap Life	2012
publication date	Autism Every Day is a 2006 documentary film sponsored by Autism Speaks, and produced by Lauren Thierry, Jim Watkins and Eric Solomon.	Autism Every Day	2006
publication date	Dumbo is an American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions and premiered on October 23, 1941, by RKO Radio Pictures.	Dumbo	1941
publication date	Everywhen is a 2013 English-language Norwegian science fiction film co-written, co-shot, produced, and directed by Jarand Breian Herdal in his directorial debut and starring Harald Evjan Furuholmen and Hugo Hermann.	Everywhen	2013
publication date	Gajanura Gandu (Kannada: ಗಾಜನೂರ ಗಂಡು) is a 1996 Indian Kannada action drama film directed by Anand P. Raju and produced by G. R. Krishna Reddy.	Gajanura Gandu	1996
publication date	In Your Veins is a 2009 Swedish/Norwegian drama film.	In Your Veins	2009
publication date	El día que cambió la historia is a 2012 Argentine documentary directed by Sergio Pérez and Jorge Pastor Asuaje film.	El día que cambió la historia	2012
publication date	Miss Evers' Boys is a 1997 HBO television film starring Alfre Woodard and Laurence Fishburne, based on the true story of the decades-long Tuskegee experiment.	Miss Evers' Boys	1997
publication date	Sången skall klinga or Sången ska klinga is a song written by Lasse Holm, and originally recorded by Wizex, with Kikki Danielsson on lead vocals for the 1979 album Some Girls & Trouble Boys.	Sången skall klinga	1979
publication date	Saving Shiloh is a family movie produced in 2006, based on the book of the same name written by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor.	Saving Shiloh	2006
publication date	Blue Oranges is a 2009 Bollywood film produced by S M Ferozeuddin Alameer under the Khussro Films banner and directed by Rajesh Ganguly.	Blue Oranges	2009
publication date	Slaves of New York is a 1989 comedy-drama Merchant Ivory Productions film.	Slaves of New York	1989
publication date	Ganga Addara (English : Beside the River) was a 1980 Sinhalese language film directed by Sumitra Peiris and produced by Sumathi Films.	Ganga Addara	1980
publication date	F-22 Total Air War, also known as Total Air War or by its acronym TAW, is a fighter jet flight simulator game released in 1998 centering on the F-22 Raptor fighter aircraft.	F-22 Total Air War	1998
publication date	Haunted Road (simplified Chinese: 怨灵; traditional Chinese: 怨靈; pinyin: Yuànlíng) is a 2014 Chinese horror thriller film directed by Yijian Tong.	Haunted Road	2014
publication date	The Nearsighted School Teacher was an early short comedy film released in 1898.	The Nearsighted School Teacher	1898
publication date	The Dead Sleep Easy is a 2007 Canadian drama film, a co-production of Odessa Filmworks and Zed Filmworks produced on location in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.	The Dead Sleep Easy	2007
publication date	Jeeya Jurir Xubax (Assamese: জীয়া জুৰিৰ সুবাস, English: The Pulsating Mindscape, lit. ``Fragrance of an alive brook'') is a 2014 Assamese language drama film written and directed by Sanjib Sabhapandit.	Jeeya Jurir Xubax	2014
publication date	Magdalena's Brain is a 2006 horror/thriller film starring Amy Shelton-White, David Joseph and Robert Weingartner.	Magdalena's Brain	2006
publication date	Dulha Ganga Paar Ke is a musical Bhojpuri film released in 1986 and directed by Rajkumar Sharma.	Dulha Ganga Paar Ke	1986
publication date	The Case of Itaewon Homicide (Korean: 이태원 살인사건; translit. Itaewon Salinsageon) is a 2009 South Korean film, based on the true story of the Itaewon murder case, which shocked Korea when Hongik college student Cho Jung-Pil was found dead at an Itaewon Burger King in 1997.	The Case of Itaewon Homicide	2009
publication date	9 Dead Gay Guys is a 2002 British comedy film by director Lab Ky Mo starring Brendan Mackey and Glen Mulhern and released by TLA Releasing.	9 Dead Gay Guys	2002
publication date	Bhagavathipuram (Malayalam: ഭഗവതിപുരം) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Prakashan, starring newcomer Ashraf, Arun and Souparnika in the lead roles.	Bhagavathipuram	2011
publication date	The War on Kids is a 2009 documentary film about the American school system.	The War on Kids	2009
publication date	SARS Wars (Thai: ขุนกระบี่ผีระบาด or Khun krabii hiiroh, also subtitled Bangkok Zombie Crisis) is a 2004 Thai horror-comedy film directed and co-written by Taweewat Wantha.	SARS Wars	2004
publication date	Arasangam (Tamil: அரசாங்கம்; English: Government) is a 2008 Tamil mystery-adventure film directed by R. Madhesh.	Arasangam	2008
publication date	The Canary Effect is a 2006 documentary that looks into the effects of that the United States and its policies have on the Indigenous peoples (Native Americans) who are residents.	The Canary Effect	2006
publication date	Hepaah (Assamese: হেঁপাহ, All those longings..., lit. Yearning) is a 2003 Assamese musical drama film directed by Shankar Borua and produced by Mothiasiga Pictures.	Hepaah	2003
publication date	Ena Exypno Exypno Moutro (Greek: Ένα Έξυπνο Έξυπνο Μούτρο), also known as O Achtypos (Greek: Ο Αχτύπητος) is a 1965 Greek black and white comedy film made by Finos Films and based on a theatrical play by Tsiforos O Tilemahos Triposse (Ο Τηλέμαχος Τρύπωσε).	Ena Exypno Exypno Moutro	1965
publication date	The Kansas City Massacre is a 1975 American television film about Melvin Purvis.	The Kansas City Massacre	1975
publication date	Service for Ladies (released as Reserved for Ladies in the U.S.) is a 1932 British comedy film, the second based on the novel The Head Waiter by Ernest Vajda.	Service for Ladies	1932
publication date	Venus The Flytrap is a post-apocalyptic side-scrolling video game released in 1990 for the Amiga and Atari ST.	Venus The Flytrap	1990
publication date	Sonali Cable is a 2014 Bollywood film directed by Charudutt Acharya and produced by Ramesh Sippy and Rohan Sippy.	Sonali Cable	2014
publication date	Manila Boy is a 1993 Filipino crime action comedy-drama film which starring Robin Padilla, Tony Ferrer, Aurora Sevilla, Andy Poe, Berting Labra, Rommel Padilla and Judy Ann Santos.	Manila Boy	1993
publication date	Cloudy Times (Spanish: El tiempo nublado) is a 2014 documentary film directed by Arami Ullon about her relationship with her ageing mother, who suffers from epilepsy and Parkinson's disease.	Cloudy Times	2014
publication date	Ara Soyza is a 1984 Comedy film directed by Herbert Ranjith Peiris.The film centers on three middle aged men staying in a hostel.	Ara Soyza	1984
publication date	Mickey's Nightmare is a 1932 Walt Disney short black and white cartoon about Mickey Mouse and Pluto.	Mickey's Nightmare	1932
publication date	12 Men of Christmas is a 2009 American romantic comedy television film made for the Lifetime Television network.	12 Men of Christmas	2009
publication date	My Beautiful Girl, Mari (Hangul: 마리이야기; RR: Mariiyagi; lit. ``The Story of Mari'') is a 2002 South Korean animated film.	My Beautiful Girl, Mari	2002
publication date	Makkal Aatchi is a 1995 Tamil language Indian film directed by R. K. Selvamani.	Makkal Aatchi	1995
publication date	The Girl from Calgary is a 1932 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by Phil Whitman, and starring Fifi D'Orsay and Paul Kelly.	The Girl from Calgary	1932
publication date	Romeo Eleven (French: Roméo Onze) is a 2011 Canadian drama film directed by Ivan Grbovic written by Sara Mishara and Ivan Grbovic and produced by Paul Barbeau.	Romeo Eleven	2011
publication date	Terrormolinos is a text adventure released by Melbourne House in 1985 for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC, BBC Micro and Acorn Electron, all retailing for £7.95.	Terrormolinos	1985
publication date	Mickey's Surprise Party is a 1939 Walt Disney commercial cartoon that promotes Nabisco products.	Mickey's Surprise Party	1939
publication date	``The Moan'' is a single by the American blues-rock duo The Black Keys, first released on 7`` vinyl in 2002 (ALIVE0047-1), and on CD in 2004 (ALIVE0047-2).	The Moan	2004
publication date	The Psychotronic Man is a science fiction cult film that opened in Chicago April 23, 1980, at the Carnegie Theatre.	The Psychotronic Man	1980
publication date	Woman in the Moon (German Frau im Mond) is a science fiction silent film that premiered 15 October 1929.	Woman in the Moon	1929
publication date	Fiesta Fiasco is a 1967 Warner Bros.-Seven Arts Looney Tunes theatrical cartoon starring Speedy Gonzales Daffy Duck and other mice.	Fiesta Fiasco	1967
publication date	American Shaolin is a 1992 martial arts film, starring (among others) Reese Madigan, Kim Chan and Daniel Dae Kim.	American Shaolin	1992
publication date	I fuorilegge del matrimonio, internationally released as Outlaws of Love, is a 1963 Italian anthology comedy film.	Outlaws of Love	1963
publication date	Dream Match Tennis is a 2006 tennis simulation game developed by Bimboosoft, a company based in Saitama, Japan.	Dream Match Tennis	2006
publication date	The Life and Times of Xaviera Hollander is an X-rated film released in 1974.	The Life and Times of Xaviera Hollander	1974
publication date	Nous, princesses de Clèves is a French documentary film directed by Régis Sauder, filmed at the Lycée Diderot and released on 3 March 2011.	Nous, princesses de Clèves	2011
publication date	A Place for Paedophiles is a British documentary that was televised on 21 April 2009.	A Place for Paedophiles	21 April 2009
publication date	Your Safety First was a 1956 promotional cartoon created by the Automobile Manufacturers of America.	Your Safety First	1956
publication date	Harry Fries and His Musical Saw was an early, experimental television program aired in New York City during 1932.	Harry Fries and His Musical Saw	1932
publication date	Killer Tomatoes Strike Back! is a 1990 comedy-horror film.	Killer Tomatoes Strike Back	1990
publication date	Betty Boop's Ups and Downs is a 1932 Fleischer Studios animated short film, starring Betty Boop.	Betty Boop's Ups and Downs	1932
publication date	The Long Days of Summer is a 1980 ABC television movie sequel to the 1978 NBC television movie When Every Day Was the Fourth of July.	The Long Days of Summer	1980
publication date	Pirates of the Prairie is a 1942 Western film inspired by the Banditti of the Prairie.	Pirates of the Prairie	1942
publication date	Thudakkam is a 2004 Indian Malayalam film, directed by I Sasi and produced by Sherly Joseph, Sivachandvyde.	Thudakkam	2004
publication date	Beverly Hills Chihuahua is a 2008 American adventure comedy film produced by Walt Disney Pictures, the first in the Beverly Hills Chihuahua series.	Beverly Hills Chihuahua	2008
publication date	Shruthi Seridaaga (Kannada: ಶೃತಿಸೇರಿದಾಗ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film directed by Chi Dattaraj.	Shruthi Seridaaga	1987
publication date	Marriage in Buenos Aires (Spanish: Casamiento en Buenos Aires) is a 1940 Argentine film directed by Manuel Romero.	Marriage in Buenos Aires	1940
publication date	Chaandi is a 2013 Indian film based on the 1957 short story, ``Mhais'', by Marathi writer Purushottam Laxman Deshpande.	Chaandi	2013
publication date	Christmas in the Clouds is a 2001 comedy film about a ski resort owned and operated by a Native American tribe.	Christmas in the Clouds	2001
publication date	Troop Train was a 1943 short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information.	Troop Train	1943
publication date	Viaje de locos (lit: madmen's trip) is a 1974 Argentine film.	Viaje de locos	1974
publication date	Terror Toons 2 (A.K.A. Terror Toons 2: The Sick and Silly Show) is the comedy/horror 2007 sequel to Terror Toons and is directed by Joe Castro, director of the first film.	Terror Toons 2: The Sick and Silly Show	2007
publication date	God Grew Tired of Us is a 2006 documentary film about three of the ``Lost Boys of Sudan'', a group of some 25,000 young men who have fled the wars in Sudan since the 1980s, and their experiences as they move to the United States.	God Grew Tired of Us	2006
publication date	A Ship Comes In (also known as His Country) is a 1928 silent film which tells the story of immigrants coming to the United States.	A Ship Comes In	1928
publication date	The Memory Thief is an American independent DV drama film from 2007.	The Memory Thief	2007
publication date	Princess Clementina is a 1911 British silent historical adventure film, directed and produced by William G.B. Barker.	Princess Clementina	1911
publication date	Héroes verdaderos is a 2010 Mexican animated biopic adventure film, that chronicles the adventures of the heroes of Mexicans independence Miguel Hidalgo and José María Morelos.	Héroes verdaderos	2010
publication date	Zašto ne volim sneg is the fifth studio album by the Serbian rock band Smak, released in 1981.	Zašto ne volim sneg	1981
publication date	Spider-Plant Man is a British parody short film which parodies the Spider-Man 2002 film adaptation, made for the Comic Relief 2005 appeal and aired on BBC One on 11 March 2005.	Spider-Plant Man	2005
publication date	Death Scenes is a 1989 mondo film starring Church of Satan fouder Anton LaVey and directed by Nick Bougas.	Death Scenes	1989
publication date	Britain's Hardest was a game show first broadcast on Sky One in 2004.	Britain's Hardest	2004
publication date	Something Ventured is a 2011 documentary film investigating the emergence of American venture capitalism in the mid-20th Century.	Something Ventured	2011
publication date	Abominable is a 2006 horror film, directed and written by Ryan Schifrin.	Abominable	2006
publication date	The Lost Treasure of the Knights Templar (Danish: Tempelriddernes skat) is a 2006 Danish film based on a book by Enid Blyton.	The Lost Treasure of the Knights Templar	2006
publication date	Buenos Aires, verano 1912 (English language: Buenos Aires, Summer 1912) is a 1966 Argentine black-and-white drama film comedy directed and written by Oscar Kantor with Pablo Palant.	Buenos Aires, Summer 1912	1966
publication date	The Climax is a horror film produced by Universal Pictures, first released in the United States in 1944.	The Climax	1944
publication date	Den stora dagen is a song written by Benny Borg, and originally recorded by Swedish dansband Jigs on the 1978 album ``Goa bitar 7''.	Den stora dagen	1978
publication date	The Watermelon received its World Premiere at the 2008 San Diego Film Festival.	The Watermelon	2008
publication date	Ennamo Nadakkudhu (English: Something is happening) is a 2014 Indian Tamil thriller film written and directed by Rajapandi.	Ennamo Nadakkudhu	2014
publication date	A Mail Order Hypnotist is a 1912 American silent film drama produced by Chauncey D. Herbert.	A Mail Order Hypnotist	1912
publication date	TubMUD is an English language MUD which went online in 1990.	TubMUD	1990
publisher	Juliet, Naked is a novel by the British author Nick Hornby, released on 29 September 2009 by Riverhead Books.	Juliet, Naked	Riverhead Books
publisher	Under the Green Star, published first by DAW Books in 1972, was the first of Lin Carter's Green Star Series of science-fiction/fantasy novels.	Under the Green Star	DAW Books
publisher	The Seven Minutes is a novel by Irving Wallace published in 1969 and released by Simon & Schuster.	The Seven Minutes	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Knights of Legend, released by Origin Systems in 1989, is a role-playing video game.	Knights of Legend	Origin Systems
publisher	Pokémon Rumble Blast, known in the PAL region as Super Pokémon Rumble and known in Japan as Super Pokémon Scramble (スーパーポケモンスクランブル Supa Pokémon Sukuranburu), is an action video game in the Pokémon series for the Nintendo 3DS.	Pokémon Rumble Blast	Nintendo
publisher	Joseph Lawrence Greene of Grosset & Dunlap developed Tom Corbett, Space Cadet, inspired by the Robert A. Heinlein novel Space Cadet (1948) but based on his own prior work.	Tom Corbett, Space Cadet	Grosset & Dunlap
publisher	The Best American Magazine Writing 2007 is a non-fiction book published by Columbia University Press, and edited by the American Society of Magazine Editors.	The Best American Magazine Writing 2007	Columbia University Press
publisher	The Story of the Latter-day Saints is a single-volume history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) by James B. Allen and Glen M. Leonard, first published in 1976.	The Story of the Latter-day Saints	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
publisher	G-Surfers is a futuristic racing game released in Europe on January 25, 2002 by Midas Interactive Entertainment.	G-Surfers	Midas Interactive Entertainment
publisher	Safe Area Goražde, Fantagraphics Books.	Safe Area Goražde	Fantagraphics Books
publisher	The Quivering is a single-player horror/comedy themed video game, developed by Charybdis and released by Alternative Software on PC CD-ROM.	The Quivering	Alternative Software
publisher	``On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog'' is an adage which began as a cartoon caption by Peter Steiner and published by The New Yorker on July 5, 1993.	On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog	The New Yorker
publisher	Cabela's 4x4 Off-Road Adventure is a series of three racing games published by Activision, in conjunction with hunting supply company Cabela's.	Cabela's 4x4 Off-Road Adventure	Activision
publisher	Environmental Research is a peer-reviewed environmental science and environmental health journal published by Elsevier.	Environmental Research	Elsevier
publisher	The Columbia Journalism Review (CJR) is an American magazine for professional journalists published bimonthly by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism since 1961.	Columbia Journalism Review	Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism
publisher	Postern of Fate is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie that was first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in October 1973 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company later in the same year.	Postern of Fate	Collins Crime Club
publisher	The American Journal of Sexuality Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal established in 2005 and published by Routledge.	American Journal of Sexuality Education	Routledge
publisher	``The Murders in the Rue Morgue'' is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in Graham's Magazine in 1841.	The Murders in the Rue Morgue	Graham's Magazine
publisher	Annals of Internal Medicine is an academic medical journal published by the American College of Physicians (ACP).	Annals of Internal Medicine	American College of Physicians
publisher	Iterative Receiver Design is a 2007 engineering book by Henk Wymeersch published by Cambridge University Press.	Iterative Receiver Design	Cambridge University Press
publisher	Ten Pin Alley 2 is a ten-pin bowling simulation game, published by XS Games and released on the Game Boy Advance platform and later for the Wii.	Ten Pin Alley 2	XS Games
publisher	The Japan Spotlight (ISSN: 1348-9216) is a bimonthly publication by the Japan Economic Foundation (JEF).	Japan Spotlight	Japan Economic Foundation
publisher	The Tree of Seasons is a children's book written by Boyzone member Stephen Gately and published posthumously by Hodder & Stoughton in 2010.	The Tree of Seasons	Hodder & Stoughton
publisher	A Common Story (Обыкнове́нная исто́рия, Obyknovennaya istorya) is a debut novel by Ivan Goncharov written in 1844--1846 and first published in the 1847 March and April issues of Sovremennik magazine.	A Common Story	Sovremennik
publisher	Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts was written by William W. Connors, and published by TSR, Inc. Cover art was by Robin Wood, with interior art by Robert Klasnich and Stephen Fabian.	Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts	TSR
publisher	Great Cities of the Ancient World is a 1972 history book by L. Sprague de Camp, published by Doubleday.	Great Cities of the Ancient World	Doubleday
record label	Partyball is the third album by Stan Ridgway and his last release by Geffen Records.	Partyball	Geffen Records
record label	Pretty Hate Machine is the debut album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released October 20, 1989 on TVT Records.	Pretty Hate Machine	TVT Records
record label	Roadrunner Records announced that Nightwish would be releasing a 10`` LP titled Trials of Imaginaerum in conjunction with Record Store Day (April 21, 2012).	Nightwish	Roadrunner Records
record label	Warner Bros. Records released ``Uncle John's Band'', backed with ``New Speedway Boogie'', as a single in 1970, receiving only limited airplay due to its length.	Uncle John's Band	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Take Out the Trash is the fifth album by American punk rock band Legal Weapon, released in 1991 on Triple X Records.	Take Out the Trash	Triple X Records
screenwriter	Love and Human Remains is a 1993 Canadian film directed by Denys Arcand and based on Brad Fraser's stage play Unidentified Human Remains and the True Nature of Love.	Love and Human Remains	Brad Fraser
screenwriter	A Busy Day is a 1914 short film starring Charlie Chaplin and Mack Swain.	A Busy Day	Charlie Chaplin
screenwriter	Il bello, il brutto, il cretino, internationally known as The Handsome, the Ugly, and the Stupid is a 1967 Italian film directed by Giovanni Grimaldi.	The Handsome, the Ugly, and the Stupid	Giovanni Grimaldi
screenwriter	Purple Sea (Italian: Viola di mare, also known as The Sea Purple) is a 2009 Italian romance drama film directed by Donatella Maiorca.	Purple Sea	Donatella Maiorca
screenwriter	Una farfalla con le ali insanguinate is a 1971 giallo film directed by Duccio Tessari.	Una farfalla con le ali insanguinate	Duccio Tessari
series	Return to the Hundred Acre Wood is a Winnie-the-Pooh novel published on 5 October 2009.	Return to the Hundred Acre Wood	Winnie-the-Pooh
series	``Stewie is Enceinte'' is the twelfth episode of the thirteenth season of the animated sitcom Family Guy, and the 243rd episode overall.	Stewie is Enceinte	Family Guy
series	Treasures of the Savage Frontier (1992) is a Gold Box Dungeons and Dragons role-playing video game.	Treasures of the Savage Frontier	Gold Box
series	``First Christmas'' is the eleventh episode of the first season of the American television comedy series Up All Night.	First Christmas	Up All Night
series	``4,722 Hours'' is the fifth episode of the third season of the American television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Jemma Simmons as she is stranded on an alien planet.	4,722 Hours	Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
series	A Great and Terrible Beauty is the first novel in the Gemma Doyle Trilogy by Libba Bray.	A Great and Terrible Beauty	Gemma Doyle Trilogy
series	``The Fall of Night'' is the final episode of the second season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.	The Fall of Night	Babylon 5
series	``Freddy Spaghetti'' and the rest of the second season of Parks and Recreation was released on DVD in the United States on November 30, 2010, which included an extended 26-minute ``producer's cut'' of the episode.	Freddy Spaghetti	second season of Parks and Recreation
series	The Ambassadors of Death is the third serial of the seventh season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in seven weekly parts from 21 March to 2 May 1970.	The Ambassadors of Death	Doctor Who
series	``Cave of Echoes'' is the 24th and last episode of the second season of the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.	Cave of Echoes	Hercules: The Legendary Journeys
series	Rogue Queen is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp, the third book in his Viagens Interplanetarias series.	Rogue Queen	Viagens Interplanetarias
series	``Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub'' (also known as ``Melvins'') is the 39th episode of Comedy Central's South Park.	Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub	South Park
series	Taran Wanderer (1967) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander, the fourth of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain.	Taran Wanderer	The Chronicles of Prydain
series	All Together Dead is the seventh book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries.	All Together Dead	The Southern Vampire Mysteries
series	``Brother's Little Helper'' is the second episode of The Simpsons' 11th season.	Brother's Little Helper	The Simpsons
series	``Emanations'' is the ninth episode of Star Trek: Voyager.	Emanations	Star Trek: Voyager
series	``The Jeopardy Room'' is episode 149 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone, which originally aired on April 17, 1964 on CBS.	The Jeopardy Room	The Twilight Zone
series	A Darkness at Sethanon is the third and final book in The Riftwar Saga.	A Darkness at Sethanon	The Riftwar Saga
series	Ding Dog Daddy was a 1942 color Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Friz Freleng and written by Tedd Pierce	Ding Dog Daddy	Merrie Melodies
series	The Albino's Dancer is the ninth in the series of ``Time Hunter'' novellas, and features the characters Honoré Lechasseur and Emily Blandish from Daniel O'Mahony's Doctor Who novella The Cabinet of Light.	The Albino's Dancer	Time Hunter
series	``Ludachristmas'' is the ninth episode of the second season of the television series 30 Rock and was first broadcast on December 13, 2007, on the NBC network in the United States.	Ludachristmas	30 Rock
series	Who Will Comfort Toffle? is the second picture book in the Moomin series by Tove Jansson.	Who Will Comfort Toffle?	Moomin
series	``Cripple Fight'' (also known as ``Cripple Fight!'' ) is the second episode of the fifth season of the animated television series South Park, and 67th episode of the series overall.	Cripple Fight	South Park
series	Kitty Foiled is a 1948 one-reel animated cartoon, the 34th in the Tom and Jerry series.	Kitty Foiled	Tom and Jerry
series	Luna 15 was an unmanned space mission of the Soviet Luna programme.	Luna 15	Luna programme
series	Posse Cat is a 1954 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short.	Posse Cat	Tom and Jerry
series	``What Kate Does'' is the 106th television episode of the American Broadcasting Company's Lost and third episode of the sixth season.	What Kate Does	Lost
series	Dead as a Doornail is the fifth book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries.	Dead as a Doornail	The Southern Vampire Mysteries
series	Road Hogs is the second supplement to the After the Bomb setting of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness role-playing game.	Road Hogs	After the Bomb
series	Against the Tide of Years is the second out of the three alternate history novels of the Nantucket series by S. M. Stirling.	Against the Tide of Years	Nantucket series
series	``That Night, A Forest Grew'' is the seventh episode of the second season and nineteenth overall episode of the American television drama series Dexter, which first aired on 11 November 2007 on Showtime in the United States.	That Night, A Forest Grew	Dexter
series	``Goodnight, Seattle'' is the series finale of the long-running American sitcom Frasier.	Goodnight, Seattle	Frasier
series	``'19:19'' is the seventh episode of the second season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.	19:19	Millennium
series	Almas de vagar (Wandering of soul in English), is the second book of the Uruguayan Horacio López Usera.	Almas de vagar	Horacio López
series	Conan of Aquilonia is a collection of four linked fantasy short stories written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan of Aquilonia	Conan the Barbarian
series	Servant of the Shard was originally the third book in R.A. Salvatore's book series, Paths of Darkness, but has been taken out and made the first book of The Sellswords Trilogy.	Servant of the Shard	Paths of Darkness	The Sellswords
series	Conan the Hero is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian and his black counterpart Juma of Kush, a character originally created by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter for their Conan story ``The City of Skulls.''	Conan the Hero	Conan the Barbarian
series	His Majesty's Dragon, published in the UK as Temeraire, is the first novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik first published in 2006.	His Majesty's Dragon	Temeraire
series	The Small House at Allington is the fifth novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the ``Chronicles of Barsetshire'', first published in 1864.	The Small House at Allington	Chronicles of Barsetshire
series	From Dead to Worse is the eighth book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries.	From Dead to Worse	The Southern Vampire Mysteries
series	The Land of Crimson Clouds (Russian: Страна багровых туч) is a 1959 science fiction novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe.	The Land of Crimson Clouds	Noon Universe
series	``Trials and Tribble-ations'' is the 104th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the sixth episode of the fifth season.	Trials and Tribble-ations	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	``Selfless, Brave and True'' is the 18th episode of the second season of the American ABC fantasy/drama television series Once Upon a Time, and the show's 40th episode overall.	Selfless, Brave and True	Once Upon a Time
series	``Skinner's Sense of Snow'' is the eighth episode of The Simpsons' twelfth season.	Skinner's Sense of Snow	The Simpsons
series	Club Dead is the third book in Charlaine Harris's series The Southern Vampire Mysteries, released in 2003.	Club Dead	The Southern Vampire Mysteries
series	``A Leela of Her Own'' is the sixteenth episode in the third season of the animated series Futurama.	A Leela of Her Own	Futurama
series	Le cas Lagaffe, written and drawn by Franquin, is the ninth album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series.	Le cas Lagaffe	Gaston
series	The Renault Clio is a supermini car, produced by the French automobile manufacturer Renault.	Renault Clio	supermini
series	The Happy Return (Beat to Quarters in the US) was the first of the Horatio Hornblower novels published by C. S. Forester.	The Happy Return	Horatio Hornblower
series	``My Mother, the Fiend'' is the ninth episode of the second season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the thirty-first episode overall.	My Mother, the Fiend	Veronica Mars
series	``Epideme'' is the seventh episode of science fiction comedy series Red Dwarf VII and the 43rd in the series run.	Epideme	Red Dwarf
series	The Missing Mouse is the 73rd one reel American animated Tom and Jerry short, created in 1951, directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby.	The Missing Mouse	Tom and Jerry
series	The Honda Euro Sport (or VT500E Euro) is a motorcycle in the Honda VT series.	Honda Euro Sport	Honda VT series
sex or gender	Bi Yan (simplified Chinese: 毕妍; traditional Chinese: 畢妍; pinyin: Bì Yán; born February 17, 1984 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Bi Yan	female
sex or gender	Lisa Backhouse is a female Australian television journalist for the Nine Network.	Lisa Backhouse	female
sex or gender	In October 2005, Ya Kid K made a guest appearance on Public Warning the debut album of female MC Lady Sovereign.	Ya Kid K	female
sex or gender	Darlene Thomasina Pidgeon (born 1975) is a rock climber known for being one of the world's strongest female boulderers, the strongest female Canadian boulderer, and the first Canadian female to climb the grades of V10, V11, and V12.	Thomasina Pidgeon	female
sex or gender	Julia Clark (1880 -- June 17, 1912) was the third woman to receive a pilot's license (on May 19, 1912) from the Aero Club of America, and though British, she was the first female pilot to die in an air crash in the United States.	Julia Clark	female
sex or gender	Geovana Irusta Morejon (born September 26, 1975 in Sucre) is a female Bolivian racewalker.	Geovana Irusta	female
sex or gender	Marlous Pieëte (born 19 July 1989) is a Dutch female international footballer.	Marlous Pieëte	female
sex or gender	Vilayphone Vongphachanh (born April 26, 1989) is a female Laotian Olympic freestyle swimmer.	Vilayphone Vongphachanh	female
sex or gender	In November 2015, Gemma Etheridge was the first ever female Sevens Player Director to join the The Rugby Union Players'' Association (RUPA) Board.	Gemma Etheridge	female
sex or gender	Bi Zhong (born September 1, 1968) is a retired male hammer thrower from PR China, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Bi Zhong	male
sex or gender	Lee Choo Neo (September 7, 1895 - September 7, 1947) was the first female doctor to practice in Singapore.	Lee Choo Neo	female
sex or gender	Olive Cotton (11 July 1911 -- 27 September 2003) was a pioneering Australian modernist female photographer of the 1930s and 40s working in Sydney.	Olive Cotton	female
sex or gender	Charlie Cho Cha-lee (曹查理), a famous male actor in Hong Kong pornography films, especially during the 1980s.	Charlie Cho	male
sex or gender	Tim King is an African American educator and non-profit leader, and the founder and CEO of Urban Prep Academies, a network of all-male charter public high schools in Chicago.	Tim King	male
sex or gender	Lasha Pkhakadze (born 24 May 1994) is a male Georgian recurve archer.	Lasha Pkhakadze	male
sex or gender	In ''Zapatos sin tacón``, an anthology of Arab female writers, edited by Ami Elad-Bouskila, with stories by Hanan Al-Shaikh and Liana Badr, Latifa Baka contributed the title story.	Latifa Baka	female
sex or gender	Liang Geliang (Wade--Giles: Liang Ko-liang) is a male former table tennis player from China.	Liang Geliang	male
sex or gender	Anne Kirk (born 6 April 1951) is a Scottish female darts player.	Anne Kirk	female
sex or gender	Kerstin Stegemann (born September 29, 1977) is a former female football player from Germany.	Kerstin Stegemann	female
sex or gender	Heidi-Elke Gaugel (born 11 July 1959 in Schönaich) is a retired female German athlete, who mainly competed in the 400 m during her career.	Heidi-Elke Gaugel	female
sex or gender	Lili Tampi (born May 19, 1970 in Tasikmalaya, Jawa Barat) is a retired Indonesian female badminton player who specialized in doubles.	Lili Tampi	female
sex or gender	Jumah Faraj Mohamed (Arabic: ﺟﻤﻌﺔ ﻓﺮج‎, born 14 April 1985) is a Qatari male volleyball player.	Jumah Faraj	male
sex or gender	Becky Levi is an American female mixed martial artist.	Becky Levi	female
sex or gender	Linda Jefferson was an African-American female professional football player in the 1970s.	Linda Jefferson	female
sex or gender	Since 1978, Desiré Wilson has been recognised as the most accomplished female racing driver in the world.	Desiré Wilson	female
sex or gender	The Orphic Iacchus was held to have a two-fold personality comprising male and female aspects, the female of which was called 'Misa'.	Iacchus	male
sex or gender	Michel Burgener (born 1 June 1949) is a retired Swiss professional male tennis player.	Michel Burgener	male
sex or gender	Juan Ignacio Chela, nicknamed as ``El Flaco'' or ``Liliano'', (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈxwan iɣˈnasjo ˈtʃela); born August 30, 1979) is a former professional male tennis player from Argentina.	Juan Ignacio Chela	male
sex or gender	AOA Black's MOYA(모야), as male character Kim Min-kyo 2014:	Kim Min-kyo	male
sex or gender	Salome Chepchumba (born 29 September 1982) is a female middle-distance runner from Kenya, who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Salome Chepchumba	female
sex or gender	Daniel Effiong (born June 17, 1972 in Calabar) is a retired male sprinter from Nigeria.	Daniel Effiong	male
sex or gender	Jocie Kok (born 21 March 1982), also known as Guo Mei Mei, is a Singaporean female singer who made her first appearance on the entertainment scene in the middle of 2005.	Jocie Kok	female
sex or gender	Ma Yunwen (simplified Chinese: 马蕴雯; traditional Chinese: 馬蘊雯; pinyin: Mǎ Yùnwén; born 19 October 1986 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Ma Yunwen	female
sex or gender	Thidapa Suwannapura (born 20 November 1992) is a Thai female professional golfer.	Thidapa Suwannapura	female
sex or gender	Paul Sculfor (born 1 February 1971) is a British male model as well as a TV and film actor.	Paul Sculfor	male
sex or gender	Thérèse Humbert (1856--1918) was a French female fraudster, who pretended to be an heir of an imaginary American millionaire Robert Crawford.	Thérèse Humbert	female
sex or gender	Elena Gigli (born July 9, 1985 in Empoli) is a female water polo goalkeeper from Italy, who won the gold medal with the Women's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Elena Gigli	female
sex or gender	Jessica Barnett (born June 5, 1991 in North Vancouver, British Columbia) is a female field hockey player, who played for the Canada national field hockey team as a defender at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.	Jessica Barnett	female
sex or gender	Paula Fudge (née Yeoman; born 30 March 1952) is a retired female long-distance runner from England, who competed in the late 1970s and the 1980s in the women's marathon and half marathon.	Paula Fudge	female
sex or gender	Geraldine Brianne Murphy (April 1, 1933 -- August 20, 2003) was a cinematographer and, the first female director of photography on a major studio film.	Brianne Murphy	female
sex or gender	Monster Bobby is most well known as being guitarist for The Cassette(s), The Pipettes' all-male backing band.	Monster Bobby	male
sex or gender	Jacques Yoko Kwed (born 29 April 1972 in Paris) is a former French-Cameroonian male volleyball player.	Jacques Yoko	male
sex or gender	Lillian O'Donnell (1926--2005) was an American crime novelist notable for being one of the first to introduce a female police officer as the lead character in a book series.	Lillian O'Donnell	female
sex or gender	Evgenia Radanova (Bulgarian: Евгения Раданова) (born 4 November 1977) is a Bulgarian female short track speed skater and racing cyclist who has participated in both the Summer and Winter Olympics.	Evgenia Radanova	female
sex or gender	Mary Isabella Charlet-Straton (née Straton; 1838 -- 12 April 1918) was a British female mountain climber.	Isabella Charlet-Straton	female
sex or gender	Henrietta Hall Shuck (28 October 1817 -- 27 November 1844) was the first American female missionary to China.	Henrietta Hall Shuck	female
sex or gender	Masanosuke Fukuda (4 May 1897 -- 22 December 1974) was a Japanese male tennis player who represented Japan in the Davis Cup and Olympic Games.	Masanosuke Fukuda	male
sex or gender	Mira Suhonen (née Nevansuu) (born July 9, 1985 in Kuortane) is a Finnish female sport shooter, mainly competing in 10 metre pistol.	Mira Suhonen	female
sex or gender	Jana Vollmer (born May 5, 1973 in Mladá Boleslav) is a female former beach volleyball player from Germany, who was born in Czechoslovakia.	Jana Vollmer	female
sex or gender	Or she's ancillarily used as a ``valletta'' (for the ``male'' Mike Bongiorno or a similar one).	Mike Bongiorno	male
sex or gender	Burcu Çetinkaya (born March 19, 1981 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish female rally driver and currently a television representer.	Burcu Çetinkaya	female
sex or gender	Sally Kipyegois the first Texas Tech Big 12 XC Champ & only female to ever win 3 Big 12 Conference cross country titles (06, 07, 08).	Sally Kipyego	female
sex or gender	Catherine Jacques (born 28 September 1979 in Merksem) is a female Belgian judoka who competed in the middleweight category (70 kg).	Catherine Jacques	female
sex or gender	Daiva Jodeikaitė (born April 1, 1966) is a former Soviet and Lithuanian female professional basketball player.	Daiva Jodeikaitė	female
sex or gender	Miloslav Konopka (born 23 January 1979 in Rimavská Sobota) is a male hammer thrower from Slovakia.	Miloslav Konopka	male
sex or gender	Given the stage name Marrie Lee, she made her film debut at age 18, portraying the title character in 1978's They Call Her Cleopatra Wong, a martial arts film about a female Interpol agent written and directed by Bobby A. Suarez.	Marrie Lee	female
sex or gender	Kenneth Jonassen (born July 3, 1974 in Herning) is a male badminton player from Denmark, who won Danish national and international titles during the first decade of the 21st century.	Kenneth Jonassen	male
sex or gender	Jiří Malysa (born 14 August 1966 in Opava, Czechoslovakia) is a retired male race walker from Czech Republic, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996.	Jiří Malysa	male
sex or gender	Likhit Namsen (Thai: ลิขิต นามเสน, born 6 July 1972) is a retired Thai female volleyball player.	Likhit Namsen	female
sex or gender	Si-An Deng (born June 25, 1963 in Shanghai, China) is a retired female badminton player from Canada, who won the silver medal in the inaugural women's singles competition at the 1995 Pan American Games.	Si-An Deng	female
sex or gender	Fan Linlin (simplified Chinese: 範琳琳; traditional Chinese: 范琳琳; pinyin: Fàn Línlín; born 1 December 1991 in Beijing) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Fan Linlin	female
sex or gender	Judith Blansjaar (born 23 May 1990 in Beverwijk) is a retired Dutch female volleyball player.	Judith Blansjaar	female
sex or gender	Maurine Stuart (3 March 1922--26 February 1990), a.k.a. Ma Roshi or Mother Roshi, was a Canadian Rinzai Zen rōshi who was one of the first female Zen masters to teach in the United States.	Maurine Stuart	female
sex or gender	Kim Nam-sun (Hangul: 김남선; born May 3, 1981) is a female South Korean handball player who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kim Nam-sun	female
sex or gender	In 2009 Pelageya was awarded the title ``Best female soloist of the year'' according to Nashe Radio.	Pelageya	female
sex or gender	Meng Lili (simplified Chinese: 孟丽丽; traditional Chinese: 孟麗麗; pinyin: Mèng Lìlì; born December 28, 1979 in Xintai, Tai'an, Shandong) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Meng Lili	female
sex or gender	Daniel Juan Revilla (1969 -- January 16, 2003), a 34-year-old white male, was executed by lethal injection at Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester, Oklahoma on January 16, 2003.	Daniel Juan Revilla	male
sex or gender	Maritza Martén García (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈɾitsa maɾˈten); born August 17, 1963 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) is a retired female discus thrower from Cuba who competed in the discus contest at the 1992 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal.	Maritza Martén	female
sex or gender	During a long and varied career, Patsy Burt won many British national-level competitions, and was the first female driver ever to win the Brighton Speed Trials and the RAC National Sprint Championship.	Patsy Burt	female
sex or gender	Benoît Zwierzchiewski (born August 19, 1976 in Mouscron, Belgium) is a male long-distance runner from France who mainly competed in the marathon race during his career.	Benoît Zwierzchiewski	male
sex or gender	Valentina Tauceri (born July 20, 1966 in Trieste) is a former female middle- and long-distance runner from Italy.	Valentina Tauceri	female
sex or gender	Huang Hsien-yung (simplified Chinese: 黄显咏; traditional Chinese: 黃顯詠; pinyin: Huáng Xiǎnyǒng; born December 12, 1993 in Taipei County (now New Taipei City), Taiwan) is a female Taiwanese athlete.	Huang Hsien-yung	female
sex or gender	Carol Porter would have become the first female Lieutenant Governor of Georgia if she had won election in 2010.	Carol Porter	female
sex or gender	Gong Maoxin (born August 24, 1987), is a professional male tennis player.	Gong Maoxin	male
sex or gender	Negrita Jayde (July 5, 1958 -- August 28, 2009) was a Canadian female bodybuilding champion, personal trainer, author, actor and businesswoman.	Negrita Jayde	female
sex or gender	Tong Fei (Chinese: 童非; 25 March 1961 - ) is a male Chinese gymnast.	Tong Fei	male
sex or gender	Ivan Marcisin (born 2 October 1989) is a male former water polo goalkeeper from Canada, living in Hamilton, ON.	Ivan Marcisin	male
sex or gender	Anne Gerd Eieland (born 28 December 1982) from Iveland, Aust-Agder is Norway's third best female high jumper of all time, behind Hanne Haugland and Tonje Angelsen.	Anne Gerd Eieland	female
sex or gender	Qiu Yingling (Chinese: 邱英玲; pinyin: Qiū Yīnglíng; Cantonese Yale: Yau1 Ying1 Ling4; born July 8, 1980 in Yangchun, Yangjiang, Guangdong) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Qiu Yingling	female
sex or gender	Jacopo Marin (born 24 March 1984 in Grado ) is a male sprinter from Italia who specializes in the 400 metres.	Jacopo Marin	male
sex or gender	Sari Szasz was a female table tennis player.	Sari Szasz	female
sex or gender	Wang Xiaozhu (Chinese: 王小竹; pinyin: Wáng Xiǎozhú; born 15 May 1973) is a female Chinese archer.	Wang Xiaozhu	female
sex or gender	Danyel Mitchell (born September 16, 1972) is a retired female discus thrower and shot putter from the United States.	Danyel Mitchell	female
sport	The 2006 Golden Spin of Zagreb was the Golden Spin of Zagreb for the 2006--2007 figure skating season.	2006 Golden Spin of Zagreb	figure skating
sport	The Auckland Pirates were a New Zealand professional basketball team that represented the Auckland Region in the National Basketball League (NBL).	Auckland Pirates	basketball
sport	HC CSKA Moscow (Russian: ЦСКА Москва. Центральный Спортивный Клуб Армии, Central Sports Club of the Army, Moscow) is a Russian ice hockey club that plays in the Kontinental Hockey League.	HC CSKA Moscow	ice hockey
sport	The 2002 International Raiffeisen Grand Prix was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Sankt Pölten in Austria and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour.	2002 International Raiffeisen Grand Prix	tennis
sport	Włodzimierz Sadalski (born August 29, 1949 in Poznań, Poland) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish national team in 1970-1977, Olympic Champion 1976, World Champion 1974, silver medalist of the European Championship (1975, 1977).	Włodzimierz Sadalski	volleyball
sport	The Quebec Aces, also known in French as Les As de Québec, were an amateur and later a professional men's ice hockey team from Quebec City, Quebec.	Quebec Aces	ice hockey
sport	The Namibia national football team, nicknamed the Brave Warriors, is the national association football team of Namibia and is controlled by the Namibia Football Association.	Namibia national football team	association football
sport	Teoman Alibegović (born January 11, 1967) is former Bosnian-Slovenian professional basketball player, coach and manager.	Teoman Alibegović	basketball
sport	Marek Doronin (born January 9, 1983) is an Estonian professional basketball pleyer.	Marek Doronin	basketball
sport	Baseball at the 1995 Summer Universiade was the second Universiade to include baseball as a contested sport.	Baseball at the 1995 Summer Universiade	baseball
sport	The West Virginia Wildfire is a women's American football team in the Women's Spring Football League since 2011.	West Virginia Wildfire	American football
sport	Magnesium carbonate, most often referred to as 'chalk', is used as a drying agent for hands in rock climbing, gymnastics, and weight lifting.	Magnesium carbonate	gymnastics
sport	Kevin Bradshaw (born February 13, 1965) is an American former professional basketball player and current collegiate basketball coach.	Kevin Bradshaw	basketball
sport	The Women's National Soccer League (WNSL) was Australia's top women's association football league.	Women's National Soccer League	association football
sport	Megan Hodge Easy (born October 15, 1988) is an American indoor collegiate volleyball player who played for Pennsylvania State University's volleyball team.	Megan Hodge	volleyball
sport	Richard Dale Long (February 6, 1926 -- January 27, 1991) was a first baseman in professional baseball.	Dale Long	baseball
sport	The 2007 State of Origin series was the 26th year that the annual best-of-three series of interstate rugby league football matches between the Queensland and New South Wales representative teams was contested entirely under 'state of origin' selection rules.	2007 State of Origin series	rugby league
sport	The Adelaide University Football Club (AUFC) is a South Australian based Australian rules football club.	Adelaide University Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Constantin Popa (born February 18, 1971) is a 2.20 m (7' 2½``) retired Romanian-Israeli professional basketball player.	Constantin Popa	basketball
sport	The Hobart Hurricanes is an Australian professional men's Twenty20 cricket team based in Tasmania, Australia.	Hobart Hurricanes	cricket
sport	Antoine Mendy (born August 16, 1983 in Paris, France) is a French-born Senegalese basketball player who plays for French Pro A league club JDA Dijon Basket.	Antoine Mendy	basketball
sport	María Luisa Terán de Weiss (29 January 1918 -- 8 December 1984), known in Argentina as Mary Terán de Weiss, and out of Argentina as María Teran Weiss, was an Argentine tennis player, the first Argentine woman to have a relevant sport performance in the international tennis tour.	Mary Terán de Weiss	tennis
sport	Sayany-Khakassia (Russian: Саяны-Хакасия) is a bandy club in Abakan, Russia, founded in 1980.	Sayany-Khakassia	bandy
sport	Victorine Agum Fomum (born June 17, 1974 in Bamenda) is a Cameroonian table tennis player.	Victorine Agum Fomum	table tennis
sport	The Portage Lakes Hockey Club was one of the first professional ice hockey clubs.	Portage Lakes Hockey Club	ice hockey
sport	Luke Baldwin (born 15 September 1990) is a rugby union player born in Royal Tunbridge Wells, England.	Luke Baldwin	rugby union
sport	The 2004 World Cup of Hockey was an international ice hockey tournament.	2004 World Cup of Hockey	ice hockey
sport	Paolo Marinelli (born 10 April 1995) is a Croatian professional basketball player who plays for Kvarner 2010 of the Croatian A-1 Liga, on loan from Union Olimpija.	Paolo Marinelli	basketball
sport	Alena Hanušová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈalɛna ˈɦanuʃovaː); born 29 May 1991) is a Czech professional basketball player.	Alena Hanušová	basketball
sport	The 102nd Grey Cup was a Canadian football game played November 30, 2014, between the West Division champion Calgary Stampeders and East Division champion Hamilton Tiger-Cats, to determine the Canadian Football League (CFL) championship for the 2014 season.	102nd Grey Cup	Canadian football
sport	Swedish goggles are a classic and popular type of swimming goggles worn by many competitive swimmers.	Swedish goggles	swimming
sport	Marc-André Cliche (born March 23, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center currently playing for the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Marc-André Cliche	ice hockey
sport	The 1972 Cincinnati Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Coney Island in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States that was part of the 1972 Commercial Union Assurance Grand Prix.	1972 Cincinnati Open	tennis
sport	Chen Xiaojun (Chinese: 陈晓君; pinyin: Chén Xiǎojūn; born August 3, 1992) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Chen Xiaojun	synchronized swimming
sport	The Handball International Championships are yearly held competitions where many countries and regions play the handball sports derived from the Jeu de paume.	Handball International Championships	handball
sport	Grigory Helbach (Hellbach, Gelbach, Gelbak) (13 January 1863 -- 3 August 1930) was a Russian chess master.	Grigory Helbach	chess
sport	The Große Olympiaschanze (English: Great Olympic Hill) is a ski jumping hill located in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.	Große Olympiaschanze	ski jumping
sport	The Xinjiang Tianshan Rural-Commercial Bank Flying Tigers (新疆天山农商银行飞虎) or Xinjiang Tianshan Nongshang Yinhang or Xinjiang Flying Tigers are a professional basketball team based in Ürümqi, Xinjiang, China, which plays in the North Division of the Chinese Basketball Association.	Xinjiang Flying Tigers	basketball
sport	Bendigo Spirit is one of three Victorian basketball teams in the Australian Women's National Basketball League.	Bendigo Spirit	basketball
sport	Xavier Corosine (born March 12, 1985 in Fréjus, France) is a French basketball player who plays for the French Pro A league club SOMB Boulogne-sur-Mer.	Xavier Corosine	basketball
sport	The Ghana national football team (Akan: Gaana adehyeman nan-bɔɔl tiim) represents Ghana in international association football and has done so since the 1950s.	Ghana national football team	association football
sport	The Quad City Mallards are a minor league professional ice hockey team based in the Quad Cities area of Illinois and Iowa.	Quad City Mallards	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 Nordic Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating competition in the 2010--2011 season.	2011 Nordic Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Torpedo Hockey Club (Kazakh: ``Торпедо'' хоккей клубы; Russian: Хоккейный клуб ``Торпедо''), commonly referred to as Torpedo Ust-Kamenogorsk, formerly known as Kazzinc-Torpedo (1999--2015), is a professional ice hockey team based in Oskemen, Kazakhstan.	Kazzinc-Torpedo	ice hockey
sport	Li Henan (Chinese: 李赫男; born 1943) is a former Chinese table tennis player and coach.	Li Henan	table tennis
sport	The Mitta United Football Club, nicknamed the Mountain Men or the Blues, is an Australian rules football club playing in the Tallangatta & District Football League.	Mitta United Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The 2004 WTA Tour Championships was a women's round robin tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, United States.	2004 WTA Tour Championships	tennis
sport	Claudio Valigi (born February 3, 1962 in Deruta) is an Italian association football manager, who last served as head coach of Lupa Frascati and former player.	Claudio Valigi	association football
sport	The 1970 Houston Women's Invitation (also known as the Virginia Slims Invitation for sponsorship reasons) was a women's only tennis tournament.	1970 Houston Women's Invitation	tennis
sport	The EuroCup Women (officially FIBA EuroCup Women) is the second-caliber professional basketball league with teams from European clubs from national leagues joined in FIBA Europe.	EuroCup Women	basketball
sport	The Rugby League Four Nations, known as the Gillette Four Nations for sponsorship, is a biennial rugby league football tournament run in partnership between the Australian Rugby League Commission, Rugby Football League and New Zealand Rugby League representing the top three nations in the sport:	Rugby League Four Nations	rugby league
sport	The 2011 Crosstown Shootout brawl, nicknamed The Crosstown Punch-Out, was a bench-clearing brawl that took place at the end of the 2011 edition of the Crosstown Shootout college basketball game between the University of Cincinnati Bearcats and the Xavier University Musketeers.	2011 Crosstown Shootout brawl	basketball
sport	Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey '98 is an ice hockey game for the Nintendo 64 and PlayStation, it was released in 1997.	Wayne Gretzky's 3D Hockey '98	ice hockey
sport	John Brisker (born June 15, 1947) was an American professional basketball player from Detroit, Michigan who disappeared in Uganda in April 1978.	John Brisker	basketball
sport	The 1980 Royal Bank of Scotland World Women's Curling Championship, the women's world curling championship, was held from March 17--21 at the Perth Ice Rink in Perth, Scotland.	1980 Royal Bank of Scotland World Women's Curling Championship	curling
sport	The Philippine International Tennis Tournament was a men's tennis tournament played in Manila, Philippines from 1973-1978.	Philippine International Tennis Tournament	tennis
sport	Dave Philistin is a former American football linebacker.	Dave Philistin	American football
sport	Brandon Maye (born March 28, 1989) was an American football linebacker at Clemson University.	Brandon Maye	American football
sport	The Golf de Granville Baie du Mont St Michel is a 27-hole golf course located at Bréville-sur-Mer (Manche), approximately 4 miles north of Granville, Normandy, France.	Golf de Granville Baie du Mont St Michel	golf
sport	The Rolex Trophy is a golf tournament on the Challenge Tour, that is played in Geneva, Switzerland.	Rolex Trophy	golf
sport	The World Hockey Association 2 was a minor professional ice hockey league created at the instigation of the organizers of the proposed recreated World Hockey Association to serve as its development league.	World Hockey Association 2	ice hockey
sport	Fundación Aborigen Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union club from the city of Formosa.	Aborigen Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Vickie Johnson (born April 15, 1972) is a former basketball player and current assistant coach for the San Antonio Stars.	Vickie Johnson	basketball
sport	Wayne Cashman (born June 24, 1945) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and a former NHL head coach.	Wayne Cashman	ice hockey
sport	Lokomotiv Daugavpils is a Latvian motorcycle speedway team based in Daugavpils who won Polish First League (2nd division) and will race in the Polish top division next year.	Lokomotiv Daugavpils	motorcycle speedway
sport	Mikhail Yudovich (8 June 1911, Roslavl -- 19 September 1987) was a Russian chess master, journalist, and writer.	Mikhail Yudovich	chess
sport	Dražen Anzulović (born May 7, 1967, in Zagreb, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professional basketball coach and a former professional basketball player.	Dražen Anzulović	basketball
sport	León Schorr (? -- ?) a Venezuelan chess master.	León Schorr	chess
sport	Matthias Bachinger (born 2 April 1987) is a professional tennis player from Germany who turned professional in 2005.	Matthias Bachinger	tennis
sport	Anderssen's Opening is a chess opening defined by the opening move: 1.	Anderssen's Opening	chess
sport	The NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), formerly known as Division I-A, is the top level of college football in the United States.	NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision	college football
sport	The NWA Mid-Atlantic Women's Championship is the National Wrestling Alliance's women's singles professional wrestling title.	NWA Mid-Atlantic Women's Championship	professional wrestling
sport	José Edison Mandarino (born March 26, 1941), is a Brazilian former right-handed tennis player.	José Edison Mandarino	tennis
sport	The Ottawa Senators (French: Sénateurs d'Ottawa) are a professional ice hockey team based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Senators	ice hockey
sport	Berthold Suhle (1 January 1837, Stolp, Province of Pomerania, now Poland -- 26 January 1904, Germany) was a German chess master.	Berthold Suhle	chess
sport	The 2007 ICC World Twenty20 was the inaugural Twenty20 cricket world championship, contested in South Africa from 11 to 24 September 2007.	2007 ICC World Twenty20	cricket
sport	Ausra Fridrikas (born 30 April 1967 in Lithuania) is an Austrian handball player and World champion from 1990.	Ausra Fridrikas	handball
sport	In association football, the Belgian Golden Shoe (Dutch: Gouden Schoen, French: Soulier d'Or) is an award given in Belgium at the beginning of each civil year to the best footballer of the Belgian First Division for the past year.	Belgian Golden Shoe	association football
sport	The USA Cycling Professional Tour is a professional road bicycle racing series organized by USA Cycling.	USA Cycling Professional Tour	road bicycle racing
sport	The Launceston Casino City Tigers is a defunct basketball team that competed in Australia's National Basketball League (NBL).	Launceston Casino City Tigers	basketball
sport	Major Louis Ezekiel Stoddard (January 25, 1878 - March 9, 1948) was an American 10-goal handicap polo player.	Louis Ezekiel Stoddard	polo
sport	The Dukes of Hamilton were a junior ice hockey team that represented Hamilton, Ontario in the Ontario Hockey League for two seasons from 1989 to 1991.	Dukes of Hamilton	ice hockey
sport	The Des Moines Oak Leafs were a minor league professional ice hockey team from Des Moines, Iowa, playing at Des Moines Ice Arena.	Des Moines Oak Leafs	ice hockey
sport	Mechâal Baladiat Béjaïa is a volleyball team in Algeria.	Mechâal Baladiat Béjaïa	volleyball
sport	Alan Love (born 6 July 1990) is a professional association football player who is currently without a club following his release from Hamilton Academical in the Scottish Premier League.	Alan Love	association football
sport	The 2014 Estonian Figure Skating Championships (Estonian: Eesti Meistrivõistlused 2014) were the Estonian Figure Skating Championships of the 2013-2014 figure skating season.	2014 Estonian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Vicky Vilagos (born April 17, 1963) is a Canadian competitor in synchronized swimming and an Olympic medalist.	Vicky Vilagos	synchronized swimming
sport	Ben Hansbrough (born December 23, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who is the younger brother of Tyler Hansbrough, the Naismith Player of the Year in 2007--08 and current player for the Charlotte Hornets.	Ben Hansbrough	basketball
sport	Pierre Barthès (born 13 September 1941) is a French retired professional tour tennis player.	Pierre Barthès	tennis
sport	Newport Titans RLFC are a rugby league side who are based in the city of Newport, South Wales.	Titans RLFC	rugby league
sport	The 2013 Moselle Open was a tennis tournament held in Metz, France and played on indoor hard courts.	2013 Moselle Open	tennis
sport	The Australia A Team Quadrangular Series in 2014 was a List A cricket tournament that was held in Australia between the teams Australia A, India A, South Africa A and National Performance Squad.	Australia A Team Quadrangular Series in 2014	cricket
sport	Paule Baudouin (born 25 October 1984) is a French handball player, playing for the German club SG BBM Bietigheim and for the French national team.	Paule Baudouin	handball
sport	Kendall James (born June 29, 1991) is an American football cornerback who plays for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).	Kendall James	American football
sport	The IFAF World Championship of American Football (also known as the IFAF World Cup) is an international American football competition held every four years and contested by teams representing member nations.	IFAF World Championship	American football
sport	Steve Graves (born April 7, 1964 in Trenton, Ontario and raised in Ottawa, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey left wing.	Steve Graves	ice hockey
sport	Morten Berglia (born 3 August 1958) is a Norwegian orienteering competitor, winner of the 1983 Individual World Orienteering Championships, and obtaining bronze medal in 1981.	Morten Berglia	orienteering
sport	Patricia Hy-Boulais (b. 22 August 1965) is a former tennis player.	Patricia Hy-Boulais	tennis
sport	Mia Audina Tjiptawan (Chinese: 張海麗; pinyin: Zhang Haili); born 22 August 1979) is a former Chinese Indonesian badminton player who represented Indonesia and later the Netherlands in international competitions.	Mia Audina	badminton
sport	Coen Zuidema (also Coenraad Zuidema, born 29 August 1942 in Surakarta, Indonesia) is a Dutch chess player.	Coen Zuidema	chess
sport	Ricardo Dalmau Santana (born August 27, 1977 in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico) is the youngest of three children of the legendary basketball player Raymond Dalmau.	Ricardo Dalmau	basketball
sport	The 1991 National Invitation Tournament was the 1991 edition of the annual NCAA college basketball competition.	1991 National Invitation Tournament	basketball
sport	ESV Kaufbeuren is a professional ice hockey team based in Kaufbeuren, Germany.	ESV Kaufbeuren	ice hockey
sport	Damian Browne (born 17 May 1980) is an Irish professional rugby union player.	Damian Browne	rugby union
sport	Don Candy (born 31 March 1929) is an Australian former tennis player who was mainly successful in doubles.	Don Candy	tennis
sport	South African Barbarians is an invitational rugby union club formed in 1960 by Frank Mellish, the former 1951-2 Springbok selector and manager together with former Natal chairman, Harry Stacey, styled along the lines of Barbarian F.C.	South African Barbarians	rugby union
sport	The Olympus Rally is an event in the motorsport of rallying.	Olympus Rally	motorsport
sport	Ding Ning (simplified Chinese: 丁宁; traditional Chinese: 丁寧; pinyin: Dīng Níng; born 20 June 1990) is a Chinese table tennis player.	Ding Ning	table tennis
sport	The Atlantic League of Professional Baseball is a professional, independent baseball organization located primarily in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States, especially the greater metropolitan areas of the Northeast megalopolis.	Atlantic League of Professional Baseball	baseball
sport	Raitis Ivanāns (born January 3, 1979) is a Latvian former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) and was known primarily as an enforcer.	Raitis Ivanāns	ice hockey
sport	Ryan Donahue (born March 17, 1988) is an American football punter who is currently a free agent.	Ryan Donahue	American football
sport	The Sherbrooke Canadiens were a professional ice hockey team in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	Sherbrooke Canadiens	ice hockey
sport	The Generali Deyna Cup is a two-day association football tournament that features four teams.	Generali Deyna Cup	association football
sport	Michelle Picard (born May 27, 1993) is an American ice hockey player and has represented the United States women's national ice hockey team at the 2011 4 Nations Cup.	Michelle Picard	ice hockey
sport	The Stanford Super Series were a series of Twenty20 cricket matches in 2008, sponsored by Allen Stanford.	Stanford Super Series	cricket
sport	The 2014 Michigan Wolverines football team, sometimes known as Team 135 in reference to the 135-year tradition of the Michigan football program, was an American football team that represented the University of Michigan during the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season.	2014 Michigan Wolverines football team	American football
sport	Melody Francis (born 17 October 1988), is a professional squash player who represents Australia.	Melody Francis	squash
sport	Lee Beachill (born 28 November 1977 in Huddersfield, United Kingdom) is a former World No. 1 squash player from England.	Lee Beachill	squash
sport	The Tour of Sweden (or Postgirot Open) was an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Sweden from 1982 to 2002.	Tour of Sweden	road bicycle racing
sport	The Rising Stars Challenge is an exhibition basketball game held by the National Basketball Association (NBA) on the Friday before the annual All-Star Game as part of the All-Star Weekend.	Rising Stars Challenge	basketball
sport	Jan Pytlick (born 5 June 1967) is a Danish handball coach.	Jan Pytlick	handball
sport	Mr. Olympia is the title awarded to the winner of the professional men's bodybuilding contest at Joe Weider's Olympia Fitness & Performance Weekend - an international bodybuilding competition that is held annually by the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness (IFBB).	Mr. Olympia	bodybuilding
sport	The Lancashire Spinners are a semi-professional British basketball club based in Bury, Greater Manchester, which currently operates two Men's senior teams in the English Basketball League, competing in Division One and the National Development League, and a Women's senior team in the English Women's Basketball League.	Lancashire Spinners	basketball
sport	The 2002 NBA All-Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 10, 2002 at the First Union Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, home of the Philadelphia 76ers.	2002 NBA All-Star Game	basketball
sport	Mohammad Taher Vadi (Persian: محمد طاهر وادی‎‎, born 10 October 1989 in Mashhad) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays as a setter for the Iranian national team.	Mohammad Taher Vadi	volleyball
sport	The 1991 UNCAF Nations Cup was the inaugural UNCAF Nations Cup, the Central American championship for men's national association football teams.	1991 UNCAF Nations Cup	association football
sport	Marcel Goc (/ˈɡɒtʃ/; born 24 August 1983) is a German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Adler Mannheim of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Marcel Goc	ice hockey
sport	Simas Buterlevičius (born April 18, 1989 in Vilnius, Lithuanian SSR) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, currently playing for BC Lietkabelis of the Lithuanian Basketball League.	Simas Buterlevičius	basketball
sport	Sheffield Forgers RLFC was a rugby league club in Sheffield, England.	Sheffield Forgers	rugby league
sport	Kichiji Tamasu was a table tennis player from Japan.	Kichiji Tamasu	table tennis
sport	HC Thurgau is a Swiss professional ice hockey club based in Weinfelden, Switzerland.	HC Thurgau	ice hockey
sport	The 2008 National League Championship Series (NLCS), the second round of the 2008 National League playoffs, was a best-of-seven baseball game series.	2008 National League Championship Series	baseball
sport	Saša Vasiljević (born March 23, 1979) is a professional basketball player representing Bosnia and Herzegovina internationally.	Saša Vasiljević	basketball
sport	Peter Leko (Hungarian: Lékó Péter; Serbian: Петер Леко); born September 8, 1979 in Subotica, Yugoslavia) is a Hungarian chess grandmaster.	Peter Leko	chess
sport	Clarence Glover (born November 1, 1947) is a retired American NBA basketball player, who played from 1971 to 1973.	Clarence Glover	basketball
sport	NBA Elite 11 is a mobile basketball video game released by Electronic Arts (EA) for iOS.	NBA Elite 11	basketball
sport	Patrick Lalime (born July 7, 1974) is a Canadian professional ice hockey broadcaster and former player.	Patrick Lalime	ice hockey
sport	Myroslav Turiansky (10 October 1912, Rudky, near Lviv -- 28 December 1998, Radekhiv, near Lviv) was a Ukrainian chess master.	Myroslav Turiansky	chess
sport	The 2008 Austrian Figure Skating Championships (German: Österreichischen Staatsmeisterschaften im Eiskunstlauf 2008) were the Austrian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007-2008 figure skating season.	2008 Austrian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Portland Winterhawks are an American major junior ice hockey team based in Portland, Oregon, playing in the Western Hockey League (WHL), one of three leagues making up the Canadian Hockey League (CHL).	Portland Winterhawks	ice hockey
sport	World Women's Wrestling (WWW or Triple W) was a New England based female independent professional wrestling promotion.	World Women's Wrestling	professional wrestling
sport	BK Ventspils is a professional basketball club that is located in Ventspils, Latvia.	BK Ventspils	basketball
sport	The 2013 IRB Tbilisi Cup was the inaugural edition of this international rugby union tournament, created by the International Rugby Board and was played from 7 to 16 June 2013 at the Avchala Stadium in Tbilisi.	2013 IRB Tbilisi Cup	rugby union
sport	The Las Vegas Thunder were an independent professional ice hockey team competing in the International Hockey League.	Las Vegas Thunder	ice hockey
sport	The 1993 Qatar Open, known as the Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was an ATP Tour men's tennis tournament held in Doha, Qatar from 4 January until 11 January 1993.	1993 Qatar Open	tennis
sport	The 1990 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Kiawah Island, South Carolina in the United States.	1990 U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships	tennis
sport	Dmitri Prudnikov (born 6 January 1988) is a Russian futsal player who is currently playing for Dina Moscow, and the Russian national futsal team.	Dmitri Prudnikov	futsal
sport	Mark Zengerle (born May 12, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey center, who is currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Mark Zengerle	ice hockey
sport	Carmen Marton (born 30 June 1986) is a taekwondo athlete from Australia.	Carmen Marton	taekwondo
sport	Tertius Losper (born 22 November 1985 in Windhoek) is a Namibian rugby union fullback.	Tertius Losper	rugby union
sport	The WGC-Bridgestone Invitational is a professional golf tournament, one of the annual World Golf Championships.	WGC-Bridgestone Invitational	golf
sport	Andrea Collinelli (born July 2, 1969) is an Italian former racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.	Andrea Collinelli	track cycling
sport	Jia Tong (Chinese: 贾童) is a Chinese athlete who competes in diving.	Jia Tong	diving
sport	Humberto Cota (born February 7, 1979 in San Luis Río Colorado, Mexico) is a Mexican professional baseball catcher for the Leones de Yucatán of the Mexican Baseball League.	Humberto Cota	baseball
sport	The International Champions Cup (ICC) is an annual club association football friendly exhibition competition.	International Champions Cup	association football
sport	The 2013 Tetra Pak Tennis Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts.	2013 Tetra Pak Tennis Cup	tennis
sport	The 2004 JPMorgan Chase Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Los Angeles, California in the United States that was part of the Tier II of the 2004 WTA Tour.	2004 JPMorgan Chase Open	tennis
sport	Yan Sen (阎森; born August 16, 1975) is a Chinese table tennis player.	Yan Sen	table tennis
sport	Markus Baur (born 22 January 1971) is a former German handball player now turned trainer.	Markus Baur	handball
sport	Cardenales Rugby Club, or simply Cardenales, is a rugby union and field hockey club from San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.	Cardenales Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The Brazil national under-20 football team, also known as Brazil Sub-20 or Seleção Sub-20, represents Brazil in association football at this age level and is controlled by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF).	Brazil national under-20 football team	association football
sport	Atom Trefl Sopot is a Polish women's volleyball team, based in Sopot, playing in the Orlen Liga.	Atom Trefl Sopot	volleyball
sport	The Korean Basketball League, often abbreviated to the KBL, is the pre-eminent professional men's basketball league in South Korea.	Korean Basketball League	basketball
sport	Chris Osentowski (born February 26, 1975 in Des Moines, Iowa) is an American rugby union prop.	Chris Osentowski	rugby union
sport	The NWA Pacific Northwest Television Championship was a professional wrestling championship sanctioned by the National Wrestling Alliance and defended in its member promotion Pacific Northwest Wrestling.	NWA Pacific Northwest Television Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 1998 Pilot Pen International was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Cullman-Heyman Tennis Center in New Haven, Connecticut in the United States that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Pilot Pen International	tennis	tennis	tennis
sport	Raimondas Šarūnas Marčiulionis ((ˈrɐ̂ˑɪ̯mɔndɐs ʂɐˈrûːnɐs mɐrʲt͡ʃʊˈlʲôːnʲɪs)) (born June 13, 1964) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player.	Šarūnas Marčiulionis	basketball
sport	The 1996 Eisenberg Israel Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Israel Tennis Centers at Ramat HaSharon in Israel and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour.	1996 Eisenberg Israel Open	tennis
sport	Karolína Plíšková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkaroliːna ˈpliːʃkovaː), born 21 March 1992) is a Czech tennis player.	Karolína Plíšková	tennis
sport	Vigdis Hårsaker (born July 16, 1981), is a Norwegian handball player, who currently plays club handball for Byåsen IL.	Vigdis Hårsaker	handball
sport	Industriales is a baseball team in the Cuban National Series.	Industriales	baseball
sport	Association Sportive Aixoise, also known as AS Aixoise or AS Aix, was a French association football club based in the city of Aix-en-Provence.	AS Aix	association football
sport	The 2011 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2011 college football season.	2011 Florida Gators football team	American football
sport	Björn Emmerling (born 16 November 1975 in Würzburg) is a field hockey player from Germany, who plays for Hanauer THC in his native country.	Björn Emmerling	field hockey
sport	To celebrate 10 years of professional rugby union, Australian Rugby celebrated the occasion with the announcement in 2005 of the Wallaby Team of the Decade.	Wallaby Team of the Decade	rugby union
sport	USA Table Tennis, colloquially known as USATT, is the non-profit governing body for table tennis in the United States and is responsible for cataloging and sanctioning tournaments within the United States.	USA Table Tennis	table tennis
sport	Joel González Bonilla (born September 30, 1989 in Figueres, Spain) is a taekwondo practitioner from Spain.	Joel González	taekwondo
sport	El Kabir Pene, born 18 December 1984 in Thiès, Senegal, is a Senegalese basketball player.	El Kabir Pene	basketball
sport	The 2014 BNP Paribas Katowice Open is a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	2014 BNP Paribas Katowice Open	tennis
sport	Sani Bečirovič (Serbo-Croatian: Bećirović, born 19 May 1981) is a Slovenian former professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Panathinaikos.	Sani Bečirovič	basketball
sport	Nogometni Klub Ljubljana (English: Ljubljana Football Club), commonly referred to as NK Ljubljana or simply Ljubljana, was a Slovenian association football club based in the capital city of Ljubljana.	NK Ljubljana	association football
sport	Frederik Van Lierde (born 25 May 1979) is a Belgian professional triathlete and 2013 Ironman triathlon world champion.	Frederik Van Lierde	triathlon
sport	The Mansfield Football Club is an Australian rules football club in the Goulburn Valley Football League, they are based in Mansfield, Victoria.	Mansfield Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Bahlinger SC is a German association football club from the Kaiserstuhl town Bahlingen, Baden-Württemberg.	Bahlinger SC	association football
sport	The Cyprus Basketball Federation (CBF) (Greek: Κυπριακή Ομοσπονδία Καλαθόσφαιρας (ΚΟΚ), Turkish: Kıbrıs Basketbol Federasyonu) is the governing body for basketball on the island of Cyprus and is a division of the Cyprus Sport Organisation (ΚΟΑ-Κυπριακός Οργανισμός Αθλητισμού).	Cyprus Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	Karim Abdul (born 3 July 1982) is a collegiate basketball player from Cameroon.	Karim Abdul	basketball
sport	Michael McCarron (born March 7, 1995) is an American ice hockey player.	Michael McCarron	ice hockey
sport	The 2014 WGC-Cadillac Championship was a golf tournament played March 6--9 on the TPC Blue Monster course at Trump National Doral in Doral, Florida, a suburb west of Miami.	2014 WGC-Cadillac Championship	golf
sport	Lymm RL are a rugby league side based in Lymm, Cheshire.	Lymm RL	rugby league
sport	The 1996 Five Nations Championship was the sixty-seventh series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship, and the first in the sport's professional era, which officially began in August 1995.	1996 Five Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	Chris Bright (born June 6, 1970) is a Canadian-born retired professional ice hockey player.	Chris Bright	ice hockey
sport	Pierre Russell (December 13, 1949 -- June 12, 1995) was a professional basketball player.	Pierre Russell	basketball
sport	The 1996 NHK Trophy was the eighteenth NHK Trophy competition held and part of the 1996--97 figure skating season.	1996 NHK Trophy	figure skating
sport	Yuki Ishikawa (石川友紀 Ishikawa Yuki, born 26 April 1997) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous.	Yuki Ishikawa	volleyball
sport	The 2013 ICC Champions Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in England and Wales between 6 and 23 June 2013.	2013 ICC Champions Trophy	cricket
sport	Penzance RFC formed in 1876, was a rugby union club based in Penzance, Cornwall, UK.	Penzance RFC	rugby union
sport	The 2006 ICC Champions Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in India from 7 October to 5 November 2006.	2006 ICC Champions Trophy	cricket
sport	The Battle of the Z Boys was a boxing fight between Mexicans Carlos Zarate and Alfonso Zamora, who were, respectively, the WBC and WBA World Bantamweight titleholders.	The Battle of the Z Boys	boxing
sport	The 1976 Denver WCT, also known as the 1976 United Bank Tennis Classic for sponsorship reasons, was a men's professional tennis tournament.	1976 Denver WCT	tennis
sport	Douglas da Silva (born 7 March 1984 in Florianópolis) is a Brazilian professional association football player who plays for Joinville as a central defender.	Douglas da Silva	association football
sport	The German Rugby Federation (German: Deutscher Rugby-Verband or DRV) is the governing body for rugby union in Germany.	German Rugby Federation	rugby union
sport	Kevin Rutland (born April 2, 1988) is an American football cornerback with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Kevin Rutland	American football
sport	The 1982 World Women's Curling Championship, the women's world curling championship, was held from March 16-21 at the Patinoire des Vernets in Geneva, Switzerland.	1982 World Women's Curling Championship	curling
sport	Alresford Cricket Club was one of the strongest cricket teams in England during the late 18th century.	Alresford Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Madden NFL 2005 is an American football video game that was released from August to November 2004.	Madden NFL 2005	American football
sport	The 1927 Klass I season was the fifth season of the Klass I, the top level of ice hockey in Sweden.	1927 Klass I season	ice hockey
sport	The Athletics Federation of Serbia (Serbian: Атлетски савез Србије; Atletski savez Srbije) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Serbia.	Athletics Federation of Serbia	sport of athletics
sport	GP Ciudad de Valladolid is a women's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in Valladolid, Spain.	GP Ciudad de Valladolid	road bicycle racing
sport	The IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship (Campeonato Intercontinental de Parejas IWRG in Spanish) is a professional wrestling tag team championship promoted by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) since 2000.	IWRG Intercontinental Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Konstantin Rachkov (Russian: Константин Рачков) (born 8 October 1978) is a Kazakh-born Russian rugby union footballer who plays as a fly-half.	Konstantin Rachkov	rugby union
sport	Casey Samuels is an Australian basketball player who currently plays for Sydney Uni Flames in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).	Casey Samuels	basketball
sport	F.C. Castiglione S.S.D. (formerly F.C. Sterilgarda Castiglione A.S.D.) is an Italian association football club, based in Castiglione delle Stiviere, Lombardy.	F.C. Castiglione	association football
sport	Alan O'Brien (born 20 February 1985) is an Irish association football player who is currently playing for Hungerford Town.	Alan O'Brien	association football
sport	Elie Mechantaf (in Arabic إيلي مشنتف born in Beirut, Lebanon on October 5, 1970) is a retired Lebanese international basketball player.	Elie Mechantaf	basketball
sport	Mark Pasman (Latvian: Marks Pasmans; March 16, 1932, Riga, Latvia - August 4, 2011) was a Latvian chess player who won the Latvian Chess Championship in 1951.	Mark Pasman	chess
sport	HK Poprad is a professional ice hockey team in the Slovak Extraliga, the top ice hockey league in Slovakia.	HK Poprad	ice hockey
sport	Wilston Grange Football Club is an Australian rules football club which competes in the Queensland Australian Football League.	Wilston Grange Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Espoon Honka was a basketball club based in Espoo, Finland and it played in Korisliiga.	Espoon Honka	basketball
sport	Jackson Richardson (born on June 14, 1969 in Saint-Pierre, Réunion) is a retired French handball player.	Jackson Richardson	handball
sport	George McPhee (born July 2, 1958) is a Canadian ice hockey executive.	George McPhee	ice hockey
spouse	Donna Rachele Mussolini (née Guidi 11 April 1890 -- 30 October 1979) was the wife of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini.	Rachele Mussolini	Benito Mussolini
spouse	Mary Pellatt, Lady Pellatt (née Dodgson; 1857--1924), was the first wife of Sir Henry Pellatt and served as the first Chief Commissioner of the Girl Guides of Canada.	Mary Pellatt	Henry Pellatt
spouse	Claudine de Brosse (1450--1513), was a Duchess Consort of Savoy; married in 1485 to Philip II, Duke of Savoy.	Claudine de Brosse	Philip II, Duke of Savoy
spouse	Mitzi McCall (born September 9, 1932) is an American actress married to actor Charlie Brill.	Mitzi McCall	Charlie Brill
spouse	Gil Bellows is married to American actress Rya Kihlstedt and has two children.	Gil Bellows	Rya Kihlstedt
taxon rank	Arabibarbus is a genus of Cyprinidae.	Arabibarbus	genus
taxon rank	Senegalia ataxacantha, commonly known as the Flame thorn, is an African tree species with conspicuous red pods and numerous hooked prickles.	Senegalia ataxacantha	species
taxon rank	Vanilla polylepis is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family found in Kenya, Uganda, Congo, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.	Vanilla polylepis	species
taxon rank	Atoposauridae is a family of crocodile-like archosaurs.	Atoposauridae	family
taxon rank	The single species composing the genus is Protarum sechellarum.	Protarum	species
taxon rank	Elephant seals are large, oceangoing earless seals in the genus Mirounga.	Elephant seal	genus
taxon rank	Phalium glaucum, common name the grey bonnet or glaucus bonnet, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails.	Phalium glaucum	species
taxon rank	Sepia filibrachia is a species of cuttlefish native to the South China Sea.	Sepia filibrachia	species
taxon rank	Sciota hostilis is a species of snout moth in the genus Sciota.	Sciota hostilis	species
taxon rank	The scarab beetle subfamily Scarabaeinae consists of species collectively called true dung beetles.	Scarabaeinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Glaphyropoma rodriguesi is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil.	Glaphyropoma rodriguesi	species
taxon rank	Melinis repens is a species of grass known by the common names rose Natal grass, or simply Natal grass, and Natal red top.	Melinis repens	species
taxon rank	Gnamptogenys coxalis is a species of ant of the subfamily Ectatomminae, which can be found from Borneo, Sri Lanka, India, and Nicobar Islands.	Gnamptogenys coxalis	species
taxon rank	Parabuccinum is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinulidae.	Parabuccinum	genus
taxon rank	Arum palaestinum is a species of flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the family Araceae, also known as Black Calla, Solomon's Lily, Priest's Hood, Kardi and Palestine Arum.	Arum palaestinum	species
taxon rank	Ribes colandina is a species of currant found only in Perú.	Ribes colandina	species
taxon rank	Agaricus lilaceps, also known as the cypress Agaricus or the giant cypress agaricus is a species of mushroom.	Agaricus lilaceps	species
taxon rank	Tylopilus piniphilus is a bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae found in Yunnan, China, where it grows under the conifer species Pinus yunnanensis and P. densata.	Tylopilus piniphilus	species
taxon rank	Zabrus apfelbecki is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zabrus apfelbecki	species
taxon rank	Jasminum mesnyi (primrose jasmine or Japanese jasmine) is a species of flowering plant in the family Oleaceae, native to Vietnam and southern China (Guizhou, Sichuan, Yunnan).	Jasminum mesnyi	species
taxon rank	Stanfieldiella is genus of flowering plants within the Commelinaceae family, first described in 1960.	Stanfieldiella	genus
taxon rank	Gilbertidia is a genus of fatheads native to the northern Pacific Ocean.	Gilbertidia	genus
taxon rank	The order Diplura is one of the four groups of hexapods, alongside insects, springtails and Protura.	Diplura	order
taxon rank	Conus marchionatus, common name the Marquesas cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus marchionatus	species
taxon rank	Cystopteris montana is a species of fern known by the common name mountain bladderfern.	Cystopteris montana	species
taxon rank	Bulimulus hoodensis is a species of land snail in the family Bulimulidae.	Bulimulus hoodensis	species
taxon rank	Kyrinion is an extinct genus of baphetid tetrapod from the Late Carboniferous of England.	Kyrinion	genus
taxon rank	Austrophyllolepis is an extinct genus of phyllolepid arthrodire placoderm from Middle to Late Devonian freshwater strata of Australia.	Austrophyllolepis	genus
taxon rank	Perca fluviatilis, commonly known as the European perch, perch, redfin perch or English perch, is a predatory species of perch found in Europe and northern Asia.	European perch	species
taxon rank	Acanthogobius is a genus of gobies native to marine, fresh and brackish waters of eastern Asia.	Acanthogobius	genus
taxon rank	Nebria aenea aenea is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Altai, Russia.	Nebria aenea aenea	subspecies
taxon rank	Dudleya virens, the Green liveforever or Bright green dudleya, is an uncommon species of perennial, succulent plant in the family Crassulaceae, native to several coastal southern California and Baja California locations.	Dudleya virens	species
taxon rank	Amphigerontia contaminata is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in England, and sometimes Ireland.	Amphigerontia contaminata	species
taxon rank	Tinognathus parviceps is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Tinognathus.	Tinognathus	species
taxon rank	Capnoides sempervirens is the only species in the genus Capnoides.	Capnoides	species
taxon rank	Cupressus forbesii, now reclassified by some as Hesperocyparis forbesii, and with the common names Tecate cypress or Forbes' cypress, is a species of cypress native to southwestern North America.	Cupressus forbesii	species
taxon rank	Syntrophobacter sulfatireducens is a species of bacteria notable for degrading propionate.	Syntrophobacter sulfatireducens	species
taxon rank	Agabus sturmii is a species of beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) and the Near East.	Agabus sturmii	species
taxon rank	Isopogon fletcheri is a rare shrub species that is endemic to the Blue Mountains in New South Wales, Australia.	Isopogon fletcheri	species
taxon rank	Xanthophryne koynayensis (common names: Humbali Village toad, chrome-yellow toad, Koyna toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Xanthophryne koynayensis	species
taxon rank	Sarcocapnos (Greek sárx ``flesh'', kapnós ``smoke'') is a genus of at least 6 species of somewhat fleshy, cushion-forming annual to perennial plants, native to cliffs in the French Pyrenees, Spain, and north Africa.	Sarcocapnos	genus
taxon rank	Rayella is a genus of parasitic protozoa of belonging to the phylum Apicomplexia.	Rayella	genus
taxon rank	Chasmatophyllum is a genus of succulent plants native to the Karoo mountains of South Africa.	Chasmatophyllum	genus
taxon rank	†Graecoanatolica macedonica is an extinct species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Graecoanatolica macedonica	species
taxon rank	Xanthoparmelia nana is a lichen species in the genus Xanthoparmelia found in Western Australia.	Xanthoparmelia nana	species
taxon rank	Trichocline is a genus of Australian and South American plants in the gerbera tribe within the daisy family.	Trichocline	genus
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera corpulenta is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Albania, Bulgaria, France, Italy, Romania, and in all states of former Yugoslavia.	Neocrepidodera corpulenta	species
taxon rank	Hemiscyllium galei (Cenderwasih epaulette shark) is a species of bamboo shark in the family Hemiscylliidae.	Hemiscyllium galei	species
taxon rank	Carex vernacula is a species of sedge known by the common name native sedge.	Carex vernacula	species
taxon rank	Cryolophosaurus (/ˌkraɪoʊˌloʊfoʊˈsɔːrəs/ or /kraɪˌɒloʊfoʊˈsɔːrəs/; ``CRY-oh-loaf-oh-SAWR-us'') is a genus of large theropods known from only a single species Cryolophosaurus ellioti, known from the early Jurassic period of Antarctica.	Cryolophosaurus	species
taxon rank	Nelson's milksnake (Lampropeltis triangulum nelsoni) is a subspecies of king snake that is found in Mexico from southern Guanajuato and central Jalisco to the Pacific Coast.	Nelson's milksnake	subspecies
taxon rank	Deroplatys moultoni is a species of praying mantis in the genus Deroplatys in the order Mantodea.	Deroplatys moultoni	species
taxon rank	Labyrinthus chiriquensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Labyrinthus.	Labyrinthus chiriquensis	species
taxon rank	Ktenoura is a genus of trilobite from the Silurian of Europe.	Ktenoura	genus
taxon rank	Pseudaelurus stouti (originally described as Lynx stouti) also from the Early and Late Barstovian was a very small and slender form of the genus.	Pseudaelurus	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon eatonii is a species of penstemon known by the common name firecracker penstemon.	Penstemon eatonii	species
taxon rank	Polystichum lonchitis is a species of fern known by the common name northern hollyfern, or simply holly-fern.	Polystichum lonchitis	species
taxon rank	Morcocytius is a genus of hawkmoths containing only one species, Morcocytius mortuorum, which is known from Brazil, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia.	Morcocytius	genus
taxon rank	Tripneustes ventricosus, commonly called the West Indian sea egg or white sea urchin, is a species of sea urchin.	Tripneustes ventricosus	species
taxon rank	Epityches is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by d'Almeida in 1938.	Epityches	genus
taxon rank	Cephalotes fossithorax is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes, characterized by an odd shaped head and the ability to ``parachute'' by steering during a fall.	Cephalotes fossithorax	species
taxon rank	Penicillium rubefaciens is a species of the genus of Penicillium which has been isolated from sandy soil.	Penicillium rubefaciens	species
taxon rank	The chachalacas, guans and curassows are birds in the family Cracidae.	Cracidae	family
taxon rank	Parmops is a genus of flashlight fishes found in the deep waters of the central Pacific Ocean.	Parmops	genus
taxon rank	Boucardicus carylae is a species of land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Cyclophoridae.	Boucardicus carylae	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea cirrhata is a species of orchid endemic to Central America (Costa Rica, Honduras, Nicaragua and Panama).	Stanhopea cirrhata	species
taxon rank	Anoplosaurus (meaning ``unarmored or unarmed lizard'') is an extinct genus of herbivorous nodosaurid dinosaur, from the late Albian-age Lower Cretaceous Cambridge Greensand of Cambridgeshire, England.	Anoplosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Nebria piperi is a species of beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Canada and the US state of Washington.	Nebria piperi	species
taxon rank	Rhinoraja, the jointnose skates, is a genus of skates in the family Rajidae.	Rhinoraja	genus
taxon rank	Ornithosuchidae is an extinct family of reptiles from the Triassic period that were distantly related to crocodilians.	Ornithosuchidae	family
taxon rank	Tyson belos (Tyson's wriggler or arrow wriggler) is a species of fish in the monotypic genus Tyson of the Xenisthmidae (wriggler) family.	Tyson belos	species
taxon rank	Ephippidae is a family containing the spadefishes, with about eight genera and a total of 20 marine species.	Ephippidae	family
taxon rank	Atrophaneura zaleucus is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in Burma.	Atrophaneura zaleucus	species
taxon rank	Cryptocellus is an arachnid genus in the order Ricinulei.	Cryptocellus	genus
taxon rank	The Diaphanopterodea or Paramegasecoptera are an extinct order of moderate to large-sized Palaeozoic insects.	Diaphanopterodea	order
taxon rank	Acropora jacquelineae is a species of acroporid coral found in the eastern Indian Ocean and the central and western Pacific Ocean.	Acropora jacquelineae	species
taxon rank	Callulina dawida, also known as Taita warty frog, is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family.	Callulina dawida	species
taxon rank	Anotopterus vorax or south ocean daggertooth is a species of daggertooth.	Anotopterus vorax	species
taxon rank	Euprymna hoylei is a species of bobtail squid native to the tropical waters of the Indo-Pacific, specifically the western Pacific Ocean and northwestern Australia.	Euprymna hoylei	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces cheonanensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from radish growing soil in Cheonan in Korea.	Streptomyces cheonanensis	species
taxon rank	Australopithecus sediba is a species of Australopithecus of the early Pleistocene, identified based on fossil remains dated to about 2 million years ago.	Australopithecus sediba	species
taxon rank	Cantharolethrus luxerii is a species of stag beetle.	Cantharolethrus luxeri	species
taxon rank	Notoraja is a genus of skates in the family Rajidae, with these currently recognized species:	Notoraja	genus
taxon rank	Porites is a genus of stony coral; they are SPS (Small Polyp Stony) corals.	Porites	genus
taxon rank	Moehringia macrophylla is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name largeleaf sandwort.	Moehringia macrophylla	species
taxon rank	The Vegas Valley leopard frog (Rana fisheri) is a species of frog previously declared extinct.	Vegas Valley leopard frog	species
taxon rank	Ganoderma brownii is a species of polypore fungus in the Ganodermataceae family.	Ganoderma brownii	species
taxon rank	Gourmya gourmyi, common name the Gourmya Cerith, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.	Gourmya gourmyi	species
taxon rank	Xyris tennesseensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Xyridaceae known by the common name Tennessee yellow-eyed grass.	Xyris tennesseensis	species
taxon rank	Laudonia is an extinct genus of trilobites that lived during the early part of the Botomian stage, which lasted from approximately 524 to 518.5 million years ago.	Laudonia	genus
taxon rank	Platylestes praemorsus is a damselfly species in the family Lestidae.	Platylestes praemorsus	species
taxon rank	Macrurocyttus acanthopodus, the dwarf dory, is a species of tinselfish native to the western Pacific Ocean where it has been found in the waters around the Philippines and Australia at a depth of around 878 metres (2,881 ft).	Macrurocyttus acanthopodus	species
taxon rank	Tieghemella africana is a tree species of the genus Tieghemella in the plant family of the Sapotaceae.	Tieghemella africana	species
taxon rank	Athous curtus is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family which is endemic to Western Caucasus.	Athous curtus	species
taxon rank	Platycnemis acutipennis, known as the Orange Featherleg or the Orange White-legged Damselfly, is a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae.	Platycnemis acutipennis	species
taxon rank	Gymnodactylus is a genus of Brazilian geckos, commonly known as naked-toed geckos.	Gymnodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Pavoclinus laurentii, the Rippled klipfish, is a species of clinid found from Inhambane, Mozambique to Port Alfred, South Africa where it prefers weed-grown tide pools.	Pavoclinus laurentii	species
taxon rank	The American woodcock (Scolopax minor), sometimes colloquially referred to as the timberdoodle, is a small chunky shorebird species found primarily in the eastern half of North America.	American woodcock	species
taxon rank	Agathis zamunerae is an extinct species of tree in the genus Agathis from early and middle Eocene rainforest paleofloras of Patagonia, Argentina around 52.2 million years ego.	Agathis zamunerae	species
taxon rank	Gymnocephalus is a genus of perches native to Western Eurasia.	Gymnocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Spermatodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric coelacanth, or lobe-finned fish.	Spermatodus	genus
taxon rank	Ancalomicrobium adetum is a bacteria from the family of Hyphomicrobiaceae and the only species in the genus Ancalomicrobium.	Ancalomicrobium adetum	species
taxon rank	Stenodactylus doriae, commonly known as the Middle Eastern short-fingered gecko or Doria's comb-fingered gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.	Stenodactylus doriae	species
taxon rank	Krigia wrightii, known as Wright's dwarfdandelion, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family .	Krigia wrightii	species
taxon rank	Cuapetes is a genus of shrimp in the family Palaemonidae, comprising the following species:	Cuapetes	genus
taxon rank	Padilla javana is the only species of jumping spider in the genus Padilla which occurs on Java, with most others found in Madagascar, and one in China.	Padilla javana	species
taxon rank	Tegula pfeifferi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.Tegula pfeifferi is more commonly known as ``Pfeiffer's Top Shell''.	Tegula pfeifferi	species
taxon rank	Nuphar advena (spatterdock or cow lily or yellow pond-lily) is a species of Nuphar native throughout the eastern United States and at least some parts of Canada, such as Nova Scotia.	Nuphar advena	species
taxon rank	Spathoptera albilatera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spathoptera.	Spathoptera albilatera	species
taxon rank	Schizopygopsis is a genus of cyprinid fish found in rivers of Asia.	Schizopygopsis	genus
taxon rank	Calopteryx angustipennis is a species of damselfly in the family Calopterygidae known commonly as the Appalachian jewelwing.	Calopteryx angustipennis	species
taxon rank	Furcina is a small genus of sculpins native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean from around Japan and the Republic of Korea.	Furcina	genus
taxon rank	Florideophyceae, demoted to subclass Florideae in some classification systems, is a class of red algae.	Florideae	class
taxon rank	Phlyctenanthus australis, common names red anemone and southern anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.	Phlyctenanthus australis	species
taxon rank	Macrosiphoniella yomogifoliae is an aphid species.	Macrosiphoniella yomogifoliae	species
taxon rank	Limnonectes poilani is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family from eastern Cambodia and southern Vietnam.	Limnonectes poilani	species
taxon rank	Cacozelia neotropica is a species of snout moth in the genus Cacozelia.	Cacozelia neotropica	species
taxon rank	Philodryas is a genus of colubrid snakes endemic to South America, commonly called green snakes.	Philodryas	genus
taxon rank	Syringophilidae is a family of mites, containing the following genera:	Syringophilidae	family
taxon rank	Altiphrynoides is a genus of toads, commonly referred to as Ethiopian toads.	Altiphrynoides	genus
taxon rank	The upright snottygobble (Persoonia longifolia), also known as the long-leaf persoonia or just snottygobble, is a species of tall shrub or small tree in the plant genus Persoonia, reaching 1 to 5 metres (3--17 ft) in height.	Persoonia longifolia	species
taxon rank	Apodachlya is a genus of water mold within the order Leptomitales.	Apodachlya	genus
taxon rank	Xyris platylepis, the tall yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plants in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris platylepis	species
taxon rank	Cancrocaeca xenomorpha is a species of troglobitic (cave-dwelling) freshwater crab from Sulawesi, the only species in the monotypic genus Cancrocaeca.	Cancrocaeca	genus
taxon rank	Anthemis is a genus of aromatic flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, closely related to Chamaemelum, and like that genus, known by the common name chamomile; some species are also called dog-fennel or mayweed.	Anthemis	genus
taxon rank	Conus clarus, common name the glossy cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus clarus	species
taxon rank	Telmatobius espadai, also known as the Inquisivi water frog, is a species of frog in the Telmatobiidae family, one of fourteen species of Telmatobius water frogs endemic to Bolivia.	Telmatobius espadai	species
taxon rank	Almadasuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph known from the early Late Jurassic (early Oxfordian stage) Puesto Almada Member of the Cañadón Asfalto Formation of Patagonia, Argentina.	Almadasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Helianthus laevigatus is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name smooth sunflower.	Helianthus laevigatus	species
taxon rank	Crocus graveolens is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, found from south Turkey to Northern Israel.	Crocus graveolens	species
taxon rank	Conus consors, common name the singed cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus consors	species
taxon rank	Brachylaima is a genus of trematode helminth that, it has recently been discovered, can infect the gastrointestinal tract of human beings.	Brachylaima	genus
taxon rank	Gyalecta is a genus of fungi within the Gyalectaceae family.	Gyalecta	genus
taxon rank	Lilium formosanum, also known as the Formosa lily or Taiwanese lily (simplified Chinese: 台湾百合; traditional Chinese: 台灣百合; pinyin: Táiwān bǎihé), is a plant species in the lily family, endemic to Taiwan.	Lilium formosanum	species
taxon rank	Palacanthilhiopsis is a genus of very small or minute freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Moitessieriidae.	Palacanthilhiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Geranosaurus (meaning ``sloth reptile'') is a genus of ornithischian dinosaur from the Early Jurassic.	Geranosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Kikiki is a genus of fairyfly wasps containing a single species, Kikiki huna, known from Hawaii, Costa Rica, and Trinidad.	Kikiki	genus
taxon rank	Aphelocephala is a genus of bird in the thornbill family Acanthizidae.	Aphelocephala	genus
taxon rank	Hippuris, the Mare's tail, was previously the sole genus in the family Hippuridaceae.	Hippuris	genus
taxon rank	Panulirus homarus is a species of spiny lobster that lives along the coasts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Panulirus homarus	species
taxon rank	Euprymna penares is a species of bobtail squid native to waters of the Indo-Pacific; its exact distribution is unknown.	Euprymna penares	species
taxon rank	Coccinella is the most familiar genus of ladybird (or, in North America, ladybug).	Coccinella	genus
taxon rank	Eomys is an extinct genus of eomyid rodent from the late Oligocene of France, Germany, Spain, and possibly Turkey.	Eomys	genus
taxon rank	Scabiosa ochroleuca, commonly called cream pincushions or cream scabious, is a species of scabious with creamy yellow flower heads.	Scabiosa ochroleuca	species
taxon rank	Castanea sativa, or sweet chestnut, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fagaceae, native to Europe and Asia Minor, and widely cultivated throughout the temperate world.	Castanea sativa	species
taxon rank	Diplodus cervinus, commonly known as the zebra seabream, is a species of seabream belonging to the family Sparidae.	Diplodus cervinus	species
taxon rank	Puck pinnata is a species of dreamer known only from the northwest Pacific Ocean.	Puck pinnata	species
taxon rank	Argonectes is a genus of halftooths from tropical South America.	Argonectes	genus
taxon rank	Acapnolymma sulcaticeps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Acapnolymma.	Acapnolymma sulcaticeps	species
taxon rank	Peachia cylindrica is a large species of sea anemone in the family Haloclavidae.	Peachia cylindrica	species
taxon rank	Calycadenia fremontii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Frémont's western rosinweed (after John C. Frémont).	Calycadenia fremontii	species
taxon rank	Arophyteae is a tribe in the Araceae family.	Arophyteae	tribe
taxon rank	Physalia is a genus of the order Siphonophora, colonies of four specialized polyps and medusoids that drift on the surface of the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific oceans.	Physalia	genus
taxon rank	Leontodon taraxacoides is a species of hawkbit known by the common name lesser hawkbit, rough hawkbit, or hairy hawkbit.	Leontodon taraxacoides	species
taxon rank	Meum athamanticum is a glabrous,highly aromatic (aroma compound), perennial plant - the only species (monotypic) in the genus Meum, belonging to the family Apiaceae.Common names in the U.K. include Baldmoney,Spignel,(also Spiknel and Spikenel) and Meu.	Meum athamanticum	species
taxon rank	Carex multicostata is a species of sedge known by the common name manyrib sedge.	Carex multicostata	species
taxon rank	Onchidorididae are a taxonomic family of sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Onchidoridoidea.	Onchidorididae	family
taxon rank	The Irapeao's Cypripedium or Pelican Orchid (Cypripedium irapeanum) is a species of orchid.	Cypripedium irapeanum	species
taxon rank	Camarophyllopsis is a genus of 26 species of fungi with a widespread distribution, especially in northern temperate areas.	Camarophyllopsis	genus
taxon rank	Euphorbia decaryi is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family endemic to Madagascar.	Euphorbia decaryi	species
taxon rank	The Flores green pigeon (Treron floris) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Flores green pigeon	species
taxon rank	Tagiades menaka, commonly known as the Spotted Snow Flat or the Dark-Edged Snow Flat, is a species of spread-winged skipper butterflies.	Tagiades menaka	species
taxon rank	Kiisortoqia soperi is a species of arthropod from the Early Cambrian Sirius Passet Lagerstätte in Greenland.	Kiisortoqia	species
taxon rank	Hepatus epheliticus, known by various names, including the calico crab (not to be confused with Ovalipes ocellatus) and Dolly Varden crab, is a species of crab.	Hepatus epheliticus	species
taxon rank	Tramea basilaris, also known as the keyhole glider or wheeling glider, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Tramea basilaris	species
taxon rank	The Seminole siltsnail or Seminole spring snail, scientific name Floridobia vanhyningi, is a species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Seminole siltsnail	species
taxon rank	Onchidoridoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs.	Onchidoridoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Crataegus marshallii is a species of hawthorn known by the common name parsley haw.	Crataegus marshallii	species
taxon rank	Mammillaria duwei is a species of flowering plant in the cactus family.	Mammillaria duwei	species
taxon rank	Dasycottus setiger, the Spinyhead Sculpin, is a species of fathead native to the northern Pacific Ocean.	Dasycottus setiger	species
taxon rank	Cirrhopetalum maculosum is an orchid species in the genus Cirrhopetalum.	Cirrhopetalum maculosum	species
taxon rank	Palaeobenthesicymus is an extinct genus of prawns which existed in what is now Lebanon in the Late Santonian.	Palaeobenthesicymus	genus
taxon rank	Indomyrma is an Asian genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Indomyrma	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus ripleyi is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Ripley's milkvetch.	Astragalus ripleyi	species
taxon rank	Tachysphex pechumani is a species of wasp in the family Crabronidae.	Tachysphex pechumani	species
taxon rank	Lasius brunneus is a species of ant in the genus Lasius.	Lasius brunneus	species
taxon rank	Liaochelys is an extinct genus of macrobaenid turtle which existed in western Liaoning, China during the early Cretaceous epoch.	Liaochelys	genus
taxon rank	Aluta is a genus of small shrubs in the family Myrtaceae.	Aluta	genus
taxon rank	Ionopsis (violet orchid) is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Ionopsis	genus
taxon rank	Iva axillaris, called povertyweed or death weed, is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Iva axillaris	species
taxon rank	Gasteracantha sturi, commonly known as the blunt-spined kite spider is a species of spider belonging to the family Araneidae.	Gasteracantha sturi	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena alba, also known as the red worm lizard or less commonly as the white or white-bellied worm lizard, is a species of amphisbaenian in the reptilian order Squamata.	Amphisbaena alba	species
taxon rank	Scoliopus bigelovii is a species of flowering plant in the lily family known by several common names, including California fetid adderstongue, Bigelow's adderstongue, slinkpod, and brownies.	Scoliopus bigelovii	species
taxon rank	Guibourtia conjugata is a species of small to medium sized trees from Fabaceae family that can be found in Mozambique, Zambia and Zimbabwe.	Guibourtia conjugata	species
taxon rank	Hexinlusaurus is a genus of basal ornithischian dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic of China.	Hexinlusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Inermocoelotes microlepidus is a funnel-web spider species found in Italy, Bulgaria and Macedonia.	Inermocoelotes microlepidus	species
taxon rank	Oecomys trinitatis, also known as the long-furred oecomys, long-furred rice rat, Trinidad arboreal rice rat, or big arboreal rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae.	Oecomys trinitatis	species
taxon rank	Didymodon mamillosus, commonly known as Perthshire beardmoss, is a species of moss endemic to Europe.	Didymodon mamillosus	species
taxon rank	Sturisoma monopelte is a species of armored catfish endemic to Guyana where it occurs in the Rupununi River basin.	Sturisoma monopelte	species
taxon rank	Chaetobranchopsis is a small genus of cichlid fishes from South America, where they are found in the Amazon, Paraná and Paraguay river basins.	Chaetobranchopsis	genus
taxon rank	Pleioptygma is a genus of large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Muricoidea.	Pleioptygma	genus
taxon rank	Castilleja praeterita is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Salmon Creek Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja praeterita	species
taxon rank	Erosaria citrina, common name the orange cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria citrina	species
taxon rank	Agnorhiza elata (syn. Wyethia elata) is a species of flowering plants known by the common name Hall's mule's ears.	Agnorhiza elata	species
taxon rank	Pantherodes colubraria, common name blotched leopard, is a species of moth in the family Geometridae.	Pantherodes colubraria	species
taxon rank	Palpares libelluloides is a species of antlion in the genus Palpares belonging to the Myrmeleonidae family.	Palpares libelluloides	species
taxon rank	Psilophytites is a form genus of extinct plants; it was created by Høeg for spiny stems (axes) which cannot be assigned to a more precise genus or species, usually because spore-forming organs or sporangia are not present.	Psilophytites	genus
taxon rank	Entoloma austroprunicolor is a species of agaric fungus in the family Entolomataceae.	Entoloma austroprunicolor	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron annae (桃叶杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to central and western Guizhou and western Yunnan, China, where it grows at altitudes of 1200--3000 meters.	Rhododendron annae	species
taxon rank	Stellatospora is a genus of fungi within the Sordariaceae family.	Stellatospora	genus
taxon rank	Perilampsis decellei is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Perilampsis of the family Tephritidae.	Perilampsis decellei	species
taxon rank	The Sangha forest robin (Stiphrornis erythrothorax sanghensis) is a subspecies of the forest robin that is endemic to south-western Central African Republic, but may also occur in adjacent parts of DR Congo, Cameroon and Republic of the Congo.	Sangha forest robin	subspecies
taxon rank	Lythrypnus is a genus of gobies native to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the Americas including Cocos Island and the Galapagos Islands.	Lythrypnus	genus
taxon rank	Calamospondylus (meaning ``quill vertebrae'') was a theropod dinosaur genus.	Calamospondylus	genus
taxon rank	Echeveria elegans (Mexican snow ball, Mexican gem, white Mexican rose) is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family, native to semi-desert habitats in Mexico.	Echeveria elegans	species
taxon rank	Rhytida patula is a species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Rhytida patula	species
taxon rank	Conus vidua, common name the vidua cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus vidua	species
taxon rank	Allocota viridipennis is a species of either brownish-green or reddish-blue coloured ground beetle in the Lebiinae subfamily that can be found in such Indonesian islands as Borneo, Java and Sumatra.	Allocota viridipennis	species
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis pictilis also known as the Ataran zipper loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis pictilis	species
taxon rank	Bromus pubescens, common name hairy woodland brome or hairy wood chess, is a grass species found across much of the eastern and central United States, as well as in Arizona, Québec and Ontario.	Bromus pubescens	species
taxon rank	Diospyros attenuata is a species of tree in the ebony family, Ebenaceae.	Diospyros attenuata	species
taxon rank	Turturoena, commonly called bronze-naped pigeon, is a pigeon subgenus comprising three species: the eastern bronze-naped pigeon, the western bronze-naped pigeon, and the São Tomé bronze-naped pigeon.	Turturoena	subgenus
taxon rank	Componocancer roberti is an unusual species of fossil crab described in 2008.	Componocancer	species
taxon rank	Pimenta pseudocaryophyllus, popularly known as cataia, craveiro or louro-cravo, is a species from the Myrtaceae family largely distributed in pantropical and subtropical regions ( Paula et al., 2012).	Pimenta pseudocaryophyllus	species
taxon rank	Laminacauda plagiata is a species of sheet weaver found in Argentina, Chile and the Falkland Islands.	Laminacauda plagiata	species
taxon rank	Trochus radiatus, common name the radiate top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Trochus radiatus	species
taxon rank	Aculus is a genus of mites, including the following species:	Aculus	genus
taxon rank	Yixianornis (meaning ``Yixian Formation bird'') is a bird genus from the early Cretaceous period.	Yixianornis	genus
taxon rank	Crotalarieae is a tribe of flowering plants belonging to the bean family Fabaceae.	Crotalarieae	tribe
taxon rank	Bunocephalus coracoideus, the guitarrito, is a species of banjo catfish found in the Amazon River basin.	Bunocephalus coracoideus	species
taxon rank	The Christmas thrush (Turdus poliocephalus erythropleurus ), ia a subspecies of the island thrush (Turdus poliocephalus).	Christmas thrush	subspecies
taxon rank	Plagiantha is a genus of Brazilian plants in the grass family.	Plagiantha	genus
taxon rank	Aleurodicus rugioperculatus (known variously as the rugose spiraling whitefly, the gumbo limbo spiraling whitefly or just the spiraling whitefly) is a species of whitefly found throughout the Florida Keys.	Aleurodicus rugioperculatus	species
taxon rank	Keckiella is a genus of plants in the plantain family.	Keckiella	genus
taxon rank	Ophiodermatidae are a family of brittle stars in the suborder Ophiurina.	Ophiodermatidae	family
taxon rank	Trithemis pluvialis, the river dropwing, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Trithemis pluvialis	species
taxon rank	Leptoglanis xenognathus is a species of loach catfish found in the Congo River Basin in the countries of the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Leptoglanis xenognathus	species
taxon rank	Locha hyalina is a moth species in the family Geometridae from Central and parts of Southern America.	Locha hyalina	species
taxon rank	Floscopa is a genus of plant in family Commelinaceae first described in 1790.	Floscopa	genus
taxon rank	Acmaeops pratensis is a species of the Lepturinae subfamily in the long-horned beetle family.	Acmaeops pratensis	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis nubilus, the Blue Victoria Mouthbrooder, is a species of cichlid found in several lakes and stream in eastern and central Africa.	Haplochromis nubilus	species
taxon rank	Rubus spectabilis (salmonberry) is a species of brambles in the rose family, native to the west coast of North America from west central Alaska to California, inland as far as Idaho.	Rubus spectabilis	species
taxon rank	The order Ricinulei is a group of arachnids known as hooded tickspiders, though they are not true spiders.	Ricinulei	order
taxon rank	Brasiliorchis gracilis (syn. Maxillaria gracilis) is a species of orchid (family Orchidaceae) native to eastern and southern Brazil.	Brasiliorchis gracilis	species
taxon rank	Paracetopsis is a genus of whale catfishes found in tropical South America.	Paracetopsis	genus
taxon rank	Ophiociliomyces is a genus of fungi within the Meliolaceae family.	Ophiociliomyces	genus
taxon rank	Plantago maritima (common names sea plantain, seaside plantain, goose tongue) is a species of Plantago, family Plantaginaceae.	Plantago maritima	species
taxon rank	Spirometra is a genus of Pseudophyllid cestode that reproduces in canines and felines but which can cause pathology in humans.	Spirometra	genus
taxon rank	Marcgravia evenia is a species of flowering vine in the family Marcgraviaceae.	Marcgravia evenia	species
taxon rank	Araneus mitificus, commonly known as the kidney garden spider or pale orb weaver, is a species of orb-weaver spider found in South, East, and Southeast Asia.	Araneus mitificus	species
taxon rank	Comandra is a monotypic genus containing the single species Comandra umbellata.	Comandra	genus
taxon rank	Clostridium is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria, which includes several significant human pathogens, most notably the causative agent of botulism.	Clostridium	genus
taxon rank	Laidleria is an extinct genus of unusual armored temnospondyl from Early Triassic of South Africa.	Laidleria	genus
taxon rank	Paraptenodytes brodkorbi is a proposed, but possibly invalid, species of extinct penguin.	Paraptenodytes brodkorbi	species
taxon rank	Festuca frederikseniae is a species of grass native to Greenland, Newfoundland, Labrador, and to a few islands in eastern Québec (Mingan Archipelago and Anticosti Island).	Festuca frederikseniae	species
taxon rank	Azorella macquariensis, also known as Macquarie Azorella or Macquarie Cushions, is a species of cushion plant endemic to Australia's subantarctic Macquarie Island.	Azorella macquariensis	species
taxon rank	Dianchungosaurus is an extinct genus of mesoeucrocodylian crocodylomorph from the Early Jurassic of China.	Dianchungosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Semisulcospira libertina is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Semisulcospiridae.	Semisulcospira libertina	species
taxon rank	Brachytarsomys is a genus of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Brachytarsomys	genus
taxon rank	Metallonupserha metallescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Metallonupserha.	Metallonupserha metallescens	species
taxon rank	Balanerpeton is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Visean stage of the Early Carboniferous period.	Balanerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Oxyloma elegans is a species of small European land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk belonging to the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Oxyloma elegans	species
taxon rank	In 1898, Nocard and Roux were the first to isolate a mycoplasma species in culture from bovine, however it wasn't until 1944 when Mycoplasma pneumoniae, known then as Eaton agent or Eaton's agent, was isolated and described from a patient with primary atypical pneumonia.	Mycoplasma pneumoniae	species
taxon rank	Oxyopsis is a genus consisting of 11 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae.	Oxyopsis	genus
taxon rank	Hydrellia geniculata is a species of fly in the family Ephydridae.	Hydrellia geniculata	species
taxon rank	Acnodon is a genus of serrasalmids found in South America, with three recognized species:	Acnodon	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces cyaneofuscatus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Daghestan in Russia.	Streptomyces cyaneofuscatus	species
taxon rank	Celtedens is an extinct genus of albanerpetontid amphibian from the Late Cretaceous of Spain, Early Cretaceous of England, and the Late Jurassic of Portugal.	Celtedens	genus
taxon rank	Raillardella scaposa is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name stem raillardella.	Raillardella scaposa	species
taxon rank	Epithelantha (button cactus) is a genus of cactus that is native to northeastern Mexico, and in an area from western Texas to Arizona.	Epithelantha	genus
taxon rank	Ptychomitrium is a widespread genus of mosses found in many parts of the world.	Ptychomitrium	genus
taxon rank	Solmissus is a genus of jellyfish, the dinner plate jellies.	Solmissus	genus
taxon rank	The Menthidae are a small family of pseudoscorpions that are nevertheless spread around the world.	Menthidae	family
taxon rank	Eucomis pallidiflora (giant pineapple lily) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to South Africa.	Eucomis pallidiflora	species
taxon rank	Enyalioides binzayedi is a species of lizard in the genus Enyalioides known from only one location in the Cordillera Azul National Park in Peru.	Enyalioides binzayedi	species
taxon rank	Pseudeutropius is a genus of the family Horabagridae native to Asia.	Pseudeutropius	genus
taxon rank	Murdannia dimorphoides is a plant species endemic to Sri Lanka, known from only one location inside Wilpattu National Park.	Murdannia dimorphoides	species
taxon rank	Tragostomoides pretiosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tragostomoides.	Tragostomoides pretiosus	species
taxon rank	Nitrospira is a genus of bacteria in the phylum Nitrospirae.	Nitrospira	genus
taxon rank	Westringia is a genus of Australian shrubs.	Westringia	genus
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis pallida is a species of praying mantis found in Cameroon and Nigeria.	Amorphoscelis pallida	species
taxon rank	Anetia pantheratus is a species of butterfly in the Danaidae family.	Anetia pantheratus	species
taxon rank	Nisaetus is a genus of eagles found mainly in tropical Asia.	Nisaetus	genus
taxon rank	Calcancora is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Poland during the Triassic period, Germany during the upper Jurassic period, France, Brazil, and the United States during the Paleogene period, and Austria during the Tortonian period.	Calcancora	genus
taxon rank	Eubranchus exiguus is a species of small sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae.	Eubranchus exiguus	species
taxon rank	Pyrolirion, commonly known as fire lilies or flame lilies, is a small genus of herbaceous, bulb-forming South American plants in the Amaryllis family, native to Chile, Peru, and Bolivia.	Pyrolirion	genus
taxon rank	Paraschistura lepidocaulis is a species of stone loach that is endemic to Pakistan.	Paraschistura lepidocaulis	species
taxon rank	Pseudostellaria oxyphylla, the robust starwort or Robinson's starwort, is a rare plant species endemic to Idaho, known only from Kootenai and Shoshone Counties.	Pseudostellaria oxyphylla	species
taxon rank	Condylactis gigantea is a tropical species of ball anemone that is found in shallow reefs and other shallow inshore areas in the Caribbean Sea -- more specifically the West Indies -- and the western Atlantic Ocean including southern Florida through the Florida Keys.	Condylactis gigantea	species
taxon rank	Penicillium sphaerum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from wood in Panama.	Penicillium sphaerum	species
taxon rank	Galium tunetanum, the Tunisian Bedstraw, is a species of plants in the Rubiaceae.	Galium tunetanum	species
taxon rank	Myctophum affine, the Metallic lanternfish, is a species of lanternfish native to the Atlantic Ocean.	Myctophum affine	species
taxon rank	Heliaea mirabilis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliaea of the family Tachinidae.	Heliaea mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Colobothina perplexa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Colobothina.	Colobothina perplexa	species
taxon rank	Orthochromis polyacanthus is a species of cichlid native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Zambia, where it is known from the lower Congo River rapids near Pool Malebo (Stanley Pool) and the upper Congo River basin from the Kisangani area to the Lake Mweru basin.	Orthochromis polyacanthus	species
taxon rank	Paracyriothasastes marmoreus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paracyriothasastes.	Paracyriothasastes marmoreus	species
taxon rank	The Balanomorpha are a suborder of barnacles, containing familiar acorn barnacles of the seashore.	Balanomorpha	suborder
taxon rank	Cerithiopsis dominguezi is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Cerithiopsidae, which is known from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico.	Cerithiopsis dominguezi	species
taxon rank	Clanculus floridus, common name the florid clanculus, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Clanculus floridus	species
taxon rank	Neocolobura alboplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neocolobura.	Neocolobura alboplagiata	species
taxon rank	Arnica acaulis is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family, known by the common name Common leopardbane.	Arnica acaulis	species
taxon rank	Castilleja pruinosa is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name frosted Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja pruinosa	species
taxon rank	Blanfordia bensoni is a species of land snail which has an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Blanfordia bensoni	species
taxon rank	Aporrhais pespelecani, common name the ``pelican's foot'' (or more precisely ``common pelican's foot'' to distinguish it from congeners), is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aporrhaidae.	Aporrhais pespelecani	species
taxon rank	The genus comprises a single species, the type species, Guamatela tuerckheimii Donn.Sm., an evergreen shrub with a prostrate habit that is native to Mexico, Guatemala, and Honduras.	Guamatela	species
taxon rank	Nylanderia vagabunda, is a species of Formicinae ant found in Sri Lanka.	Nylanderia vagabunda	species
taxon rank	Centaurea collina is a species of Centaurea found in Portugal.	Centaurea collina	species
taxon rank	Kibatalia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1826.	Kibatalia	genus
taxon rank	Cephalotaxus wilsoniana is a species of coniferous tree in the plum yew family, Cephalotaxaceae.	Cephalotaxus wilsoniana	species
taxon rank	Trypeta hysia is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Trypeta of the family Tephritidae.	Trypeta hysia	species
taxon rank	Physella wrighti, common name the hotwater physa, is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.	Physella wrighti	species
taxon rank	The Syngnathidae are a family of fish which includes the seahorses, the pipefishes, the pipehorses, and the leafy, ruby, and weedy seadragons.	Syngnathidae	family
taxon rank	Oxystele variegata, common name the variegated topshell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Oxystele variegata	species
taxon rank	It was described by Alberti in 1967, and the type species is Crotalocephalides gaertneri, which the author had originally described under the genus Cheirurus in 1962.	Crotalocephalides	genus
taxon rank	Gelidiella is a genus of red algae (phylum Rhodophyta).	Gelidiella	genus
taxon rank	Luetkenotyphlus brasiliensis (common name: Sao Paulo caecilian) is a species of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family.	Luetkenotyphlus	species
taxon rank	Fusigobius is a genus of coral reef inhabiting gobies found throughout the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Fusigobius	genus
taxon rank	Altingia is a genus of 11 species of flowering plants in the family Altingiaceae, formerly often treated in the related family Hamamelidaceae.	Altingia	genus
taxon rank	Chelonistele vermicularis is a species of orchid in the genus Chelonistele.	Chelonistele vermicularis	species
taxon rank	The Mexican agouti (Dasyprocta mexicana), also known as the Mexican black agouti, is a species of rodent in the family Dasyproctidae.	Mexican agouti	species
taxon rank	Chelonoidis donfaustoi (commonly known as the eastern Santa Cruz tortoise) is a species of Galápagos tortoise living on Santa Cruz Island, within the Galápagos.	Chelonoidis donfaustoi	species
taxon rank	Ingentidens is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian (upper Roadian age) mudstone deposits of Dashankou locality, Xidagou Formation of China.	Ingentidens	genus
taxon rank	The Syndiniales are an order of dinoflagellates, found exclusively as endosymbionts of the tintinnid ciliates, crustaceans, fish, protozoa, algae, and other dinoflagellates.	Syndiniales	order
taxon rank	Epipogiinae is an orchid subtribe in the tribe Nervilieae.	Epipogiinae	subtribe
taxon rank	It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is Courtessolium prepater, which was originally described under the genus Pateraspis by Courtessole and Pillet in 1975, and was later renamed under the genus Pseudosphaerexochus.	Courtessolium	genus
taxon rank	Typhlops hypomethes, known commonly as the Coastal blindsnake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Typhlops hypomethes	species
taxon rank	Dolichoderus robustus is an extinct species of Eocene ant in the genus Dolichoderus.	Dolichoderus robustus	species
taxon rank	Cunninghamella elegans is a species of fungus in the genus Cunninghamella found in soil.	Cunninghamella elegans	species
taxon rank	Rhynia is a single-species genus of Devonian vascular plants.	Rhynia	species
taxon rank	Brachyspiraceae is a family of spirochaetes.	Brachyspiraceae	family
taxon rank	The single species that makes up the genus is Bognera recondita.	Bognera	species
taxon rank	Bidens connata , the purplestem beggarticks or London bur-marigold, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Bidens connata	species
taxon rank	Jensenobotrya lossowiana is the only species of genus Jensenobotrya, in the Aizoaceae family.	Jensenobotrya	species
taxon rank	The Hanken's shrub frog, Pseudophilautus hankeni, is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to the Knuckles Mountain Range, Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus hankeni	species
taxon rank	Collomia diversifolia is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name serpentine collomia.	Collomia diversifolia	species
taxon rank	Crepidodera aurea is a species of flea beetles from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in everywhere in Europe, except for Albania, Andorra, Finland, Ireland, Latvia, Moldova, Monaco, Norway, San Marino, Sweden, Vatican City, and various European islands.	Crepidodera aurea	species
taxon rank	Aconogonon phytolaccifolium is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Poke knotweed .	Aconogonon phytolaccifolium	species
taxon rank	Angraecum aporoides is a species of comet orchid that can be found in Burundi, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Nigeria, Rwanda and São Tomé and Principe.	Angraecum aporoides	species
taxon rank	Sinezona laqueus is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Scissurellidae, the little slit shells.	Sinezona laqueus	species
taxon rank	Eubrachiosaurus is an extinct genus of stahleckeriine stahleckeriid dicynodont known from the Late Triassic (Norian stage) of Wyoming, USA.	Eubrachiosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Jamesoniella colorata is a species of liverwort in the Jungermanniaceae family.	Jamesoniella colorata	species
taxon rank	Alisea is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Upper Miocene subepoch.	Alisea	genus
taxon rank	Salix planifolia is a species of willow known by the common names planeleaf willow, diamondleaf willow, and tea-leafed willow.	Salix planifolia	species
taxon rank	Oliva hirasei, common name Hirase's olive, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Oliva hirasei	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species Holozonia filipes, which is known by the common name whitecrown.	Holozonia	species
taxon rank	Saltoblattella montistabularis is a species of jumping cockroach known only from Table Mountain near Cape Town, South Africa.	Saltoblattella montistabularis	species
taxon rank	Elpistostegalia or Panderichthyida is an order of prehistoric lobe-finned fishes which lived during the Late Devonian period (about 385 to 374 million years ago).	Elpistostegalia	order
taxon rank	Megalocytivirus is the most recently added genus.	Megalocytivirus	genus
taxon rank	Parvanachis obesa, common name the fat dovesnail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Parvanachis obesa	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces chattanoogensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Tennessee in the USA.	Streptomyces chattanoogensis	species
taxon rank	Ipomopsis polyantha is a rare species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Pagosa ipomopsis, Pagosa skyrocket and Archuleta County standing-cypress.	Ipomopsis polyantha	species
taxon rank	The Hesperocyoninae are a subfamily of extinct canids.	Hesperocyoninae	subfamily
taxon rank	Eumorpha (meaning ``well formed'') is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family.	Eumorpha	genus
taxon rank	The Torrey pine, Pinus torreyana, is a rare pine species in the United States, an endangered species growing only on the Torrey Pines State Natural Reserve, a bluff above the Pacific Ocean, and on one of the Channel Islands, endemic to the coastal sage and chaparral ecoregion in the U.S. state of California.	Torrey pine	species
taxon rank	Ingerophrynus macrotis is a toad species of the family Bufonidae, which is found throughout most of monsoonal mainland Southeast Asia and in northeast India.	Ingerophrynus macrotis	species
taxon rank	Coelopleurus is a genus of echinoids.	Coelopleurus	genus
taxon rank	Manchurochelys is an extinct genus of turtle in the order Paracryptodira.	Manchurochelys	genus
taxon rank	Beltanodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Triassic period.	Beltanodus	genus
taxon rank	Cyprinion acinaces acinaces is a subspecies of Cyprinion acinaces.	Cyprinion acinaces acinaces	subspecies
taxon rank	Gentiana bavarica, common name Bavarian gentian, is a herbaceous perennial species of flowering plant in the Gentian family Gentianaceae.	Gentiana bavarica	species
taxon rank	The Weymouthiidae are an extinct family of eodiscinid agnostid trilobites.	Weymouthiidae	family
taxon rank	The Tubariaceae is a family of basidiomycete fungi described by Alfredo Vizzini in 2008.	Tubariaceae	family
taxon rank	Asartodes zapateri is a species of snout moth in the genus Asartodes.	Asartodes zapateri	species
taxon rank	Tegastidae is a family of copepods, which are characterised by having laterally compressed bodies (resembling that of an amphipod), a claw-like mandible in the nauplius stage, and by a modified male genital complex.	Tegastidae	family
taxon rank	Partula planilabrum as a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula planilabrum	species
taxon rank	The planarian Dugesia is a well-known representative of class Turbellaria.	Turbellaria	class
taxon rank	Gastrochaenidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the unassigned Euheterodonta.	Gastrochaenidae	family
taxon rank	Kniphofia nana is a plant species in the genus Kniphofia.	Kniphofia nana	species
taxon rank	Triprion spatulatus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.	Triprion spatulatus	species
taxon rank	Niphargobates is a genus of amphipod crustaceans containing two species from European caves.	Niphargobates	genus
taxon rank	Diospyros is a genus of over 700 species of deciduous and evergreen trees, shrubs and small bushes.	Diospyros	genus
taxon rank	Tropidosuchus is an extinct genus of carnivorous archosauriform from the Middle Triassic period (Anisian to Ladinian stage).	Tropidosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Adeorbis elegans is a species of very small sea snail with a translucent shell, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tornidae.	Adeorbis elegans	species
taxon rank	Tetraneuris ivesiana is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family, known by the common name Ives' fournerved daisy.	Tetraneuris ivesiana	species
taxon rank	Carabus monticola is a species of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in France, Italy, and Switzerland.	Carabus monticola	species
taxon rank	Rhomboteuthis lehmani is an extinct species of squid, currently the only described member of its genus.	Rhomboteuthis lehmani	species
taxon rank	Surcossus perlaris is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Surcossus.	Surcossus perlaris	species
taxon rank	Pelagophyceae is a class of heterokont algae.	Pelagophyceae	class
taxon rank	†Omalaxidae is an extinct family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Omalaxidae	family
taxon rank	Penicillium cavernicola is a psychrotolerant fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which is found in cool caves.	Penicillium cavernicola	species
taxon rank	Rhinotitan (Giant Snout) is an extinct genus of brontothere from the Eocene of China.	Rhinotitan	genus
taxon rank	Barnardichthys fulvomarginata is a species of sole endemic to the coasts of South Africa.	Barnardichthys fulvomarginata	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron thomsonii (半圆叶杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to northern India, Bhutan, Nepal, Sikkim, and southern Xizang in China, where it grows at altitudes of 3000--4000 meters.	Rhododendron thomsonii	species
taxon rank	Eimeriidae is a family of Apicomplexa.	Eimeriidae	family
taxon rank	Coelopoeta is a genus of small moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea.	Coelopoeta	genus
taxon rank	Leptynia attenuata is a species of stick insect from Heteronemiidae family which is endemic to Portugal.	Leptynia attenuata	species
taxon rank	Gigantorhynchus is a genus of parasitic worm, from the family Gigantorhynchida.	Gigantorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Hybognathus nuchalis, the Mississippi silvery minnow is a species of fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Hybognathus nuchalis	species
taxon rank	Carcineretidae is a prehistoric family of heterotrematan crustaceans.	Carcineretidae	family
taxon rank	Myopopone castanea is a species of ant in the genus Myopopone.	Myopopone castanea	species
taxon rank	Chlorophthalmus is a genus of greeneyes	Chlorophthalmus	genus
taxon rank	Fritillaria taipaiensis is a Chinese plant species of the lily family.	Fritillaria taipaiensis	species
taxon rank	Cardiopteridaceae is a eudicot family of flowering plants.	Cardiopteridaceae	family
taxon rank	Sapheneutis camerata is a bagworm species in the genus Sapheneutis.	Sapheneutis camerata	species
taxon rank	Saitoella complicata is a rare fungus that is one of the nearest relatives of S. pombe, a widely used model species.	Saitoella complicata	species
taxon rank	Archocentrus is a genus of cichlid fishes from Central America.	Archocentrus	genus
taxon rank	The genus Aptenodytes (from the Ancient Greek a/α 'without' pteno-/πτηνο- ``feather'' or ``wing'' and dytes/δυτης ``diver'') contains two extant species of penguins collectively known as ``the great penguins''.	Aptenodytes	genus
taxon rank	The European spadefoot toads are a family of frogs, the Pelobatidae, with only one extant genus Pelobates, containing four species.	European spadefoot toad	family
taxon rank	Xylococcus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the heath family which contains the single species Xylococcus bicolor, the mission manzanita.	Xylococcus bicolor	species
taxon rank	Alaba martensi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Litiopidae.	Alaba martensi	species
taxon rank	Psydrax odorata, known as alaheʻe in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering shrub or small tree in the coffee family, Rubiaceae.	Psydrax odorata	species
taxon rank	The Orussidae or the parasitic wood wasps represent a small family of sawflies (``Symphyta'').	Orussidae	family
taxon rank	Ophiclinops hutchinsi, the Earspot snakeblenny, is a species of clinid native to reefs with seagrass or weed growth at depths of from 13 to 15 metres (43 to 49 ft) along the coast of southern Australia.	Ophiclinops hutchinsi	species
taxon rank	The Trefle Gros, (Tadehagi triquetrum), is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Tadehagi triquetrum	species
taxon rank	Turbinella angulata, common name the West Indian chank shell or Lamp Shell, is a species of very large tropical sea snail with a gill and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.	Turbinella angulata	species
taxon rank	Crataegus fluviatilis is a species of hawthorn similar to C. flabellata and to C. macrosperma.	Crataegus fluviatilis	species
taxon rank	Tagetes microglossa is a Mesoamerican species of marigolds in the sunflower family.	Tagetes microglossa	species
taxon rank	Synodontis macrophthalmus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Ghana where it occurs in the Volta River basin.	Synodontis macrophthalmus	species
taxon rank	Calamagrostis breweri is a species of grass known by the common name shorthair reedgrass.	Calamagrostis breweri	species
taxon rank	The Caliciaceae are a family of mostly lichen-forming fungi belonging to the class Lecanoromycetes in the division Ascomycota.	Caliciaceae	family
taxon rank	Odontoglossum blandum, the Charming Odontoglossum, is a species of orchid found from Ecuador to Peru.	Odontoglossum blandum	species
taxon rank	Meek's pygmy parrot (Micropsitta meeki), also known as the yellow-breasted pigmy parrot, is a species of small parrot in the Psittacidae family.	Meek's pygmy parrot	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora elongata (Latin: elongare = elongated) is a species of marsh pitcher plant endemic to the Ilu--	Heliamphora elongata	species
taxon rank	Pseudaelara sellaemontis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudaelara.	Pseudaelara sellaemontis	species
taxon rank	Millettia stuhlmannii, commonly known as panga panga, is a well-known species of timber tree that is native to the southeastern Afrotropics.	Millettia stuhlmannii	species
taxon rank	Cyathea elongata is a species of tree fern native to Venezuela and Colombia, where it grows in montane areas at an altitude of 2000-3000 m. The trunk is erect and up to 11 m tall.	Cyathea elongata	species
taxon rank	Palaeolagus ('ancient hare') is an extinct genus of lagomorph.	Palaeolagus	genus
taxon rank	Burkholderia tuberum is a species of bacteria that is capable of symbiotic nitrogen fixation with the legume Aspalathus carnosa.	Burkholderia tuberum	species
taxon rank	Cyathea glaberrima is a species of tree fern endemic to the D'Entrecasteaux Islands, specifically Fergusson Island and Goodenough Island, where it grows in mossy forest at an altitude of 900--1,400 m (3,000--4,600 ft).	Cyathea glaberrima	species
taxon rank	Scolopendra abnormis (Serpent Island centipede) is a species of centipede in the family Scolopendridae that is endemic to Mauritius.	Scolopendra abnormis	species
taxon rank	Carpilius corallinus or Batwing Coral Crab is a species of crab.	Carpilius corallinus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium pimiteouiense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from sandy beach soil from the Penang Island in Peninsular Malaysia.	Penicillium pimiteouiense	species
taxon rank	Spirostreptida is an order of long, cylindrical millipedes.	Spirostreptida	order
taxon rank	Hyperolius atrigularis is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.	Hyperolius atrigularis	species
taxon rank	Zygopetalum crinitum is a species of orchid native to southeastern and southern Brazil and grows at elevations of 600 to 1200 meters.	Zygopetalum crinitum	species
taxon rank	Gymnopilus abramsii is a species of mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.	Gymnopilus abramsii	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe howellii is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common names Mendocino spineflower and Howell's spineflower.	Chorizanthe howellii	species
taxon rank	Paraschistura is a genus of stone loaches most of which occur in Central, South and Western Asia.	Paraschistura	genus
taxon rank	Michelia punduana is a species of plant in the Magnoliaceae family.	Michelia punduana	species
taxon rank	Agelenopsis is a genus of spiders, known as American grass spiders.	Agelenopsis	genus
taxon rank	Ammi visnaga is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by many common names, including toothpick-plant, toothpickweed, bisnaga, and khella.	Ammi visnaga	species
taxon rank	Adenophyllum wrightii is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names San Felipe dogweed, San Felipe dyssodia and Wright's dogweed.	Adenophyllum wrightii	species
taxon rank	Ammodytes is a genus of sand lances native to the northern oceans.	Ammodytes	genus
taxon rank	Papilio antonio is a member of the fuscus species-group.	Papilio antonio	species
taxon rank	Peperomia rubella is a plant species in the Piperaceae family, endemic to Jamaica.	Peperomia rubella	species
taxon rank	Micrurus browni, commonly known as Brown's coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake native to southwestern Mexico and Guatemala.	Micrurus browni	species
taxon rank	Callicarpa mollis is a species of beautyberry that is cultivated and grown in gardens and parks as ornamental plant.	Callicarpa mollis	species
taxon rank	Zephyranthes refugiensis, the Refugio zephyrlily, is a rare plant species known from only two counties in southern Texas (Goliad and Refugio).	Zephyranthes refugiensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudacanthicus fordii is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname where it occurs in the coastal river drainages.	Pseudacanthicus fordii	species
taxon rank	Acropora awi is a species of acroporid coral that was first described by Wallace and Wolstenholme in 1998.	Acropora awi	species
taxon rank	Symplocos is a genus of flowering plants in the order Ericales.	Symplocos	genus
taxon rank	Trigodon gaudryi is an extinct species of the family Toxodontidae, a large bodied notoungulate which inhabited South America during the Miocene living from 11.61--7.25 Ma and existed for approximately 4.36 million years.	Trigodon	species
taxon rank	Parhippopsis columbiana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parhippopsis.	Parhippopsis columbiana	species
taxon rank	Xanthophyllum sulphureum is a species of plant in the family Polygalaceae.	Xanthophyllum sulphureum	species
taxon rank	Holdenius is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm fish which lived during the Late Devonian period.	Holdenius	genus
taxon rank	The Kashmir gray langur (Semnopithecus ajax) is an Old World monkey, one of the species of langurs.	Kashmir gray langur	species
taxon rank	Austrolittorina cincta is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles, found in New Zealand.	Austrolittorina cincta	species
taxon rank	Callimantis is a genus of mantis of the family Mantidae consisting of only one species, Callimantis antillarum.	Callimantis	genus
taxon rank	Partulina crassa was a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinellidae.	Partulina crassa	species
taxon rank	Kalyptatherina helodes, the marine sailfin silverside is a species of sailfin silverside endemic to Indonesia, where it is only known from mangrove swamps around Misool and Batanta Islands.	Kalyptatherina helodes	species
taxon rank	Agyneta pseudorurestris is a species of sheet weaver found in Portugal, Spain, Cyprus, Sardinia, Algeria, Tunisia and Israel.	Agyneta pseudorurestris	species
taxon rank	Zonitoides excavatus is a European species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Gastrodontidae.	Zonitoides excavatus	species
taxon rank	Saxifraga paniculata (also known by the English common names alpine saxifrage, encrusted saxifrage, lifelong saxifrage, lime-encrusted saxifrage, livelong saxifrage, White Mountain saxifrage, and silver saxifrage) is a species of saxifrage native to the United States, Europe and Asia.	Saxifraga paniculata	species
taxon rank	The Indochinese box turtle, Vietnamese box turtle, or flowerback box turtle (Cuora galbinifrons) is a species of Asian box turtles from China (Hainan and Guangxi), northern and central Vietnam, Laos, and possibly northeastern Cambodia.	Indochinese box turtle	species
taxon rank	Scartella caboverdiana is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern central Atlantic ocean, around Cape Verde.	Scartella caboverdiana	species
taxon rank	The Sumba green pigeon (Treron teysmannii) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Sumba green pigeon	species
taxon rank	Qianosuchus is an extinct genus of aquatic archosaur from the middle Triassic (Anisian) Guanling Formation of Pan County, China.	Qianosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Gyalopion canum, commonly known as the Western hooknose snake, is a species of small colubrid snake endemic to the United States and Mexico.	Gyalopion canum	species
taxon rank	Atheris squamigera, common names green bush viper, variable bush viper, leaf viper, and others, is a venomous viper species endemic to west and central Africa.	Atheris squamigera	species
taxon rank	The Actinidiaceae are a small family, the Chinese gooseberry family, of plants.	Actinidiaceae	family
taxon rank	Burkholderia terricola is a species of bacteria in the phylum Proteobacteria.	Burkholderia terricola	species
taxon rank	Abaraeus cuneatus is a species beetle in Cerabycidae family which can be found in Grand Batanga, Cameroon.	Abaraeus cuneatus	species
taxon rank	Caecorhamdella brasiliensis is a species of fish in the Pimelodidae family.	Caecorhamdella brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Archachatina knorri is a species of large air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae.	Archachatina knorri	species
taxon rank	Eimeria is a genus of apicomplexan parasites that includes various species capable of causing the disease coccidiosis in cattle and poultry, among other animals.	Eimeria	genus
taxon rank	Chaetomitrium elegans is a moss species in the genus Chaetomitrium.	Chaetomitrium elegans	species
taxon rank	Ramphotyphlops exocoeti (also known as Christmas Island blind snake) is a blind snake species endemic to Christmas Island.	Ramphotyphlops exocoeti	species
taxon rank	Vappodes is a genus of orchids from Indonesia, New Guinea and Australia.	Vappodes	genus
taxon rank	Vulpia myuros, the annual fescue, or rat's-tail fescue, is an annual grass species of the genus Vulpia.	Vulpia myuros	species
taxon rank	Juraphyllitidae is a family of Lower Triassic phylloceratin ammonites from Europe, North Africa, and Asia characterized by narrow, evolutely coiled shells, usually with coarse ventral ribbing on the body chamber.	Juraphyllitidae	family
taxon rank	Eriogonum gracilipes is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name White Mountains buckwheat.	Eriogonum gracilipes	species
taxon rank	Triodopsis tridentata, common name the northern three-tooth or northern threetooth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.	Triodopsis tridentata	species
taxon rank	Adenaria is a monotypic genus of plants in the family Lythraceae containing the single species Adenaria floribunda.	Adenaria	species
taxon rank	Pteridophyllum racemosum is a species of flowering plant endemic to Japan.	Pteridophyllum	species
taxon rank	Parancistrus is a small genus of suckermouth armored catfishes native to South America.	Parancistrus	genus
taxon rank	Sphaerocarpales is an order of plants within the liverworts.	Sphaerocarpales	order
taxon rank	Euchorthippus declivus, the ``sharp-tailed grasshopper,'' is a species of short-horned grasshoppers belonging to the family Acrididae, subfamily Gomphocerinae.	Euchorthippus declivus	species
taxon rank	Eurymorion is a genus of sheet weavers.	Eurymorion	genus
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Tetrabaena is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Tetrabaenaceae.	Tetrabaena	genus
taxon rank	Serapias is a genus of terrestrial orchids that can be found all over southern Europe to Asia Minor.	Serapias	genus
taxon rank	Crenicichla strigata is a species of cichlid native to the southern tributaries of the Amazon River basin in Brazil and Guyana.	Crenicichla strigata	species
taxon rank	Hulsea vestita is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name pumice alpinegold.	Hulsea vestita	species
taxon rank	Agyneta pseudosaxatilis is a species of sheet weaver found in Russia and Kazakhstan.	Agyneta pseudosaxatilis	species
taxon rank	Fucus gardneri is a species of seaweed, a brown alga living on the littoral shore of the Pacific coasts of North America.	Fucus gardneri	species
taxon rank	Samolus repens is a species of water pimpernel native to Australia, New Zealand and near-by Pacific islands, and South America (South Chile), where it is common in temperate and subtropic coastlines.	Samolus repens	species
taxon rank	Solidago decurrens is an Asian species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Solidago decurrens	species
taxon rank	Pterynotus tripterus, common name : the three-winged murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Pterynotus tripterus	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces harbinensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from roots of the soybean Glycine max in Harbin in the Heilongjiang province in China.	Streptomyces harbinensis	species
taxon rank	Rhinotyphlops boylei, commonly known as Boyle's beaked blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.	Rhinotyphlops boylei	species
taxon rank	Obliquogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Indian Ocean and the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	Obliquogobius	genus
taxon rank	Polystichum imbricans is a species of fern known by the common names narrowleaf swordfern and imbricate sword fern.	Polystichum imbricans	species
taxon rank	Mermithidae is a family of nematode worms that are endoparasites in arthropods.	Mermithidae	family
taxon rank	Lupinus truncatus is a species of lupine known by the common name collared annual lupine.	Lupinus truncatus	species
taxon rank	Caulkicephalus is a genus of pterosaur, belonging to the Pterodactyloidea, from the Isle of Wight off the coast of England.	Caulkicephalus	genus
taxon rank	Pelobacter venetianus is a species of bacteria that degrades polyethylene glycol.	Pelobacter venetianus	species
taxon rank	Caloplaca obamae is a species of lichen in the fungus genus Caloplaca.	Caloplaca obamae	species
taxon rank	Diadophis punctatus regalis, commonly known as the regal ringneck snake, is a subspecies of ringneck snake endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.	Diadophis punctatus regalis	subspecies
taxon rank	Guaiacum sanctum, commonly known as Holywood or Holywood Lignum-vitae, is a species of flowering plant in the creosote bush family, Zygophyllaceae.	Guaiacum sanctum	species
taxon rank	Atrophaneura sycorax is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found from South Burma to Peninsular Malaysia, and in Sumatra and West Java.	Atrophaneura sycorax	species
taxon rank	Brachyelytrum is a genus of North American and East Asian plants in the grass family, classified in its own tribe Brachyelytreae.	Brachyelytrum	genus
taxon rank	Hippomane spinosa is a plant species in the Euphorbiaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753.	Hippomane spinosa	species
taxon rank	The Sri Lanka bush warbler is a skulky species which can very difficult to see.	Sri Lanka bush warbler	species
taxon rank	Tabanus darimonti is a Mediterranean species of biting horse-fly.	Tabanus darimonti	species
taxon rank	It is the only described member of the genus Mysanthus, though there is a report of an undescribed species.	Mysanthus	genus
taxon rank	Apatemyidae is an extinct family of placental mammals that took part in the first placental evolutionary radiation together with other early mammals such as the leptictids.	Apatemyidae	family
taxon rank	Appalachia arcana is a species of grasshopper in the family Acrididae.	Appalachia arcana	species
taxon rank	Stachys byzantina (syn. S. lanata; lamb's-ear or woolly hedgenettle) is a species of Stachys, native to Turkey, Armenia, and Iran.	Stachys byzantina	species
taxon rank	Locustellidae is a newly recognized family of small insectivorous songbirds (``warblers''), formerly placed in the Old World warbler ``wastebin'' family.	Locustellidae	family
taxon rank	Oroya is a genus of cacti (family Cactaceae), originating from Peru.	Oroya	genus
taxon rank	Spoonwings or Nemopteridae are a family of neuropteran insects.	Nemopteridae	family
taxon rank	Sinopterus (meaning ``Chinese wing'') was a genus of tapejarid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Chaoyang, Liaoning, China.	Sinopterus	genus
taxon rank	Laytonia is an extinct genus of prehistoric halosaur that lived in deep water off the North American Pacific Coast from the Zemorrian Epoch (comprising either the latest Oligocene or lower Miocene) until during the Upper Miocene subepoch, when tectonic uplift effectively destroyed the genus' habitat by making the deep water too shallow.	Laytonia	genus
taxon rank	Tillandsia bulbosa, the bulbous airplant, is a species in the genus Tillandsia.	Tillandsia bulbosa	species
taxon rank	Micrixalus kodayari, also known as the kodayar dancing frog, is a newly described species of frog in the Micrixalidae family.	Micrixalus kodayari	species
taxon rank	Coupatezia is a prehistoric genus of ray whose fossils are found in strata dating from the Maastrichtian stage until the last species' extinction during the Middle Eocene.	Coupatezia	genus
taxon rank	Gloxinia perennis is a species of tropical rhizomatous herbaceous flowering plant belonging to the family Gesneriaceae.	Gloxinia perennis	species
taxon rank	Milacidae is a family of air-breathing, keeled, land slugs.	Milacidae	family
taxon rank	Drakaea gracilis, commonly known as slender hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Drakaea gracilis	species
taxon rank	Mimothelais fruhstorferi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimothelais.	Mimothelais fruhstorferi	species
taxon rank	Osteopelta ceticola is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Osteopeltidae.	Osteopelta ceticola	species
taxon rank	Anacamptis laxiflora (lax-flowered orchid, loose-flowered orchid, or green-winged meadow orchid) is a species of orchid.	Anacamptis laxiflora	species
taxon rank	Pachyagrotis is a genus of moths of the Noctuidea family.	Pachyagrotis	genus
taxon rank	Haplosyllis spongicola, the sponge worm, is a species of polychaete worm in the family Syllidae.	Haplosyllis spongicola	species
taxon rank	Europelta is an extinct genus of struthiosaurine nodosaurid dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous (early Albian stage) lower Escucha Formation of Teruel Province, northeastern Spain.	Europelta	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus australis is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Indian milkvetch.	Astragalus australis	species
taxon rank	Hemilampra is a genus of hoverflies	Hemilampra	genus
taxon rank	Richardsonichthys leucogaster, the Whiteface waspfish, is a species of waspfish native to reefs of the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Richardsonichthys leucogaster	species
taxon rank	Bonapartia pedaliota, the Longray Fangjaw, is a species of bristlemouth found in the Atlantic and Indian Oceans.	Bonapartia pedaliota	species
taxon rank	Eimeria tenella is a species of Eimeria that causes hemorrhagic cecal coccidiosis in young poultry.	Eimeria tenella	species
taxon rank	Rubus curtipes, the shortstalk dewberry, is an uncommon North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus curtipes	species
taxon rank	Aeolidioidea is a superfamily of sea slugs, the aeolid nudibranchs.	Aeolidioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Algeripithecus is an extinct genus of early fossil primate, weighing approximately 65 to 85 grams (2.3 to 3.0 oz).	Algeripithecus	genus
taxon rank	The Cordycipitaceae are a family of parasitic fungi in the Ascomycota, class Sordariomycetes.	Cordycipitaceae	family
taxon rank	Euroschinus falcatus (sometimes spelled Euroschinus falcata) is a species of tree in the Anacardiaceae family.	Euroschinus falcatus	species
taxon rank	Sturisomatichthys citurensis is a species of armored catfish of the family Loricariidae endemic to Panama where it occurs in the Tuira and Bayano River basins.	Sturisomatichthys citurensis	species
taxon rank	Capperia browni is a species of moth in the genus Capperia, known from Mexico.	Capperia browni	species
taxon rank	Tabanus sudeticus also known as the dark giant horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly.	Tabanus sudeticus	species
taxon rank	Pentaedrusaurus is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Early Triassic of China.	Pentaedrusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cryptochloa is a genus of Neotropical plants in the grass family, widespread across much of Mexico, Central America, and South America.	Cryptochloa	genus
taxon rank	Carya texana is an endangered species in southwestern Indiana.	Carya texana	species
taxon rank	The Amoebidae are a family of Amoebozoa, including naked amoebae that produce multiple pseudopodia of indeterminate length.	Amoebidae	family
taxon rank	Guaiacum officinale, commonly known as roughbark lignum-vitae, guaiacwood or gaïacwood, is a species of tree in the caltrop family, Zygophyllaceae, that is native to the Caribbean and the northern coast of South America.	Guaiacum officinale	species
taxon rank	The common torrent hawk, (Epophthalmia vittata) is a species of dragonfly in the family Macromiidae.	Epophthalmia vittata	species
taxon rank	Omoglymmius regius is a species of beetle in the subfamily Rhysodidae.	Omoglymmius regius	species
taxon rank	Yucca baileyi is a relatively small species, usually acaulescent but sometimes with a short leafy stem.	Yucca baileyi	species
taxon rank	Afrocarpus falcatus (syn. Podocarpus falcatus) is a species of tree in the family Podocarpaceae.	Afrocarpus falcatus	species
taxon rank	Panzerina is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae first described in 1982.	Panzerina	genus
taxon rank	Mystacoleucus is a genus of cyprinid fishes that are found in Southeast Asia.	Mystacoleucus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudocuma longicorne is a marine species of cumacean in the family Pseudocumatidae.	Pseudocuma longicorne	species
taxon rank	Metoecis carnifex is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Metoecis.	Metoecis carnifex	species
taxon rank	Pollenia rudis, the common cluster fly, is a species of fly in the family Calliphoridae.	Pollenia rudis	species
taxon rank	Anomia trigonopsis, also known as the New Zealand jingle, is a species of marine bivalve mollusc in the family Anomiidae, the anomiids.	Anomia trigonopsis	species
taxon rank	Doronicum plantagineum, the plantain-leaved leopard's-bane or plantain false leopardbane, is a European plant species in the sunflower family.	Doronicum plantagineum	species
taxon rank	Bignonia binata is a flowering plant species in the genus Bignonia.	Bignonia binata	species
taxon rank	Monardella douglasii is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Douglas' monardella.	Monardella douglasii	species
taxon rank	Aloe affinis is a species of aloe plant, endemic to Limpopo, Gauteng, and Mpumalanga, of South Africa.	Aloe affinis	species
taxon rank	Maniltoa grandiflora is a species of plant in the legume family (Fabaceae).	Maniltoa grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Chamonixia pachydermis, is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family, found in New Zealand.	Chamonixia pachydermis	species
taxon rank	Cryptocheilus elegans is a spider wasp species in the genus Cryptocheilus found in Europe.	Cryptocheilus elegans	species
taxon rank	Heterotaxis is a genus of orchids native to Latin America from central Mexico to Bolivia, and also to parts of the West Indies.	Heterotaxis	genus
taxon rank	Orthocarpus imbricatus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name mountain owl's-clover.	Orthocarpus imbricatus	species
taxon rank	Diaporthe is a genus of endophytic filamentous fungus plant pathogens.	Diaporthe	genus
taxon rank	Lyginopteris is a genus of Late Carboniferous seed fern that was sometimes parasitized.	Lyginopteris	genus
taxon rank	Erosaria helvola, common name : the honey cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria helvola	species
taxon rank	The Day's Cymbidium (Cymbidium dayanum) is a species of orchid, also known as the Phoenix Orchid or Tree Orchid.	Cymbidium dayanum	species
taxon rank	Alcithoe knoxi is a species of deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Alcithoe knoxi	species
taxon rank	Qingxiusaurus is a genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Guangxi, China.	Qingxiusaurus	genus
taxon rank	Orthotylus divisus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that can be found in Greece, Spain, and on islands such as Sardinia, Sicily, and Canary Islands.	Orthotylus divisus	species
taxon rank	Tristachya (common name Trident grasses) is a genus of African and Latin American plants in tribe Tristachyideae within the grass family.	Tristachya	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Apsidophora purpurorbis, which is found in Thailand, the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra and New Guinea.	Apsidophora	species
taxon rank	Conus tessulatus, common name the tessellated cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus tessulatus	species
taxon rank	Berryteuthis anonychus, also known as the minimal armhook squid or smallfin gonate squid, is a species of squid in the family Gonatidae.	Berryteuthis anonychus	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Mersa metochia, which is found on Seram.	Mersa metochia	species
taxon rank	Isocoma humilis, common names Zion goldenbush or Zion jimmyweed, is a rare North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Isocoma humilis	species
taxon rank	Hyloxalus idiomelus (Rivero's rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Hyloxalus idiomelus	species
taxon rank	Houlletia odoratissima is a species of orchid that occurs in the Andes from Panama to Bolivia.	Houlletia odoratissima	species
taxon rank	Amblycheila cylindriformis is a species of flightless tiger beetle.	Amblycheila cylindriformis	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus × tetragona is a hybrid species in the genus Eucalyptus.	Eucalyptus × tetragona	species
taxon rank	Tachypeles rossii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Paussinae in the genus Tachypeles.	Tachypeles rossii	species
taxon rank	Aulactinia verrucosa, the gem anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.	Aulactinia verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Melica macra is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay.	Melica macra	species
taxon rank	Paleopanax is an extinct genus of flowering plant in the Ginseng family, Araliaceae, containing the single species Paleopanax oregonensis.	Paleopanax	species
taxon rank	Chelodina insculpta is an extinct species of snake-necked turtle that was described in 1897 from material gathered in Darling Downs, Queensland, Australia, restricted.	Chelodina insculpta	species
taxon rank	Yingshanosaurus (meaning ``Yingshan or Golden Hills reptile'') is a genus of quadrupedal herbivorous dinosaur from the Late Jurassic, around 155 million years ago.	Yingshanosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Tentaculita is an extinct class of uncertain placement ranging from the Early Ordovician to the Middle Jurassic.	Tentaculita	class
taxon rank	Guancha camura is a species of calcareous sponge from Norway.	Guancha camura	species
taxon rank	Xylotoles costatus, the Pitt Island longhorn beetle, is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Xylotoles costatus	species
taxon rank	Protepicyon contains one species:	Protepicyon	species
taxon rank	Guancha pulcherrima is a species of calcareous sponge from Australia	Guancha pulcherrima	species
taxon rank	Bosellia mimetica is a species of sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Boselliidae.	Bosellia mimetica	species
taxon rank	Dictyna civica is spider species found in Europe, North Africa, Turkey and North America.	Dictyna civica	species
taxon rank	Oncocnemis was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Sympistis	Oncocnemis	genus
taxon rank	Conus purpurascens, common name the purple cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus purpurascens	species
taxon rank	Ziziphus mauritiana, also known as Chinese date, ber, Chinee apple, jujube, Indian plum, Regi pandu, Indian jujube and masau, is a tropical fruit tree species belonging to the family Rhamnaceae.	Ziziphus mauritiana	species
taxon rank	Luciliocline is a genus of flowering plants in the pussy's-toes tribe with the daisy family.	Luciliocline	genus
taxon rank	Dawsonicyon is an extinct genus of basal carnivoramorphan which existed in Wyoming, USA, during the middle Eocene.	Dawsonicyon	genus
taxon rank	Rhagadiolus is a genus of plants in the dandelion tribe within the daisy family, native to the Mediterranean region of southern Europe, northern Africa, and the Middle East.	Rhagadiolus	genus
taxon rank	Appendicula calcarata is a species of orchid that can be found on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia and Malaysia, from elevations of 700--1,300 m. It can be found in lower riverine montane forests, and it flowers from July--	Appendicula calcarata	species
taxon rank	Anomaloglossus shrevei (common name: Shreve's rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Anomaloglossus shrevei	species
taxon rank	Theretairus is a Late Jurassic genus of sphenodont reptile from the Morrison Formation of western North America, present in stratigraphic zones 5 and 6.	Theretairus	genus
taxon rank	Brunneria gracilis is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Venezuela.	Brunneria gracilis	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis austrogermanica is a species of praying mantis found in Namibia, KwaZulu-Natal, Transvaal, and East Africa.	Amorphoscelis austrogermanica	species
taxon rank	Solenogyne is a genus of Australian plants in the aster tribe within the daisy family.	Solenogyne	genus
taxon rank	Ventrifossa is a genus of rattails in the family Macrouridae.	Ventrifossa	genus
taxon rank	Monodactylidae is a family of perciform bony fish commonly referred to as monos, moonyfishes or fingerfishes.	Monodactylidae	family
taxon rank	It belongs to the advanced harpaline assemblage, and if these are circumscribed sensu lato as a single subfamily, Pterostichinae are downranked to a tribe Pterostichini.	Pterostichinae	tribe
taxon rank	Woodwardia areolata (netted chain fern) is a species of fern native to eastern North America.	Woodwardia areolata	species
taxon rank	Ilex tarapotina is a species of holly used in northern Peru to make a special type of maté known as ``té o'' maté'' which is said to produce unknown effects.	Ilex tarapotina	species
taxon rank	Rondonacara hoehnei is a species of cichlid fish of the subfamily Cichlinae.	Rondonacara hoehnei	species
taxon rank	Lirularia succincta, common name the tucked lirularia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Lirularia succincta	species
taxon rank	Nanohaloarchaea is a class of archaea.	Nanohaloarchaea	class
taxon rank	Evodianthus is a genus of plants first described as a genus in 1857.	Evodianthus	genus
taxon rank	Amblyodipsas teitana, or the Teitana purple-glossed snake, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Amblyodipsas teitana	species
taxon rank	Hypericum hartwegii is a species of shrub in the family Hypericaceae.	Hypericum hartwegii	species
taxon rank	Saranthe is a genus of plants native to Brazil and Paraguay, described as a genus in 1861.	Saranthe	genus
taxon rank	Salea horsfieldii, commonly known as Horsfield's spiny lizard or the Nilgiri salea, is a species of agamid, which is endemic to the Nilgiri Hills of India.	Salea horsfieldii	species
taxon rank	Pontosmilus is a genus of machairodontine saber-toothed cats.	Pontosmilus	genus
taxon rank	Tityus pococki is a species of scorpion belonging to the family Buthidae.	Tityus pococki	species
taxon rank	Nepagyrtes piriana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Nepagyrtes.	Nepagyrtes piriana	species
taxon rank	Bothrops jararacussu, commonly known in English as the jararacussu, is a venomous pit viper species endemic to South America.	Bothrops jararacussu	species
taxon rank	Deinandra palmeri is a rare North American species of plants in the tarweed tribe within the (sunflower family).	Deinandra palmeri	species
taxon rank	Drosophila sechellia is a species of fruit fly, used in lab studies of speciation because can mate with Drosophila simulans.	Drosophila sechellia	species
taxon rank	Verbascum bugulifolium is a species of Verbascum native to Bulgaria and western Turkey.	Verbascum bugulifolium	species
taxon rank	Kenneth's white-toothed rat (Berylmys mackenziei) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Kenneth's white-toothed rat	species
taxon rank	Boiga dightoni, commonly known as the Pirmad cat snake or the Travancore cat snake, is a species of rear-fanged colubrid endemic to the Western Ghats of India.	Boiga dightoni	species
taxon rank	Erigeron religiosus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Clear Creek fleabane .	Erigeron religiosus	species
taxon rank	Trifolium beckwithii is a species of clover known by the common name Beckwith's clover.	Trifolium beckwithii	species
taxon rank	Sinotyrannus (meaning ``Chinese tyrant'') is a genus of large basal proceratosaurid dinosaur, a relative of tyrannosaurids which flourished in North America and Asia during the Jurassic and early Cretaceous periods.	Sinotyrannus	genus
taxon rank	Horkelia sericata is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names silky horkelia and Howell's horkelia.	Horkelia sericata	species
taxon rank	The genus Nelepsittacus consists of four extinct parrot species and is closely related to the genus Nestor.	Nelepsittacus	genus
taxon rank	Selineae is the Angelica or Arracacia clade or tribe of the family Apiaceae.	Selineae	tribe
taxon rank	Chromolaena geraniifolia (geraniumleaf thoroughwort), is a West Indian species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family.	Chromolaena geraniifolia	species
taxon rank	Psaltoda flavescens, commonly known as the golden knight, is a species of cicada native to Queensland in eastern Australia.	Psaltoda flavescens	species
taxon rank	Bartonella japonica is a species of proteobacteria in the genus Bartonella.	Bartonella japonica	species
taxon rank	Cetopsidium pemon is a species of whale catfish found in the Caroni River and the Caura River basins, southern tributaries of the Orinoco in eastern Venezuela, the Meta River basin of the western portions of the Orinoco system in eastern Colombia, and the upper portions of the Branco River in northern Brazil.	Cetopsidium pemon	species
taxon rank	The Glossosomatidae are a family of the class Insecta and order Trichoptera.The family contains 23 genera in three subfamilies.	Glossosomatidae	family
taxon rank	Phippsia is a genus of Arctic and alpine plants in the grass family.	Phippsia	genus
taxon rank	Mormodes atropurpurea is a species of orchid native to Panama, Venezuela, and Brazil.	Mormodes atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Erquitaia is a poorly known genus of prehistoric galeomorph shark whose fossils are found in rocks dating from the Maastrichtian stage.	Erquitaia	genus
taxon rank	Kiwa puravida is a species of deep-sea dwelling decapod, a member of the genus Kiwa, a genus of animals sometimes informally known as ``yeti crabs''.	Kiwa puravida	species
taxon rank	Rahiolisaurus is a genus of abelisaurid theropod dinosaur which existed in India during the Late Cretaceous period.	Rahiolisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Inape circumsetae is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family and is endemic to Colombia.	Inape circumsetae	species
taxon rank	Paramischocyttarus is a small afrotropical and palearctic Zethus-like genus of potter wasps.	Paramischocyttarus	genus
taxon rank	Oeceoclades pandurata is a terrestrial and epiphytic orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is native to eastern Zimbabwe and Madagascar.	Oeceoclades pandurata	species
taxon rank	Clinus robustus, the Robust klipfish, is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean around South Africa where it can be found in the subtidal zone in areas with plentiful seaweed growth.	Clinus robustus	species
taxon rank	Algia is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae found in southeast Asia.The genus ranges from Burma to New Guinea.	Algia	genus
taxon rank	Eusparassus dufouri is a species of huntsman spider found in the Western Mediterranean Basin, Portugal and Spain.	Eusparassus dufouri	species
taxon rank	Dysoneuridae is an extinct family of insect in the order Trichoptera.	Dysoneuridae	family
taxon rank	Xyris difformis, the bog yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plant in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris difformis	species
taxon rank	Harpa costata, common name the ribbed harp, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae, the harp snails.	Harpa costata	species
taxon rank	Takakia lepidozioides is a species of moss in the Takakiaceae family, one of two species of Takakia.	Takakia lepidozioides	species
taxon rank	The Hymenophyllaceae (filmy ferns and bristle ferns) is a family of two or more genera and over 600 species of ferns, with a subcosmopolitan distribution, but generally restricted to very damp places or to locations where they are wetted by spray from waterfalls or springs.	Hymenophyllaceae	family
taxon rank	Hazardia detonsa is a rare species of shrub in the daisy family known by the common name island bristleweed.	Hazardia detonsa	species
taxon rank	Impatiens meruensis is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae.	Impatiens meruensis	species
taxon rank	Athericidae is a small family of flies known as water snipe flies or ibis flies.	Athericidae	family
taxon rank	Kronosaurus (/ˌkrɒnoʊˈsɔrəs/ KRON-o-SAWR-əs; meaning ``lizard of Kronos'') is an extinct genus of short-necked pliosaur.	Kronosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Carlephyton glaucophyllum is a species of arum endemic to Madagascar.	Carlephyton glaucophyllum	species
taxon rank	Helicostyla smargadina is a species of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bradybaenidae.	Helicostyla smargadina	species
taxon rank	Even though the Siberian chipmunk normally grows to 50--150 grams, this species is relatively small compared to other Sciuridae, such as the Red Squirrel.	Siberian chipmunk	species
taxon rank	Gyraulus crista, commonly called the Nautilus ramshorn, is a minute species of freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Gyraulus crista	species
taxon rank	Stachyridopsis is a genus of bird in the Timaliidae family.	Stachyridopsis	genus
taxon rank	Clara's echymipera (Echymipera clara), or Clara's spiny bandicoot or white-lipped bandicoot, is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae.	Clara's echymipera	species
taxon rank	Ancistrus temminckii is a species of armoured suckermouth catfish in the family Loricariidae of order Siluriformes.	Ancistrus temminckii	species
taxon rank	Antirrhinum subbaeticum is a species of plant in the Plantaginaceae family.	Antirrhinum subbaeticum	species
taxon rank	Liuixalus ocellatus (common names ocellated bubble-nest frog and ocellated small treefrog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Liuixalus ocellatus	species
taxon rank	Podoserpula pusio, commonly known as the pagoda fungus, is a species of fungus in the family Amylocorticiaceae.	Podoserpula pusio	species
taxon rank	Leptachatina lepida is a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae.	Leptachatina lepida	species
taxon rank	Babesiosoma is a genus of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexia.	Babesiosoma	genus
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Scepastocarpus peritheciiformis.	Scepastocarpus	species
taxon rank	Westringia eremicola, commonly known as slender westringia or slender western rosemary, is a flowering plant species that is endemic to south-eastern Australia It is a slender shrub growing to 1.5 metres high.	Westringia eremicola	species
taxon rank	Crataegus nigra, the Hungarian thorn or Hungarian hawthorn, is a black-fruited species of hawthorn native to Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Albania and Yugoslavia.	Crataegus nigra	species
taxon rank	Sason colemani is a species of barychelid trapdoor spiders that has only been found in a natural swamp in the Botanical Gardens in Cairns, Queensland.	Sason colemani	species
taxon rank	Grant's bushbaby (Galagoides granti), also known as Grant's lesser bushbaby or the Mozambique lesser bushbaby is a species of primate in the family Galagidae.	Grant's bushbaby	species
taxon rank	Calathea warscewiczii is a species of evergreen, perennial, herbaceous plant in the Marantaceae family, endemic to Costa Rica and Nicaragua.	Calathea warscewiczii	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron bureavii is a rhododendron species native to western Sichuan and northern Yunnan, China, where it grows at altitudes of 2800--4500 meters.	Rhododendron bureavii	species
taxon rank	Achatina reticulata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Achatinidae, the giant African snails.	Achatina reticulata	species
taxon rank	Caenagnathus ('recent jaw') is a genus of caenagnathid oviraptorosaurian dinosaur from the late Cretaceous (Campanian; ~75 million years ago).	Caenagnathus	genus
taxon rank	Megalochelys is an extinct genus of cryptodiran turtle which lived from the Miocene to Pleistocene, across Asia and possibly East Europe.	Megalochelys	genus
taxon rank	Argyrodes lepidus is a species of tangle web spider in the genus Argyrodes	Argyrodes lepidus	species
taxon rank	Odorrana hainanensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that might be endemic to Hainan Island, China; there is one record from Guangxi.	Odorrana hainanensis	species
taxon rank	Berberis andrieuxii is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1838.	Berberis andrieuxii	species
taxon rank	Colus hirudinosus is a species of stinkhorn fungus found in Asia, Australia, northern Africa, and southern Europe.	Colus hirudinosus	species
taxon rank	Drosera intermedia, commonly known as the oblong-leaved sundew, spoonleaf sundew, or spatulate leaved sundew, is an insectivorous plant species belonging to the sundew genus.	Drosera intermedia	species
taxon rank	Asplenium virens is a species of fern in the family Aspleniaceae.	Asplenium virens	species
taxon rank	Sporobolus airoides is a species of grass known by the common name alkali sacaton.	Sporobolus airoides	species
taxon rank	The Pavoraja nitida (Peacock skate) is a species of fish in Rajidae family.	Pavoraja nitida	species
taxon rank	Taxus wallichiana, the Himalayan yew, is a species of yew, native to the Himalaya and parts of south-east Asia.	Taxus wallichiana	species
taxon rank	Vagaceratops (meaning ``wandering (vagus, Latin) horned face'', in reference to its close relationship with Kosmoceratops from Utah) is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur.	Vagaceratops	genus
taxon rank	Agyneta kopetdaghensis is a species of sheet weaver found in Iran and Turkmenistan.	Agyneta kopetdaghensis	species
taxon rank	Pterolepis glomerata, the false meadowbeauty, is a plant species in the family Melastomataceae.	Pterolepis glomerata	species
taxon rank	Carex mckittrickensis, the Guadalupe Mountain sedge, is a species of sedge endemic to Guadalupe Mountains National Park in western Texas.	Carex mckittrickensis	species
taxon rank	Callionymus draconis is a species of dragonet native to temperate regions of the Indian and Pacific oceans around Japan and western Australia where it occurs at depths of around 138 metres (453 ft).	Callionymus draconis	species
taxon rank	Acanthemblemaria harpeza is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Navassa Island, in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Acanthemblemaria harpeza	species
taxon rank	The type species is Nasutoceratops titusi.	Nasutoceratops	species
taxon rank	Lycodon tiwarii, commonly known as the Andaman wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake found in the Andaman Islands of India.	Lycodon tiwarii	species
taxon rank	Erigone aletris is a spider species found in the USA, Canada, Scotland and Italy.	Erigone aletris	species
taxon rank	Lanistes bicarinatus is a species of large freshwater snail in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Lanistes bicarinatus	species
taxon rank	Procaris is a genus of shrimp in the family Procarididae.	Procaris	genus
taxon rank	Potamocypris variegata is a species of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae, subfamily Cypridopsinae.	Potamocypris variegata	species
taxon rank	The Tortricinae are the nominate subfamily of tortrix moths.	Tortricinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Acanthoceratidae is an extinct family of acanthoceratoid cephalopods in the order Ammonitida, known from the Upper Cretaceous.	Acanthoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Ventricolaria rugatina, or the queen venus clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae.	Ventricolaria rugatina	species
taxon rank	The Chitonophilidae are a family of parasitic copepods, with these genera:	Chitonophilidae	family
taxon rank	Cochylis pallidana has a wingspan of 11--14 mm. This species is very similar to Cochylis nana.	Cochylis pallidana	species
taxon rank	Vibrio vulnificus is a species of Gram-negative, motile, curved, rod-shaped (Bacillus), Pathogenic bacteria of the genus Vibrio.	Vibrio vulnificus	species
taxon rank	Solidago brachyphylla is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Dixie goldenrod.	Solidago brachyphylla	species
taxon rank	Leptomyrmex ramorniensis is a species of ant in the genus Leptomyrmex.	Leptomyrmex ramorniensis	species
taxon rank	Myristica is a genus of trees in the family Myristicaceae.	Myristica	genus
taxon rank	Gyronchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Jurassic.	Gyronchus	genus
taxon rank	Dichromanthus michuacanus, the Michuacan lady orchid, is a terrestrial species of orchid.	Dichromanthus michuacanus	species
taxon rank	Sicyopterus lagocephalus, the red-tailed goby or blue stream goby, is a species of goby native to islands of the Indian Ocean from the Comoros to the Mascarene Islands to the Pacific Ocean where it reaches French Polynesia and can be found as far north as Japan.	Sicyopterus lagocephalus	species
taxon rank	Schefflera multinervia is a species of plant in the Araliaceae family.	Schefflera multinervia	species
taxon rank	Lycopus asper is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name rough bugleweed.	Lycopus asper	species
taxon rank	Piezodorus is a genus of Pentatomidae, a family of shield bugs.	Piezodorus	genus
taxon rank	Arrhopalites is a genus of springtails in the family Sminthuridae.	Arrhopalites	genus
taxon rank	Oneida luniferella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oneida.	Oneida luniferella	species
taxon rank	Idiosepius notoides, also known as the Southern Pygmy Squid, is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean, off southern and eastern Australia.	Idiosepius notoides	species
taxon rank	Astragalus oophorus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name egg milkvetch.	Astragalus oophorus	species
taxon rank	Magnolia globosa (commonly known as Globe magnolia or Hen magnolia) is a species of Magnolia native to Bhutan, southwestern China (Sichuan, Xizang, Yunnan), northeastern India (Assam, Sikkim), northern Myanmar-Burma, and eastern Nepal.	Magnolia globosa	species
taxon rank	Sebastes ventricosus is a species of fish in the rockfish family found in the Northwest Pacific	Sebastes ventricosus	species
taxon rank	Yanoconodon is a monotypic genus of extinct early mammal whose representative species Yanoconodon allini lived during the Mesozoic in what is now China.	Yanoconodon	species
taxon rank	Naucleopsis glabra is a South American plant species in the family Moraceae.	Naucleopsis glabra	species
taxon rank	Panulirus echinatus, the brown spiny lobster, is a species of spiny lobster that lives on rocky reefs in the tropical western Atlantic Ocean and central Atlantic Islands.	Panulirus echinatus	species
taxon rank	Silene rupestris or rock campion is a plant species of the genus Silene.	Silene rupestris	species
taxon rank	Nessia burtonii, commonly known as Burton's nessia, the three-toed snake skink, or Gray's snake skink, is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka.	Nessia burtonii	species
taxon rank	Synodontis matthesi is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Tanzania where it occurs in the Rufiji River basin.	Synodontis matthesi	species
taxon rank	Zombia antillarum, commonly known as the zombie palm, is a species of palm tree and the only member of the genus Zombia.	Zombia	species
taxon rank	Erica capensis (or the Cape Heath) is a species of erica that was naturally restricted to the city of Cape Town, South Africa.	Erica capensis	species
taxon rank	Coregonus gutturosus, the Lake Constance whitefish, is an extinct species of whitefish in the salmon family Salmonidae.	Coregonus gutturosus	species
taxon rank	Callobius severus is a species of spider found in parts of North America.	Callobius severus	species
taxon rank	The Ranellidae, common name the triton shells or tritons, are a taxonomic family of small to very large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Ranellidae	family
taxon rank	Planocraniidae is an extinct family of basal crocodylian that existed during the Eocene in Asia, Europe and North America.	Planocraniidae	family
taxon rank	Penicillium cyaneum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from a oil-field.	Penicillium cyaneum	species
taxon rank	Eurycotis is a genus of cockroaches.	Eurycotis	genus
taxon rank	Pelobates fuscus is a species of toad in the family Pelobatidae, native to an area extending from Central Europe to Western Asia.	Pelobates fuscus	species
taxon rank	Oxymeris senegalensis, common name : the Faval Auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Oxymeris senegalensis	species
taxon rank	†Angrobia dulvertonensis was a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Angrobia dulvertonensis	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic containing the single species Ianusanta ianusi from Peru.	Ianusanta	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops maximus, or the Giant blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops maximus	species
taxon rank	The sage-grouse are the two species in the bird genus Centrocercus.	Centrocercus	genus
taxon rank	Aphomia argentia is a species of snout moth in the genus Aphomia.	Aphomia argentia	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus bicostata, commonly known as southern blue gum, Victorian blue gum or eurabbie, is a eucalypt species native to Victoria and eastern New South Wales, Australia.	Eucalyptus bicostata	species
taxon rank	Neomyxine biniplicata also known as the slender hagfish is a species of hagfish endemic to New Zealand.	Neomyxine biniplicata	species
taxon rank	The Bongolava mouse lemur (Microcebus bongolavensis) is a species of mouse lemur endemic to Madagascar.	Bongolava mouse lemur	species
taxon rank	Henosepilachna vigintioctopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Coccinellidae.	Henosepilachna vigintioctopunctata	species
taxon rank	Laminacauda newtoni is a species of sheet weaver found in Chile and Argentina.	Laminacauda newtoni	species
taxon rank	Melindea nigrita is a species of leaf beetle native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, observed by Jacoby in 1901.	Melindea nigrita	species
taxon rank	Cydalima perspectalis or the box tree moth is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.	Cydalima perspectalis	species
taxon rank	Opsilia coerulescens is a gray coloured species of a beetle from family longhorn beetle, subfamily Lamiinae.	Opsilia coerulescens	species
taxon rank	Trichomanes angustatum is a species of fern in the Hymenophyllaceae family.	Trichomanes angustatum	species
taxon rank	Bambusa multiplex is a species of bamboo native to China (provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi, Hainan, Hunan, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Yunnan), Nepal, Bhutan, Assam, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, and northern Indochina.	Bambusa multiplex	species
taxon rank	Eledone nigra is a little-known species of octopus described from one male and six females which were taken in Luderitz Bay, Namibia and has only been recorded subsequently in 1941.	Eledone nigra	species
taxon rank	Acalypta hellenica is a species of bugs from Tingidae family, and Tinginae subfamily that can be found in Bosnia, Bulgaria, Canary Islands, Croatia, France, Denmark, Greece, Italy, Spain, and Ukraine.	Acalypta hellenica	species
taxon rank	Muzimes collaris is a species of blister beetles belonging to the family Meloidae.	Muzimes collaris	species
taxon rank	Neoraimondia is a genus of medium to large cacti from Peru.	Neoraimondia	genus
taxon rank	Barsine pallinflexa is a species of lichen-moths of the Erebidae family, Arctiinae subfamily.	Barsine pallinflexa	species
taxon rank	Chloridops is an extinct genus of birds.	Chloridops	genus
taxon rank	Beaufortia decussata was first species of Beaufortia to be described.	Beaufortia decussata	species
taxon rank	Myriophyllum hippuroides is a species of water milfoil known by the common name western watermilfoil.	Myriophyllum hippuroides	species
taxon rank	Stenomorda fasciata is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, which is in the genus Stenomorda.	Stenomorda fasciata	species
taxon rank	Solidago rupestris , the rock goldenrod or riverbank goldenrod, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Solidago rupestris	species
taxon rank	Ernobius abietis is a species of beetles in the genus Ernobius of the family Anobiidae.	Ernobius abietis	species
taxon rank	Strategus aloeus, the ox beetle, is a species of rhinoceros beetle.	Strategus aloeus	species
taxon rank	Acrosticta foveolata is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrosticta of the family Ulidiidae.	Acrosticta foveolata	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa hutjertjuensis is a species of stone loach found in Mongolia and China.	Triplophysa hutjertjuensis	species
taxon rank	Juncus nodosus is a species of rush known by the common name knotted rush.	Juncus nodosus	species
taxon rank	Cyrtophora parangexanthematica is a species of tent spider found in the Philippines.	Cyrtophora parangexanthematica	species
taxon rank	Tetragondacnus spilotus is a species of pearlfish found in the Pacific waters off of Sumatra where it has been recovered at a depth of just over 500 metres (1,600 ft).	Tetragondacnus spilotus	species
taxon rank	Cercocarpus traskiae, known by the common names Santa Catalina Island mountain-mahogany and Catalina mahogany, is a rare species of plant in the rose family.	Cercocarpus traskiae	species
taxon rank	Potamonautes raybouldi is a species of freshwater crab.	Potamonautes raybouldi	species
taxon rank	Promyopias is an Afrotropical genus of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae containing the single species Promyopias silvestrii.	Promyopias	species
taxon rank	Rana weiningensis is a species of frog in the Ranidae family endemic to China.	Rana weiningensis	species
taxon rank	Catharsius gorilla is a species of African dung beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.	Catharsius gorilla	species
taxon rank	Calystegia purpurata is a species of morning glory known by the common name Pacific false bindweed.	Calystegia purpurata	species
taxon rank	Thorius macdougalli (common name MacDougall's pigmy salamander) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Thorius macdougalli	species
taxon rank	Adetomeris is a genus of moths in the Saturniidae family.	Adetomeris	genus
taxon rank	Eriophyoidea are a superfamily of herbivorous mites.	Eriophyoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Pyrola rotundifolia or round-leaved wintergreen is a plant species of the genus Pyrola.	Pyrola rotundifolia	species
taxon rank	Erythrina burttii is a flowering plant species in the genus of Erythrina found in Kenya and Ethiopia.	Erythrina burttii	species
taxon rank	Solidago petiolaris is a North American species of goldenrod commonly called the downy ragged goldenrod.	Solidago petiolaris	species
taxon rank	Agonum extensicolle is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Arizona, United States and Canada.	Agonum extensicolle	species
taxon rank	Cinetorhynchus reticulatus is a species of shrimp belonging to the family Rhynchocinetidae, known by the common name green-eye dancing shrimp or reticulated hinge-beak shrimp.	Cinetorhynchus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Coccocarpia is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Coccocarpiaceae family.	Coccocarpia	genus
taxon rank	Diodora aspera, common name the rough keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Diodora aspera	species
taxon rank	Penicillium coprophilum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces roquefortine C, griseofulvin and oxaline.	Penicillium coprophilum	species
taxon rank	Taraxacum centrasiaticum is a rare and little-known species of dandelion known only from alpine meadows at an elevation of 3,400--3,500 m (11,200--11,500 ft) in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of western China.	Taraxacum centrasiaticum	species
taxon rank	Sagartia troglodytes is a species of sea anemone in the family Sagartiidae, also known as the mud sagartia or the cave-dwelling anemone.	Sagartia troglodytes	species
taxon rank	Ehrlichia is a genus of rickettsiales bacteria that is transmitted to vertebrates by ticks.	Ehrlichia	genus
taxon rank	Berberis (/ˈbɜːrbərɪs/) is a large genus of deciduous and evergreen shrubs from 1--5 m (3.3--16.4 ft) tall found throughout the temperate and subtropical regions of the world (apart from Australia).	Berberis	genus
taxon rank	Parafreoides ghanaensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parafreoides.	Parafreoides ghanaensis	species
taxon rank	Drosera silvicola is a species of pygmy sundew from Western Australia.	Drosera silvicola	species
taxon rank	The Holectypoida are an order of sea urchins related to the sand dollars.	Holectypoida	order
taxon rank	Corydoras garbei is a species of catfish in the family Callichthyidae endemic to Brazil where it is found in the São Francisco River basin.	Corydoras garbei	species
taxon rank	Corylus johnsonii is an extinct species of hazel known from fossil fruits found in the Klondike Mountain Formation deposits of Northern Washington State, dated to the early Eocene Ypresian stage (56 to 48 million years ago).	Corylus johnsonii	species
taxon rank	Amyris polymorpha is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae, that is endemic to Cuba.	Amyris polymorpha	species
taxon rank	Hypericum crux-andreae, commonly called St. Peter's-wort, is a species of flowering plant in the Hypericaceae (St. John's wort) family.	Hypericum crux-andreae	species
taxon rank	Dugesia japonica is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits the freshwater bodies of East Asia.	Dugesia japonica	species
taxon rank	Micraira is the only genus of tribe Micraireae in the grass family, native to Australia.	Micraira	genus
taxon rank	Childrena childreni, the large silverstripe, is a species nymphalid butterfly was first described by Gray in 1831.	Childrena childreni	species
taxon rank	Sphenotitan is an extinct genus of basal opisthodontian sphenodontian reptile known from the Late Triassic Quebrada del Barro Formation of northwestern Argentina.	Sphenotitan	genus
taxon rank	Neotysonia is a genus of Australian plants in pussy's-toes tribe within the daisy family.	Neotysonia	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron watsonii is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Watson's fleabane.	Erigeron watsonii	species
taxon rank	Stokesia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Stokesia laevis.	Stokesia laevis	species
taxon rank	Erica cerinthoides is a species of heath native to South Africa (the Cape Provinces, the Free State, KwaZulu-Natal, the Northern Provinces), Lesotho and Swaziland.	Erica cerinthoides	species
taxon rank	Helianthella uniflora, oneflower helianthella, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Helianthella uniflora	species
taxon rank	Fritzolenellus is an extinct genus from a well-known class of fossil marine arthropods, the trilobites, with three known species.	Fritzolenellus	genus
taxon rank	The genus consists of the single species Xenoposeidon proneneukos.	Xenoposeidon	species
taxon rank	Echinostelium is a genus of slime mould, and the only genus in the family Echinosteliaceae, or Echinosteliidae.	Echinostelium	genus
taxon rank	The Carrot-tail Viper Gecko (Teratolepis fasciata) is a species of gecko found in India and Pakistan.	Teratolepis fasciata	species
taxon rank	Acanthognathus stipulosus is a species of ant belonging to the Acanthognathus genus.	Acanthognathus stipulosus	species
taxon rank	Phidippus zethus is a species of jumping spider (Salticidae) native to Mexico.	Phidippus zethus	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis eduardianus is a species of cichlid endemic to Uganda where it is found in Lake George, Lake Edward and the Kazinga Channel.	Haplochromis eduardianus	species
taxon rank	Ericameria laricifolia is a North American species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name turpentine bush, or turpentine-brush.	Ericameria laricifolia	species
taxon rank	Heterodontosuchus is a dubious genus of extinct phytosaur.	Heterodontosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Microlophus peruvianus, the Peru Pacific iguana, is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Ecuador, Peru, and Chile.	Microlophus peruvianus	species
taxon rank	Cassia aubrevillei is a legume species in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae.	Cassia aubrevillei	species
taxon rank	Cynegetis impunctata is a species of Ladybird native to continental Europe.	Cynegetis impunctata	species
taxon rank	The Pteromalidae are a very large family of parasitoid wasps, with some 3,450 described species in about 640 genera (the number was greater, but many species and genera have been reduced to synonymy in recent years).	Pteromalidae	family
taxon rank	Anabarilius brevianalis is a species of cyprinid fish from the Jinsha River basin in China.	Anabarilius brevianalis	species
taxon rank	Amphorosteus is a dubious genus of mosasaur from the Late Cretaceous of North America.	Amphorosteus	genus
taxon rank	Pusia voncoseli is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae.	Pusia voncoseli	species
taxon rank	Antirrhinum multiflorum (syn. Sairocarpus multiflorus) is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name Sierra snapdragon.	Antirrhinum multiflorum	species
taxon rank	Bituminaria is small genus of perennial herbs in the bean family.	Bituminaria	genus
taxon rank	Sinezona rimuloides is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Scissurellidae, the little slit snails.	Sinezona rimuloides	species
taxon rank	Nesodactylus was a genus of ``rhamphorhynchoid'' pterosaur from the middle-late Oxfordian age Upper Jurassic Jagua Formation of Pinar del Río, western Cuba.	Nesodactylus	genus
taxon rank	The Congo serpent eagle (Dryotriorchis spectabilis) is a species of bird of prey in the family Accipitridae, and is placed in the monotypic genus Dryotriorchis.	Congo serpent eagle	species
taxon rank	Leathesia difformis, the sea potato, is a species of littoral brown algae in the class Phaeophyceae and the order Ectocarpales which is commonly attached to other seaweeds and sometimes rocks.	Leathesia difformis	species
taxon rank	Aplysiopsis sinusmensalis, the Table Bay nudibranch, is a species of sacoglossan sea slug, a shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Hermaeidae.	Aplysiopsis sinusmensalis	species
taxon rank	It was described by Rothschild in 1916, and contains the single species Anaphleps angustipennis, which is found on Volcan Island.	Anaphleps	species
taxon rank	Osedax japonicus is a species of bathypelagic polychaete tube worm that lives at great depths on the seabed and is able to sustain itself on the bones of a dead whale.	Osedax japonicus	species
taxon rank	Saltoposuchus is an extinct genus of small (1-1.5 m and 10-15 kg), long-tailed crocodylomorph reptile (Sphenosuchia), from the Norian (Late Triassic) of Europe.	Saltoposuchus	genus
taxon rank	Pristimantis citriogaster, sometimes known as the throated robber frog, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis citriogaster	species
taxon rank	The primary species, Viridomys orbatus, is known from fossils found in Campanian (Upper Cretaceous)-aged strata of the Upper Milk River Formation in Alberta, Canada.	Viridomys	species
taxon rank	Aethes argentilimitana, the silver-bordered aethes, is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	Aethes argentilimitana	species
taxon rank	Tenuivirus is a plant virus genus, of which the type member is Rice stripe virus.	Tenuivirus	genus
taxon rank	Tudorella sulcata is a species of land snail which has an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.	Tudorella sulcata	species
taxon rank	Sophora chrysophylla, known as Māmane in Hawaiian, is a species of flowering plant in the pea and bean family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Sophora chrysophylla	species
taxon rank	Penicillium glandicola is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces penitrem A, patulin, 2,4,6-trichloroanisole and roquefortine C	Penicillium glandicola	species
taxon rank	Senecio crassissimus is a species of the genus Senecio, family Asteraceae and endemic to Madagascar.	Senecio crassissimus	species
taxon rank	Yantaromyrmex is an extinct genus of ants first described in 2013.	Yantaromyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Hectopsyllidae is a small family of fleas, containing only the chigoe fleas and the sticktight fleas.	Hectopsyllidae	family
taxon rank	Acca lanuginosa is a species of shrub in the Myrtaceae family, related to feijoa.	Acca lanuginosa	species
taxon rank	Acetes is a genus of small, krill-like prawns.	Acetes	genus
taxon rank	Lomatium dissectum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name fernleaf biscuitroot.	Lomatium dissectum	species
taxon rank	Crepis vesicaria is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family with the common name beaked hawk's-beard.	Crepis vesicaria	species
taxon rank	Cystiscidae is a taxonomic family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks.	Cystiscidae	family
taxon rank	Melapedalion breve, the Philippine snubnose halfbeak, is a species of halfbeak.	Melapedalion breve	species
taxon rank	The Anchariidae are a family of catfishes containing two genera, Ancharius and Gogo with 6 species.	Anchariidae	family
taxon rank	Gibbaeum heathii is a species of succulent plant in the Gibbaeum genus, endemic to South Africa.	Gibbaeum heathii	species
taxon rank	Caymanabyssiidae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Caymanabyssiidae	family
taxon rank	Lorius is a genus of lorikeet in the parrot family Psittaculidae.	Lorius	genus
taxon rank	Allium geyeri is a North American species of onion widespread in the western United States and in western Canada.	Allium geyeri	species
taxon rank	Hydrostachys imbricata is a species of aquatic flowering plant in the genus Hydrostachys.	Hydrostachys imbricata	species
taxon rank	Trillium gracile, common names Sabine River wakerobin, slender trillium or graceful trillium, is a plant species native to the region along the Sabine River in western Louisiana and eastern Texas.	Trillium gracile	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus dorsoviridis (green-back treefrog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family that is found in northern Vietnam and southern China (Yunnan).	Rhacophorus dorsoviridis	species
taxon rank	Schiedea lydgatei is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Kamalo Gulch schiedea and Pacific schiedea.	Schiedea lydgatei	species
taxon rank	Diguetia canities, commonly called the desert bush spider is a species of coneweb spider found in desert and semidesert habitats in the United States from California eastward to Oklahoma and Texas.	Diguetia canities	species
taxon rank	Brochiloricaria chauliodon is a species of armored catfish endemic to Argentina where it is found in the Rio de la Plata Basin.	Brochiloricaria chauliodon	species
taxon rank	Kabirmys is an extinct genus of anomaluroid (scaly-tailed flying squirrel) rodent from the earliest late Eocene of the Birket Qarun Formation from northern Egypt.	Kabirmys	genus
taxon rank	Masracetus (from Arabic Masr, ``Egypt'', and Greek ketos, ``whale'') is an extinct genus of basilosaurid ancient whale known from the Late Eocene (Priabonian, 37.2 to 33.9 million years ago) of Egypt.	Masracetus	genus
taxon rank	Loxa is an insect genus in the large family of shield bugs.	Loxa	genus
taxon rank	Imperator luteocupreus is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to southern Europe, where it is found under chestnut (Castanea).	Imperator luteocupreus	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus yinggelingensis (Yinggeling treefrog) is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae endemic to Hainan Island, China.	Rhacophorus yinggelingensis	species
taxon rank	Colymbiculus is an extinct genus of loon found in Eocene Novopskov, Ukraine.	Colymbiculus	genus
taxon rank	Ctenisolabis is a genus of earwigs in the subfamily Brachylabinae.	Ctenisolabis	genus
taxon rank	Ichthyophis pseudangularis is a species of caecilian endemic to Sri Lanka.	Ichthyophis pseudangularis	species
taxon rank	Olyra latifolia, carrycillo, is a grass species in the Poaceae family.	Olyra latifolia	species
taxon rank	Sida fallax, known as yellow 'ilima, or in Hawaiian, ʻilima, is a species of herbaceous flowering plant in the Hibiscus family, Malvaceae, that occurs on some Pacific Islands.	Sida fallax	species
taxon rank	Phascolosomatidea is a class of peanut worms containing two orders:	Phascolosomatidea	class
taxon rank	Lathyrus biflorus is a rare species of wild pea known by the common name twoflower pea.	Lathyrus biflorus	species
taxon rank	Lithodora oleifolia, the olive-leaved gromwell (syn. Lithospermum oleifolium), is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae.	Lithodora oleifolia	species
taxon rank	Pleodendron macranthum (chupacallos) is a rare species of tree in the Canellaceae family.	Pleodendron macranthum	species
taxon rank	Cerapachys elegans is an ant species in the genus Cerapachys found in Australia.	Cerapachys elegans	species
taxon rank	Palythoa is a genus of anthozoans in the order Zoantharia.	Palythoa	genus
taxon rank	Mendoncia mollis is a plant species in the family Acanthaceae (or according to some specialists in the family Mendonciaceae).	Mendoncia mollis	species
taxon rank	Eucrypta is a genus of flowering plants containing only two species.	Eucrypta	genus
taxon rank	Drymophila cyanocarpa, also known as Turquoise Berry or Native Solomon's Seal, is a species of flowering plant in the family Alstroemeriaceae.	Drymophila cyanocarpa	species
taxon rank	Curculigo orchioides (commonly called golden eye-grass, xian mao, weevil-wort, black musli, Kali musli, or Kali Musali) is a flowering plant species in the genus Curculigo.	Curculigo orchioides	species
taxon rank	Pachylaena is a genus of South American flowering plants in the gerbera tribe within the daisy family.	Pachylaena	genus
taxon rank	Banksia blechnifolia is a species of prostrate shrub in the plant genus Banksia.	Banksia blechnifolia	species
taxon rank	Oceanosuchus is a genus of pholidosaurid mesoeucrocodylian, a type of marine crocodylomorph.	Oceanosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Gymnodoris ceylonica is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Gymnodorididae.	Gymnodoris ceylonica	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium infundibulum, the Small-funnel-lipped Dendrobium, is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium infundibulum	species
taxon rank	Sagittaria australis, the Appalachian Arrowhead or longbeak arrowhead, is a plant species native to much of the eastern part of the United States, from Louisiana to Iowa to New York State to Florida, mostly between New Jersey and Mississippi with scattered locations elsewhere in the range.	Sagittaria australis	species
taxon rank	Anisus vortex is a species of small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Anisus vortex	species
taxon rank	Baroa is a genus of oriental noctuoid moths in the Erebidae family, Arctiinae subfamily.	Baroa	genus
taxon rank	Pellasimnia brunneiterma is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae.	Pellasimnia brunneiterma	species
taxon rank	Grylloblatta barberi is a species of insect in the genus Grylloblatta.	Grylloblatta barberi	species
taxon rank	Riccia atlantica is a species of liverwort in the Ricciaceae family.	Riccia atlantica	species
taxon rank	Prunus nigra, the Canada plum, Canadian plum or black plum, is a species of Prunus, native to eastern North America from Nova Scotia west to Minnesota and southeastern Manitoba, and south as far as Connecticut, Illinois, and Iowa.	Prunus nigra	species
taxon rank	Nebria peristerica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae family that can be found in Greece and Republic of Macedonia.	Nebria peristerica	species
taxon rank	Architectonica perspectiva, common name the clear or perspective sundial shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Architectonicidae, which are known as the staircase shells or sundials.	Architectonica perspectiva	species
taxon rank	The family contains the single genus Mycogelidium, which in turn contains the single species Mycogelidium sinense, found in China.	Mycogelidium	genus
taxon rank	Imantodes gemmistratus is a snake species in the colubrid family, found from Mexico, through Central America and Colombia.	Imantodes gemmistratus	species
taxon rank	Sannantha similis is a flowering shrub or small tree species in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Sannantha similis	species
taxon rank	Dicromantispa moronei is an extinct species of mantidfly in the neuropteran family Mantispidae known from a fossil found in the Caribbean.	Dicromantispa moronei	species
taxon rank	Adesmiella cordipicta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Adesmiella.	Adesmiella cordipicta	species
taxon rank	Schumacheria alnifolia is a species of plant in the Dilleniaceae family.	Schumacheria alnifolia	species
taxon rank	Theocolax elegans is a parasitic wasp species in the genus Theocolax.	Theocolax elegans	species
taxon rank	Plectranthus, with some 350 species, is a genus of warm-climate plants occurring largely in the southern hemisphere, in sub-Saharan Africa, Madagascar, India and the Indonesian archipelago down to Australia and some Pacific Islands.	Plectranthus	genus
taxon rank	Fissurellidae, common name the keyhole limpets and slit limpets, is a taxonomic family of limpet-like sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Vetigastropoda.	Fissurellidae	family
taxon rank	Xoes egeria is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Xoes.	Xoes egeria	species
taxon rank	Clevosaurus (CLEE-vo-SORE-us) (Gloucester lizard) is an extinct genus of sphenodontian reptile from the Triassic and the Jurassic periods of Nova Scotia, Great Britain, (C. bairdi) and Yunnan (C. mcgilli).	Clevosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Patellidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails or true limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Patellogastropoda.	Patellidae	family
taxon rank	Bifrenaria harrisoniae is a species of orchid native to Brazil.	Bifrenaria harrisoniae	species
taxon rank	Chabanaudia is a genus of central African lizard in the family Scincidae commonly known as skinks.	Chabanaudia	genus
taxon rank	†Naricopsinidae was an extinct family of fossil operculate gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa.	Naricopsinidae	family
taxon rank	The sole species is Haplocoelopsis africana.	Haplocoelopsis	species
taxon rank	Lecythium is a genus of testate amoebae within the Chlamydophryidae.	Lecythium	genus
taxon rank	Himeroconcha quadrasi is a species of gastropod in the Charopidae family.	Himeroconcha quadrasi	species
taxon rank	In comparing Europasaurus with Brachiosaurus, the former genus differs from the latter by having a shorter muzzle, a quadratojugal which makes contact with the squamosal, and an anteromedially flattened humerus possessing unaligned proximal and distal epiphyses.	Europasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Chicoreus brevifrons, common name the West Indian murex, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails.	Chicoreus brevifrons	species
taxon rank	Dexteria floridana was a species of fairy shrimp in the family Chirocephalidae, the only species in the genus Dexteria.	Dexteria	species
taxon rank	Brookesia ambreensis, also commonly known as the Amber Mountain leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.	Brookesia ambreensis	species
taxon rank	Cladanthus is a genus of plants in the family sunflower family, native to the Mediterranean region.	Cladanthus	genus
taxon rank	Templetonia stenophylla, commonly known as leafy templetonia, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae.	Templetonia stenophylla	species
taxon rank	Brodiaea filifolia, known by the common name threadleaf brodiaea, is a rare species of flowering plant in the cluster-lily genus .	Brodiaea filifolia	species
taxon rank	Systomus jayarami is a species of cyprinid fish native to Manipur, India.	Systomus jayarami	species
taxon rank	Wislizenia is a genus of flowering plants containing three recognized species native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.	Wislizenia	genus
taxon rank	Gracilinanus is a genus of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Gracilinanus	genus
taxon rank	Russula paludosa is an edible species of mushroom within the large Russula genus.	Russula paludosa	species
taxon rank	Protocreopsis is a genus of fungi in the class Sordariomycetes.	Protocreopsis	genus
taxon rank	Menoponidae is a monophyletic family of lice in the suborder/order of chewing lice, Mallophaga, often referred to as the chicken body louse family.	Menoponidae	family
taxon rank	Menegazzia megalospora is a species of lichen from South America.	Menegazzia megalospora	species
taxon rank	Salvia pratensis (meadow clary or meadow sage) is a species of flowering plant in the family Lamiaceae, native to Europe, western Asia and northern Africa.	Salvia pratensis	species
taxon rank	Hyperolius montanus (common name: mountain reed frog or montane reed frog) is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family.	Hyperolius montanus	species
taxon rank	Nogodinidae is a family of planthoppers.	Nogodinidae	family
taxon rank	Pterocalla guttulata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Pterocalla of the family Ulidiidae.	Pterocalla guttulata	species
taxon rank	Launaea sarmentosa is a perennial herb species in the family Asteraceae.	Launaea sarmentosa	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Lineostroma banksiae.	Lineostroma	species
taxon rank	Populus balsamifera, commonly called balsam poplar, bam, bamtree, eastern balsam-poplar, hackmatack, tacamahac poplar, tacamahaca, is a tree species in the balsam poplar species group in the poplar genus, Populus.	Populus balsamifera	species
taxon rank	Spathopsis wissmanni is a species of bivalve in the Mutelidae family.	Spathopsis wissmanni	species
taxon rank	Adilophontes is an extinct genus of large, mostly carnivorous bone-crushing mammals known as bear dogs, of the family Amphicyonidae, endemic to North America during the Oligocene to Miocene, living from 24.8--20.6 Ma and existed for approximately 4.2 million years.	Adilophontes	genus
taxon rank	Tenagodus cumingii is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Siliquariidae.	Tenagodus cumingii	species
taxon rank	Dalbergia odorifera, or fragrant rosewood (Chinese: 降香黄檀; pinyin: jiàngxiāng huángtán; literally: ``drooping fragrant dalbergia''), is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Dalbergia odorifera	species
taxon rank	Kosmoclymenia is a genus in the ammonoid order Clymeniida, in the family Kosmoclymeniidae.	Kosmoclymenia	genus
taxon rank	Syrrhaptes is a genus of birds in the sandgrouse family.	Syrrhaptes	genus
taxon rank	Rhizocyon was similar to a contemporary species, Archaeocyon leptodus, from the Great Plains, but it shows a few subtle differences in the structure of the skull and dentition that indicate that Rhizocyon may be close to the ancestry of later borophagines.	Rhizocyon	species
taxon rank	Spirogyra (common names include water silk, mermaid's tressses, and blanket weed) is a genus of filamentous charophyte green algae of the order Zygnematales, named for the helical or spiral arrangement of the chloroplasts that is diagnostic of the genus.	Spirogyra	genus
taxon rank	Serratia symbiotica is a species of bacteria that lives as a symbiont of aphids.	Serratia symbiotica	species
taxon rank	Nebria acuta is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Canada and United States, in states like Alaska, California, Oregon, and Washington.	Nebria acuta	species
taxon rank	Crellidae is a family of marine demosponges in the order Poecilosclerida.	Crellidae	family
taxon rank	Buddleja ramboi is a very rare Brazilian species found only infrequently in the shrubby or grassy fields of Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul.	Buddleja ramboi	species
taxon rank	Blue Mist, (Memecylon angustifolium), is a species of plant in the Melastomataceae family.	Memecylon angustifolium	species
taxon rank	The Galápagos land iguanas comprise the genus Conolophus of the Galápagos Islands.	Conolophus	genus
taxon rank	Gulella taitensis is a species of very small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Streptaxidae.	Gulella taitensis	species
taxon rank	Neopaschia flavociliata is a species of snout moth in the genus Neopaschia.	Neopaschia flavociliata	species
taxon rank	Ambrosia tomentosa, the skeletonleaf bur ragweed, silverleaf povertyweed, or skeleton-leaf bursage, is a North American species of perennial plants in the (aster family).	Ambrosia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Chilobrachys guangxiensis (known as the ``Chinese fawn tarantula'') is a species of tarantula native to Southern China, in Hainan.	Chilobrachys guangxiensis	species
taxon rank	Phyllocephalum is a genus of Asian flowering plants in the evil tribe within the sunflower family.	Phyllocephalum	genus
taxon rank	Bhutanitis thaidina, commonly known as the Chinese Three-tailed Swallowtail, is a rare species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.	Bhutanitis thaidina	species
taxon rank	Juglans venezuelensis, or Nogal de Caracas, is a species of black walnut endemic to Venezuela.	Juglans venezuelensis	species
taxon rank	Menon's caecilian, Uraeotyphlus menoni, is a species of caecilian found in the Western Ghats of India.	Menon's caecilian	species
taxon rank	Belonogaster juncea juncea is a subspecies of Belonogaster juncea and is classified as a primitively eusocial wasp, meaning that the species is social while exhibiting a morphology that is indistinguishable from that of other castes.	Belonogaster juncea juncea	subspecies
taxon rank	Omnivoropteryx (meaning ``omnivorous wing'') is a genus of primitive flying bird from the early Cretaceous Upper Jiufotang Formation of China.	Omnivoropteryx	genus
taxon rank	Pseudochazara turkestana (Grum-Grshimailo, 1893) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Pseudochazara turkestana	species
taxon rank	The Sichuan deer (Cervus canadensis macneilli) also known as MacNeill's deer is a subspecies of Wapiti native to Western China.	Sichuan deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Tubeufia is a genus in the Tubeufiaceae family of fungi.	Tubeufia	genus
taxon rank	It contains a single species, Kazaklambia convincens.	Kazaklambia	species
taxon rank	Descolea is a genus of fungi in the family Bolbitiaceae.	Descolea	genus
taxon rank	Basiphyllaea corallicola is a species of orchid native to Florida, Bahamas, Cuba, Hispaniola, and Puerto Rico.	Basiphyllaea corallicola	species
taxon rank	Artemisia carruthii, common name Carruth's sagewort or Carruth wormwood, is a North American species of shrubs in the daisy family native to much of south-central and southwestern United States (Nevada, Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, Colorado, Kansas, Oklahoma, northern + western Texas).	Artemisia carruthii	species
taxon rank	Felimida marislae is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Felimida marislae	species
taxon rank	Dioryctria disclusa, the webbing coneworm or rusty pine cone moth, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae.	Dioryctria disclusa	species
taxon rank	Exyrias akihito is a species of marine goby.	Exyrias akihito	species
taxon rank	The Atlantic cod is one of three cod species in the genus Gadus along with Pacific cod and Greenland cod. A variety of fish species are colloquially known as cod though they are not strictly classified within the Gadus genus, though some are in the Atlantic cod family, Gadidae.	Atlantic cod	species
taxon rank	Guavina is a genus of sleeper gobies native to fresh, marine, and brackish waters of the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas.	Guavina	genus
taxon rank	Bullockia maldonadoi is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae, and the only species of the genus Bullockia.	Bullockia maldonadoi	species
taxon rank	Ambedus is an extinct genus of diadectid reptiliomorph.	Ambedus	genus
taxon rank	Acanthocephala declivis is a species of North American true bugs with a range from the southern United States to Guatemala and some Caribbean islands.	Acanthocephala declivis	species
taxon rank	Idiosepius picteti is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific waters off eastern Indonesia.	Idiosepius picteti	species
voice type	Erika Köth (September 15, 1925, Darmstadt - February 21, 1989, Speyer) was a German operatic high coloratura soprano, particularly associated with the roles of Zerbinetta and Zerlina.	Erika Köth	soprano
voice type	Judith Bettina is an American soprano particularly noted for her performances of contemporary classical music.	Judith Bettina	soprano
voice type	Janice Felty is an American operatic mezzo-soprano.	Janice Felty	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Pietro Ballo (born October 2, 1952 in Palermo), is an Italian operatic tenor singer.	Pietro Ballo	tenor
voice type	Dame Eva Turner DBE (10 March 1892 - 16 June 1990) was an English dramatic soprano with an international reputation.	Eva Turner	soprano
voice type	Geeta Novotny (born Geeta Bhatnagar) is an American mezzo-soprano, actor, published writer and columnist.	Geeta Novotny	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Stafford Dean (born 20 June 1937) is a British bass opera singer.	Stafford Dean	bass
voice type	Renato Capecchi (born Cairo, November 6, 1923; died Milan, June 30, 1998) was an Italian baritone, actor, and opera director.	Renato Capecchi	baritone
voice type	Irena Troupová (Irena Troupova-Wilke) is a Czech soprano and early music specialist.	Irena Troupová	soprano
voice type	Alaine Rodin is an American operatic soprano who has sung leading roles both in the United States and internationally.	Alaine Rodin	soprano
voice type	Gunthild Weber (1909 -- ?) is a German soprano, a concert singer who recorded Bach cantatas and his Mass in B minor with Fritz Lehmann.	Gunthild Weber	soprano
voice type	Marie Wilt (also Maria Vilda and Marie Liebenthaler) (30 January 1833 -- 24 September 1891) was an Austrian dramatic coloratura soprano.	Marie Wilt	soprano
voice type	Giorgio Zancanaro (born 9 May 1939) is an Italian baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, especially Verdi.	Giorgio Zancanaro	baritone
voice type	Lucia Elizabeth Vestris (January 1797 -- 8 August 1856) was an English actress and a contralto opera singer, appearing in works by Mozart and Rossini.	Lucia Elizabeth Vestris	contralto
voice type	Jeanne Gerville-Réache (26 March 1882 -- 5 January 1915) was a French operatic contralto from the Belle Époque.	Jeanne Gerville-Réache	contralto
voice type	Marco Lazzara (born 1962) is an Italian countertenor who sings a wide-ranging repertoire from baroque composers to those of the 20th century and has performed in a number of notable premieres and revivals of rarely performed operas.	Marco Lazzara	countertenor
voice type	Isabel Rey (born in Valencia) is a Spanish operatic soprano who has performed leading roles in the opera houses of Europe and appears on many recordings.	Isabel Rey	soprano
voice type	Edita Adlerová (born 27 August 1971) is a Czech classical mezzo-soprano who has been active in operas, concerts, and recitals since the early 1990s.	Edita Adlerová	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Carlos Mena (born 1971, Vitoria-Gasteiz) is a Spanish countertenor.	Carlos Mena	countertenor
voice type	Deborah Riedel (31 July 1958 -- 8 January 2009) was an Australian operatic soprano.	Deborah Riedel	soprano
voice type	Jami Rogers-Anderson (born September 2, 1970) is an American soprano opera singer.	Jami Rogers-Anderson	soprano
voice type	Robert Rounseville (25 March 1914 -- 6 August 1974) was an American tenor, who appeared in opera, operetta, and Broadway musicals.	Robert Rounseville	tenor
voice type	Natalia Rom, soprano, was born in Kazan, in the Soviet Union (also the city of Feodor Chaliapin's birth), on May 14, 1950, and graduated (as a conductor) from the Leningrad Conservatory.	Natalia Rom	soprano
voice type	Maria Callas, Commendatore OMRI (Greek: Μαρία Κάλλας; December 2, 1923 -- September 16, 1977), was a Greek-American soprano, and one of the most renowned and influential opera singers of the 20th century.	Maria Callas	soprano
voice type	Gustave Garcia (February 1, 1837 -- June 12, 1925) was an Italian baritone opera singer and singing teacher.	Gustave Garcia	baritone
voice type	Peter Hofmann (22 August 1944 -- 30 November 2010) was a German tenor who had a successful performance career within the fields of opera, rock, pop, and musical theatre.	Peter Hofmann	tenor
voice type	Antonietta Marini-Rainieri was an Italian operatic soprano active during the first half of the 19th century.	Antonietta Marini-Rainieri	soprano
voice type	Alan Opie OBE (born 22 March 1945, Redruth) is a Cornish baritone, primarily known as an opera singer.	Alan Opie	baritone
voice type	Barry Morell (March 30, 1927 -- December 4, 2003) was an American operatic tenor, particularly associated with the Italian and French repertoire.	Barry Morell	tenor
