award received	Vicente Manansala, a National Artist of the Philippines in Visual Arts, was a direct influence to his fellow Filipino neo-realists:	Vicente Manansala	National Artist of the Philippines
cast member	Il sire di Vincigliata (``The Sire of Vincigliata'') is a 1913 Italian silent colour film, produced by Roberts Film of Florence/Série d'Art Pathé frères (SAPF) and directed by Alfredo Robert who also plays the title character.	Il sire di Vincigliata	Alfredo Robert
cast member	Idol on Parade also known as Idle on Parade is a 1959 youth-oriented British comedy film directed by John Gilling and starring Anthony Newley, Sid James and Lionel Jeffries.	Idol on Parade	Anthony Newley	Lionel Jeffries
cast member	Sun Valley Serenade is a 1941 musical film starring Sonja Henie, John Payne, Glenn Miller, Milton Berle, and Lynn Bari.	Sun Valley Serenade	Sonja Henie	John Payne	Glenn Miller	Milton Berle	Lynn Bari
cast member	The Invisible Divorce is a 1920 American silent drama film released by Select Pictures and starring Leatrice Joy.	The Invisible Divorce	Leatrice Joy
cast member	Injakkadan Mathai & Sons is a 1993 Malayalam film written by Kaloor Dennis and directed by Anil Babu, starring Suresh Gopi, Jagadish, Innocent, and Urvashi.	Injakkadan Mathai & Sons	Suresh Gopi
cast member	The Red Mouse (German: Die rote Maus) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Aud Egede Nissen, Paul Richter and Charles Willy Kayser.	The Red Mouse	Aud Egede Nissen	Paul Richter	Charles Willy Kayser
cast member	Judy of Rogue's Harbor is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Mary Miles Minter.	Judy of Rogue's Harbor	Mary Miles Minter
cast member	Gunman in the Streets (Canadian title Gangster at Bay) is a French/US-produced 1950 black-and-white film noir directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Dane Clark and Simone Signoret.	Gunman in the Streets	Dane Clark	Simone Signoret
cast member	Witness to Murder is a 1954 suspense film starring Barbara Stanwyck.	Witness to Murder	Barbara Stanwyck
cast member	Mae bia (Thai: แม่เบี้ย, or The Snake Lady) is a 2001 Thai romance-horror film directed by Somching Srisuparp and starring Napakpapha Nakprasitte and Akara Amarttayakul.	Mae bia	Napakpapha Nakprasitte	Akara Amarttayakul
cast member	Urban Menace is a 1999 direct-to-video horror film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Snoop Dogg, Big Pun, Ice-T and Fat Joe.	Urban Menace	Snoop Dogg	Big Pun	Ice-T	Fat Joe
cast member	One Minute to Zero (1952) is a romantic war film starring Robert Mitchum and Ann Blyth, set during the Korean War, and produced by Howard Hughes as the last film he fronted.	One Minute to Zero	Robert Mitchum	Ann Blyth
cast member	Swami Dada is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Dev Anand, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Naseeruddin Shah, newcomer Christine O'Neil, Padmini Kohlapure and Dev Anand.	Swami Dada	Dev Anand	Mithun Chakraborty	Naseeruddin Shah
cast member	Dammu, also spelt Dhammu,(English: Guts) is a Telugu action masala film starring Jr. NTR, Trisha Krishnan and Karthika Nair in the lead roles apart from Bhanupriya, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Venu Thottempudi.	Dammu	Trisha Krishnan	Karthika Nair
cast member	Love at Times Square is a 2003 Bollywood film directed by and starring Dev Anand with Shoib Khan, Chaitanya Chaudhary and Heene Kaushik.	Love at Times Square	Dev Anand
cast member	Eternal Blood (originally Sangre Eterna) is a 2002 Chilean vampire-horror film directed by Jorge Olguín, written by Carolina García and Olguín, and starring Blanca Lewin, Juan Pablo Ogalde, Patricia López, and Claudio Espinoza.	Eternal Blood	Blanca Lewin
cast member	Mounam Kalaikirathu is a 1986 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Kundrai Vaendan Karikalan, starring Suresh, Jeevitha, Anand Babu, Jayashree, Vijayakumar, Chinni Jayanth and S. S. Chandran.	Mounam Kalaikirathu	Suresh	Anand Babu	Vijayakumar	Chinni Jayanth	S. S. Chandran
cast member	Gold on the Street (German:Geld auf der Straße) is a 1930 Austrian-German romantic comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Lydia Pollman, Georg Alexander and Franz Schafheitlin.	Gold on the Street	Georg Alexander	Franz Schafheitlin
cast member	The Undertow is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Frank Thorne starring Franklin Ritchie, Helene Rosson, and Eugenie Forde.	The Undertow	Franklin Ritchie	Helene Rosson	Eugenie Forde
cast member	High Noon is a 1952 American Western film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper.	High Noon	Gary Cooper
cast member	Run Barbi Run is a comedy movie released by Cinemax Studios (nee GMA Films) and Moviestar Productions topbilled by Joey de Leon in 1995 with the Eraserheads and Maricel Laxa.	Run Barbi Run	Joey de Leon	Maricel Laxa
cast member	Untraceable is a 2008 American thriller film starring Diane Lane, Colin Hanks, Billy Burke, and Joseph Cross.	Untraceable	Diane Lane	Colin Hanks	Billy Burke	Joseph Cross
cast member	Ek Thi Rani Aisi Bhi is a 2013 Hindi language historical drama/biopic directed by Gul Bahar Singh and starring Indian MP and actress Hema Malini who portrays Vijaya Raje Scindia.	Ek Thi Rani Aisi Bhi	Hema Malini
cast member	The Ballad of Cable Hogue is a 1970 Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Jason Robards, Stella Stevens and David Warner.	The Ballad of Cable Hogue	Jason Robards	Stella Stevens	David Warner
cast member	Victim Five also known as Code 7, Victim 5 is a 1964 British crime film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Lex Barker, Ronald Fraser, Ann Smyrner and Walter Rilla.	Victim Five	Lex Barker	Ronald Fraser	Ann Smyrner	Walter Rilla
cast member	Harry Tracy, Desperado is a 1982 Canadian drama/western film starring Bruce Dern and Helen Shaver.	Harry Tracy, Desperado	Bruce Dern	Helen Shaver
cast member	East Side/West Side is an American drama series starring George C. Scott, Elizabeth Wilson, Cicely Tyson, and later on, Linden Chiles.	East Side/West Side	George C. Scott	Elizabeth Wilson	Cicely Tyson	Linden Chiles
cast member	She Cried No (also known as Freshman Fall) is a 1996 American television drama film directed by Bethany Rooney, which starred Candace Cameron Bure and Mark-Paul Gosselaar, both former pre-teen idols.	She Cried No	Candace Cameron Bure
cast member	Zotz! is a 1962 fantasy/comedy film produced and directed by William Castle, about a man obtaining magical powers from a god of an ancient civilization.	Zotz!	William Castle
cast member	Lady of the Pavements (UK title: Lady of the Night) is a 1929 American silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lupe Vélez, William Boyd, and Jetta Goudal.	Lady of the Pavements	Lupe Vélez	William Boyd	Jetta Goudal
cast member	Lawn Dogs is a 1997 British-American fantasy-drama film directed by John Duigan and starring Mischa Barton and Sam Rockwell.	Lawn Dogs	Mischa Barton	Sam Rockwell
cast member	Bedardi is a 1993 movie starring Ajay Devgn, Urmila Matondkar, Naseeruddin Shah, Reena Roy, Ashok Banthia and Kiran Kumar in pivotal roles.	Bedardi	Urmila Matondkar	Naseeruddin Shah	Reena Roy	Ashok Banthia
cast member	Slattery's Hurricane thus begins with this narrative by Gary Merrill.	Slattery's Hurricane	Gary Merrill
cast member	Love Is a Racket (UK title: Such Things Happen) is a 1932 American Pre-Code romantic comedy-drama film, starring Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. and Ann Dvorak.	Love Is a Racket	Douglas Fairbanks
cast member	Destry Rides Again is a 1939 western starring Marlene Dietrich and James Stewart, and directed by George Marshall.	Destry Rides Again	Marlene Dietrich	James Stewart
cast member	The War Between Men and Women is a 1972 live action motion picture which incorporates some cartoon sequences, starring Jack Lemmon, Barbara Harris, and Jason Robards.	The War Between Men and Women	Jack Lemmon	Barbara Harris	Jason Robards
cast member	Paulie is a 1998 German/American adventure fantasy comedy film about a disobedient bird named Paulie, starring Tony Shalhoub, Gena Rowlands, Hallie Eisenberg, and Jay Mohr.	Paulie	Tony Shalhoub	Gena Rowlands	Jay Mohr
cast member	First Option is a 1996 Hong Kong action film written and directed by Gordon Chan, and starring Michael Wong and Gigi Leung.	First Option	Michael Wong
cast member	Macho like Me is a documentary film directed and performed by Helie Lee.	Macho like Me	Helie Lee
cast member	The Third Round (1925) was the second silent film adaptation of the Bulldog Drummond character, starring Jack Buchanan and Betty Faire, adapted by Sidney Morgan from the novel of the same name by H. C. McNeile, and directed by Morgan.	The Third Round	Jack Buchanan	Betty Faire
cast member	Mary Pickford - Artful Kate Stanley Owen Moore - Lt. Hamilton Charles Arling -	Artful Kate	Charles Arling
cast member	Age of the Dragons is a 2011 fantasy film starring Danny Glover and Vinnie Jones, directed by Ryan Little.	Age of the Dragons	Danny Glover	Vinnie Jones
cast member	Gentle Man Security is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J Williams, starring Captain Raju and Silk Smitha in the lead roles.	Gentle Man Security	Captain Raju
cast member	Two for Tonight is a 1935 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby, Joan Bennett, and Mary Boland.	Two for Tonight	Bing Crosby	Joan Bennett	Mary Boland
cast member	Before Winter Comes takes place in the immediate aftermath of World War II. British Major Giles Burnside (David Niven) is assigned to an Austrian refugee camp; his mission is to send the groups of displaced civilians to either the Russian or the American zone.	Before Winter Comes	David Niven
cast member	Veritas, Prince of Truth is a 2007 fantasy film starring Sean Patrick Flanery, Bret Loehr, Amy Jo Johnson, Tyler Posey, Kate Walsh, Danny Strong and directed by Arturo Ruiz-Esparza.	Veritas, Prince of Truth	Sean Patrick Flanery	Bret Loehr	Amy Jo Johnson	Tyler Posey	Kate Walsh	Danny Strong
cast member	All About My Father is a personal documentary about the director's father, the famous sexologist and transvestite Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad, who lives in the southern Norwegian city of Grimstad.	All About My Father	Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad
cast member	Ee Pattanathil Bhootham stars Mammootty, Kavya Madhavan, & Innocent.	Ee Pattanathil Bhootham	Mammootty	Kavya Madhavan	Innocent
cast member	Man in the 5th Dimension is a 1964 short film produced and directed by Dick Ross and starring Billy Graham.	Man in the 5th Dimension	Billy Graham
cast member	A Guide for the Married Man is a 1967 American bedroom farce comedy film starring Walter Matthau, Robert Morse, and Inger Stevens.	A Guide for the Married Man	Walter Matthau
cast member	Black Belt Jones is a 1974 American blaxploitation martial arts film directed by Robert Clouse and starring Jim Kelly.	Black Belt Jones	Jim Kelly
cast member	I'll Believe You is a 2006 American comedy film starring David Alan Basche, Patrick Warburton and Siobhan Fallon.	I'll Believe You	David Alan Basche	Patrick Warburton
cast member	Ek Ghar (The House) is a 1991 Indian Hindi psychological drama film directed by Girish Kasaravalli with Deepti Naval, Naseeruddin Shah and Rohini Hattangadi in the lead roles.	Ek Ghar	Naseeruddin Shah
cast member	Whirlygirl is a 2006 coming of age film starring Monet Mazur as the title character and Julian Morris, who plays a boarding school student named James Edwards.	Whirlygirl	Monet Mazur	Julian Morris
cast member	Max, Mon Amour aka Max, My Love is a 1986 film directed by Nagisa Oshima, starring Charlotte Rampling, Anthony Higgins, Victoria Abril, Pierre Étaix and Milena Vukotic.	Max, Mon Amour	Charlotte Rampling	Anthony Higgins	Victoria Abril	Pierre Étaix	Milena Vukotic
cast member	A Mobile Love Story (Simplified Chinese: 爱情占线; pinyin: Ai Qing Zhan Xian) is a twenty-one episode Chinese Romance Idol Drama starring Taiwanese heartthrob Wallace Huo and Mainland singer-actress Han Xue with Singapore superstars Christopher Lee and Yvonne Lim.	A Mobile Love Story	Wallace Huo	Christopher Lee
cast member	Then I Sentenced Them All to Death (Romanian: Atunci i-am condamnat pe toţi la moarte) is a 1972 Romanian historical and social film about World War II. It was directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu.	Then I Sentenced Them All to Death	Sergiu Nicolaescu
cast member	The Thief of Tibidabo (Spanish: La vida es magnífica, French: Le voleur de Tibidabo) is a 1964 Spanish-French crime-comedy film directed by Maurice Ronet and starring Anna Karina.	The Thief of Tibidabo	Maurice Ronet	Anna Karina
cast member	Marfa Strogoff Claudio Gora:	Strogoff	Claudio Gora
cast member	The Mackintosh Man is a 1973 British-American cold war spy thriller film, directed by John Huston and starring Paul Newman, Dominique Sanda and James Mason.	The Mackintosh Man	Paul Newman	Dominique Sanda	James Mason
cast member	Harry Carey - Overland Red Charles Le Moyne - Silent Saunders Harold Goodwin - Collie Vola Vale - Louise Alacarme David B. Gally - Billy Winthrop C. E. Anderson - Boggs (as C. Anderson) Joe Harris - Sago J. Morris Foster - Undetermined Role	Overland Red	Harold Goodwin
cast member	Aata (translation: Game) is a 2007 Telugu film starring Siddharth Narayan and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles.	Aata	Siddharth Narayan	Ileana D'Cruz
cast member	Kantatar (Bengali: কাঁটাতার, Barbed Wire) is a 2005 Bengali film directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay, and featuring Sreelekha Mitra, Sudip Mukherjee, Rudranil Ghosh.	Kantatar	Sudip Mukherjee
cast member	Just Rambling Along is a 1918 American short silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel.	Just Rambling Along	Stan Laurel
cast member	Windbag the Sailor (1936) is a British comedy film directed by William Beaudine, starring Will Hay in the title role.	Windbag the Sailor	Will Hay
cast member	Operator 13 is a 1934 American romance film directed by Richard Boleslawski and starring Marion Davies, Gary Cooper, and Jean Parker.	Operator 13	Marion Davies	Gary Cooper	Jean Parker
cast member	Johnny Eager (Robert Taylor) masquerades as a taxi driver for his gullible parole officer, A. J. Verne (Henry O'Neill), but in reality, he is the ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate.	Johnny Eager	Henry O'Neill
cast member	Kal Aaj Aur Kal (Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow) is a 1971 Hindi film produced by Raj Kapoor and directed by his son Randhir Kapoor.	Kal Aaj Aur Kal	Raj Kapoor	Randhir Kapoor
cast member	Pure Pumpkin Flower (Hangul: 호박꽃 순정; RR: Hobakkkot Soonjung) is South Korean television series starring Lee Chung-ah, Bae Jong-ok, Jin Tae-hyun and Jang Hyun-sung.	Pure Pumpkin Flower	Lee Chung-ah	Bae Jong-ok	Jin Tae-hyun	Jang Hyun-sung
cast member	88 Minutes is a 2007 American thriller film directed by Jon Avnet, and starring Al Pacino, Alicia Witt, Leelee Sobieski, William Forsythe, Deborah Kara Unger, Amy Brenneman, Neal McDonough and Benjamin McKenzie.	88 Minutes	Al Pacino	Alicia Witt	Leelee Sobieski	William Forsythe	Deborah Kara Unger	Amy Brenneman	Neal McDonough
cast member	No Time for Comedy is a 1940 comedy-drama film based on the play of the same name by S. N. Behrman, starring James Stewart, Rosalind Russell, Genevieve Tobin and Charles Ruggles.	No Time for Comedy	James Stewart	Rosalind Russell	Genevieve Tobin	Charles Ruggles
cast member	The Public Menace is a 1935 American black-and-white romantic drama film starring Jean Arthur, George Murphy and Douglass Dumbrille.	The Public Menace	Jean Arthur	George Murphy	Douglass Dumbrille
cast member	Breathing Fire is a 1991 American martial arts film directed by Lou Kennedy in his directorial debut, and co-directed by Brandon De-Wilde, and starring Jonathan Ke Quan, Eddie Saavedra, Ed Neal and Jerry Trimble.	Breathing Fire	Jonathan Ke Quan	Jerry Trimble
cast member	Reckless Roads is a 1935 American drama film directed by Burt P. Lynwood and starring Judith Allen, Regis Toomey and Lloyd Hughes.	Reckless Roads	Judith Allen
cast member	Getting Gilliam is a 2005 documentary film directed by Vincenzo Natali about the making of Terry Gilliam's film Tideland.	Getting Gilliam	Terry Gilliam
cast member	The Light Across the Street (French: La Lumière d'en face) is a 1956 French drama film starring Brigitte Bardot directed by Georges Lacombe.	The Light Across the Street	Brigitte Bardot
cast member	Mountain Family Robinson is a 1979 family movie that stars Robert Logan, Susan Damante-Shaw and George Buck Flower.	Mountain Family Robinson	Robert Logan	George Buck Flower
cast member	The Harder They Fall is a 1956 film noir directed by Mark Robson, featuring Humphrey Bogart in his last film.	The Harder They Fall	Humphrey Bogart
cast member	The Power of Myth is a book based on the 1988 PBS documentary Joseph Campbell and the Power of Myth.	The Power of Myth	Joseph Campbell
cast member	Hawk the Slayer is a 1980 British sword and sorcery adventure fantasy film directed by Terry Marcel and starring John Terry and Jack Palance.	Hawk the Slayer	John Terry	Jack Palance
cast member	The Tragedy of Whispering Creek is a 1914 American silent short Western film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Murdock MacQuarrie, Pauline Bush, and Lon Chaney.	The Tragedy of Whispering Creek	Murdock MacQuarrie	Pauline Bush	Lon Chaney
cast member	The Lion of Judah is a 2011 American 3D computer-animated christian comedy-drama film produced by Animated Family Films, distributed by Rocky Mountain Pictures and starring Scott Eastwood, Georgina Cordova, Sandi Patty, Anupam Kher, Michael Madsen, Alphonso McAuley, Omar Benson Miller, Vic Mignogna and Ernest Borgnine.	The Lion of Judah	Scott Eastwood	Sandi Patty	Anupam Kher	Michael Madsen	Alphonso McAuley	Omar Benson Miller	Vic Mignogna	Ernest Borgnine
cast member	The Warrior and the Sorceress is a 1984 Argentine-American fantasy action film directed by John C. Broderick and starring David Carradine, María Socas and Luke Askew.	The Warrior and the Sorceress	David Carradine
cast member	Ellen Vogel as Monsieur Hawarden / Meriora Gillibrand Hilde Uitterlinden as Victorine Joan Remmelts as Rentmeester Deschamps Dora van der Groen as Mw.	Monsieur Hawarden	Ellen Vogel
cast member	While Parents Sleep is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Jean Gillie, Enid Stamp Taylor and Romilly Lunge.	While Parents Sleep	Jean Gillie	Enid Stamp Taylor	Romilly Lunge
cast member	Nelly Frijda as Ma Flodder Huub Stapel as son Johnny Flodder	Flodder	Nelly Frijda	Huub Stapel
cast member	Ruk Jung (Thai: รักจัง; rtgs: Rak Chang; English title The Memory; literal translation, ``So Much Love'') is a 2006 Thai romantic-comedy film directed by Haeman Chatemee and starring ``Film'' Ratchaphoom Tokongsup and Paula Taylor.	Ruk Jung	Paula Taylor
cast member	Omega Doom is a 1996 American science-fiction action film directed by Albert Pyun and starring Rutger Hauer.	Omega Doom	Rutger Hauer
cast member	Wiretapper is a 1955 crime action biopic directed by Dick Ross, written by John O'Dea, starring Bill Williams, Georgia Lee and Douglas Kennedy.	Wiretapper	Bill Williams
cast member	Riders of the Whistling Skull is a 1937 ``Three Mesquiteers'' Western B-movie of the weird western genre starring Bob Livingston, Ray ``Crash'' Corrigan, and ventriloquist Max Terhune with his dummy Elmer.	Riders of the Whistling Skull	Bob Livingston	Max Terhune
cast member	P.K. and the Kid (also known as Petaluma Pride) is a drama film directed by Lou Lombardo and starring Paul Le Mat, Molly Ringwald and Alex Rocco.	P.K. and the Kid	Paul Le Mat
cast member	The Woman's Angle is 1952 British drama film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Edward Underdown, Cathy O'Donnell and Lois Maxwell.	The Woman's Angle	Edward Underdown
cast member	Unexpected Uncle is a 1941 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Godfrey, and starring Charles Coburn, Anne Shirley, and James Craig.	Unexpected Uncle	Charles Coburn	Anne Shirley	James Craig
cast member	Flames of Passion (1922) was a British silent film drama directed by Graham Cutts, starred Mae Marsh and C. Aubrey Smith.	Flames of Passion	Mae Marsh	C. Aubrey Smith
cast member	Strike of Thunderkick Tiger is 1982 Action drama film starring Casanova Wong and Charles Han.	Strike of Thunderkick Tiger	Casanova Wong
cast member	The film stars Troy Donahue, Sabrina, Elizabeth Campbell, Emilio Fernández, Germán Robles, and Pedro Armendáriz, Jr. A digitally restored version of The Phantom Gunslinger was released in December 2013.	The Phantom Gunslinger	Troy Donahue	Sabrina
cast member	Edmea Lari as Maria, detta 'a Madunnella' Aldo Bufi Landi as Mario Rino Genovese as Michele il contrabbandiere Ugo D'Alessio as Il ragionere, padre di Maria Vittoria Crispo Giovanni Berardi Alberto Amato Natale Montillo	Madunnella	Ugo D'Alessio	Vittoria Crispo
cast member	For Singles Only is a 1968 Eastmancolor comedy film directed by Arthur Dreifuss, written by Hal Collins, starring John Saxon, Mary Ann Mobley and Lana Wood.	For Singles Only	John Saxon
cast member	Up in Arms (1944) is a film directed by Elliott Nugent, and starring Danny Kaye and Dinah Shore.	Up in Arms	Danny Kaye	Dinah Shore
cast member	The Son of Dr. Jekyll is a 1951 American historical horror film directed by Seymour Friedman and starring Louis Hayward, Jody Lawrance, Lester Matthews and Alexander Knox.	The Son of Dr. Jekyll	Louis Hayward	Jody Lawrance	Lester Matthews	Alexander Knox
cast member	El as de oros (``The Ace of Diamonds'') is a 1968 Mexican film, directed by Chano Urueta, starring Manuel Capetillo, Flor Silvestre, Regina Torné, and Antonio Aguilar (as himself in a cameo role).	El as de oros	Manuel Capetillo	Flor Silvestre	Regina Torné	Antonio Aguilar
cast member	Oru Small Family (Malayalam: ഒരു സ്മോൾ ഫാമിലി) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan, starring Rajasenan, Seetha, Kailash and Ananya.	Oru Small Family	Rajasenan	Seetha	Ananya
cast member	Bad Teacher is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Jake Kasdan based on a screenplay by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky, starring Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Lucy Punch and Jason Segel.	Bad Teacher	Cameron Diaz	Justin Timberlake	Lucy Punch	Jason Segel
cast member	A Thunder of Drums is a 1961 Western directed by Joseph M. Newman, starring Richard Boone, George Hamilton and Luana Patten.	A Thunder of Drums	Richard Boone	George Hamilton	Luana Patten
cast member	The Deadly Duo is a 1971 Hong Kong Wuxia film directed by Chang Cheh, and starring David Chiang and Ti Lung.	The Deadly Duo	David Chiang
cast member	Kochu Kochu Santhoshangal (English: Small Bouts of Happiness) is a 2000 Malayalam film by Sathyan Anthikkad starring Jayaram and his son Kalidas Jayaram.	Kochu Kochu Santhoshangal	Jayaram
cast member	Ruth Chatterton as Frisco Jenny Sandoval Louis Calhern as Steve Dutton Helen Jerome Eddy as Amah Donald Cook as Dan Reynolds James Murray as Dan McAllister Hallam Cooley as Willie Gleason Pat O'Malley as Policeman Pat O'Hoolihan Harold Huber as George Weaver Robert Emmett O'Connor as Jim Sandoval Willard Robertson as Police Captain Tom	Frisco Jenny	Donald Cook	Harold Huber	Willard Robertson
cast member	Mourning Grave (Hangul: 소녀괴담; RR: Sonyeogoedam; lit. ``Girl Ghost Story'') is a 2014 South Korean mystery horror film starring Kang Ha-neul and Kim So-eun.	Mourning Grave	Kang Ha-neul
cast member	Facing the Giants is a 2006 American Christian drama film directed by and starring Alex Kendrick.	Facing the Giants	Alex Kendrick
cast member	Rasputin and the Empress is a 1932 film about Imperial Russia starring the Barrymore siblings (John, as ``Prince Chegodieff''; Ethel, as Czarina Alexandra; and Lionel Barrymore, as Grigori Rasputin).	Rasputin and the Empress	Lionel Barrymore
cast member	Srinatha Kavi Sarvabhowmudu is a 1993 Telugu, biographical film directed by Bapu starring N. T. Rama Rao, and Jaya Sudha.	Srinatha Kavi Sarvabhowmudu	N. T. Rama Rao
cast member	The Goddess of Lost Lake is a 1918 American silent era drama film starring Louise Glaum, Lawson Butt, and Hayward Mack.	The Goddess of Lost Lake	Louise Glaum	Lawson Butt	Hayward Mack
cast member	Disco Godfather, also known as The Avenging Disco Godfather, is a 1979 action film starring Rudy Ray Moore and Carol Speed, directed by J. Robert Wagoner and released by Transvue Pictures.	Disco Godfather	Rudy Ray Moore	Carol Speed
cast member	Where the Bullets Fly is a 1966 British comedy spy film directed by John Gilling and starring Tom Adams as Charles Vine and John Arnatt repeating their roles from Licensed to Kill (aka The Second Best Secret Agent in the Whole Wide World).	Where the Bullets Fly	Tom Adams
cast member	His Name Was King (Italian: Lo chiamavano King) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Giancarlo Romitelli and starring Klaus Kinski.	His Name Was King	Klaus Kinski
cast member	Produced in part by Peter Lawford, Johnny Cool features a cast that also includes Mort Sahl, Telly Savalas, Jim Backus, Joey Bishop, and Sammy Davis, Jr., who also sings the theme song.	Johnny Cool	Telly Savalas	Jim Backus	Joey Bishop	Sammy Davis, Jr.
cast member	Something Beneath is a 2007 Canadian suspense film directed by David Winning and stars Kevin Sorbo, Natalie Brown and Brendan Beiser.	Something Beneath	Kevin Sorbo	Natalie Brown	Brendan Beiser
cast member	A novice named Viridiana (Silvia Pinal) is about to take her vows when her uncle, Don Jaime (Fernando Rey), invites her to visit him.	Viridiana	Silvia Pinal	Fernando Rey
cast member	Barney Oldfield's Race for a Life (1913) is a silent comedy short, directed and produced by Mack Sennett and starring Sennett, Mabel Normand, and Barney Oldfield as himself.	Barney Oldfield's Race for a Life	Mack Sennett	Mabel Normand
cast member	Gold Diggers of Broadway is a 1929 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Winnie Lightner and Nick Lucas.	Gold Diggers of Broadway	Winnie Lightner	Nick Lucas
cast member	Days of Tomorrow (天長地久) is a 1993 Hong Kong romantic drama film written and directed by Jeffrey Lau, produced by and starring Andy Lau.	Days of Tomorrow	Andy Lau
cast member	Nasihat is a 1986 Hindi film directed and produced by Aravind Sen. Rajesh Khanna, Shabana Azmi play the lead roles and supported by Mithun Chakraborty and Deepti Naval.	Nasihat	Rajesh Khanna	Shabana Azmi	Mithun Chakraborty	Deepti Naval
cast member	Honor of the Family is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film released by First National Pictures (a subsidiary of Warner Bros.), starring Bebe Daniels and Warren William.	Honor of the Family	Bebe Daniels	Warren William
cast member	Cigarettes & Coffee is a 1993 short film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson starring Philip Baker Hall.	Cigarettes & Coffee	Philip Baker Hall
cast member	The September Issue is a 2009 American documentary film about the behind-the-scenes drama that follows editor-in-chief Anna Wintour and her staff during the production of the September 2007 issue of American Vogue magazine.	The September Issue	Anna Wintour
cast member	Phantom of Chinatown is a 1940 American mystery film directed by Phil Rosen starring Keye Luke.	Phantom of Chinatown	Keye Luke
cast member	Mere Hamdam Mere Dost is a 1968 film starring Dharmendra, Sharmila Tagore, Rehman, Mumtaz and Om Prakash.	Mere Hamdam Mere Dost	Dharmendra	Sharmila Tagore	Rehman
cast member	The Court Concert (German:Das Hofkonzert) is a 1936 German historical romantic comedy film directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Mártha Eggerth, Johannes Heesters and Kurt Meisel.	The Court Concert	Johannes Heesters	Kurt Meisel
cast member	Det største spillet (English: The Greatest Gamble) is a 1967 Norwegian war drama directed by Knut Bohwim, starring Gard Øyen, Carl Henrik Størmer and Sverre Anker Ousdal.	Det største spillet	Sverre Anker Ousdal
cast member	The Man Behind the Gun is a 1953 Western film starring Randolph Scott about the establishment of the city of Los Angeles.	The Man Behind the Gun	Randolph Scott
cast member	Slow Video (Hangul: 슬로우 비디오; RR: Seullou Bidio) is a 2014 South Korean comedy film written and directed by Kim Young-tak, starring Cha Tae-hyun and Nam Sang-mi.	Slow Video	Cha Tae-hyun
cast member	Amman Kovil Vaasalile (Tamil: அம்மன் கோவில் வாசலிலே) is a 1996 Indian Tamil film, directed by Ramarajan and produced by S. Rajaram.	Amman Kovil Vaasalile	Ramarajan
cast member	A Girl of London is a 1925 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Genevieve Townsend, Ian Hunter and Nora Swinburne.	A Girl of London	Genevieve Townsend	Ian Hunter
cast member	Vaa Arugil Vaa is a 1991 Kollywood horror film starring Ramya Krishnan.	Vaa Arugil Vaa	Ramya Krishnan
cast member	The Woman in Green is a 1945 American film, the eleventh of the fourteen Sherlock Holmes films based on the characters created by Arthur Conan Doyle, starring Basil Rathbone as Sherlock Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Dr. Watson, with Hillary Brooke as the woman of the title and Henry Daniell as Professor Moriarty.	The Woman in Green	Basil Rathbone	Nigel Bruce	Hillary Brooke	Henry Daniell
cast member	The Angels' Share is a Scottish comedy-drama film directed by Ken Loach, starring Paul Brannigan, John Henshaw, William Ruane, Gary Maitland, Jasmin Riggins, and Siobhan Reilly.	The Angels' Share	Paul Brannigan	John Henshaw	William Ruane
cast member	Tombstone Territory is an American Western series starring Pat Conway and Richard Eastham.	Tombstone Territory	Pat Conway	Richard Eastham
cast member	Dead Bodies is a 2003 Irish drama film by Robert Quinn starring Andrew Scott, Katy Davis, Eamonn Owens, Darren Healy and Kelly Reilly.	Dead Bodies	Andrew Scott	Eamonn Owens	Kelly Reilly
cast member	Pals of the Saddle is a 1938 ``Three Mesquiteers'' Western film starring John Wayne and directed by George Sherman.	Pals of the Saddle	John Wayne
cast member	Dojo Kanojo Cho (voiced by Wayne Knight in Xiaolin Showdown, Paul Rugg in the video game, and Michael Donovan in Xiaolin Chronicles) --	Xiaolin Showdown	Wayne Knight
cast member	Day of the Evil Gun is a 1968 American traditional western starring Glenn Ford, Arthur Kennedy, and Dean Jagger.	Day of the Evil Gun	Glenn Ford	Arthur Kennedy	Dean Jagger
cast member	B-And-B was a British sitcom starring Bernard Braden, his wife Barbara Kelly and their daughter Kim Braden.	B-And-B	Bernard Braden	Barbara Kelly	Kim Braden
cast member	Broadway Musketeers is a 1938 dramatic film directed by John Farrow for Warner Bros. Starring Margaret Lindsay, Ann Sheridan and Marie Wilson as three women who grew up in an orphanage and cross paths later in life, it is a remake of the earlier Warners film, Three on a Match.	Broadway Musketeers	Ann Sheridan
cast member	Kill Keith is a 2011 British comedy horror film starring Susannah Fielding, Simon Phillips, and Keith Chegwin.	Kill Keith	Susannah Fielding	Keith Chegwin
cast member	The Lily and the Rose; sometimes Lily of the Rose is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Paul Powell and starring Lillian Gish.	The Lily and the Rose	Lillian Gish
cast member	Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai is a Pakistani Urdu Film starring Veena Malik, Babrak Shah, Ajab Gul, Sana Nawaz and Arbaaz Khan.	Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai	Veena Malik
cast member	Ladies in Love (1936) is a romantic comedy film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Janet Gaynor, Constance Bennett and Loretta Young.	Ladies in Love	Janet Gaynor	Constance Bennett	Loretta Young
cast member	Chodhyam is an unreleased Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by G. S. Vijayan, starring Rahman and Rupini in lead roles.	Chodhyam	Rahman
cast member	The Vatican Affair (Italian: A qualsiasi prezzo) is a 1968 Italian crime film directed by Emilio Miraglia and starring Klaus Kinski.	The Vatican Affair	Klaus Kinski
cast member	His Father's Portrait (French: Le Portrait de son père) is a 1953 French comedy film starring Brigitte Bardot.	His Father's Portrait	Brigitte Bardot
cast member	The Wrong Move stars Rüdiger Vogler and Hanna Schygulla and notably was the film debut of Nastassja Kinski, who later played one of the leading roles in Wenders' film Paris, Texas (1984), as well as appearing in his Faraway, So Close (1993).	The Wrong Move	Rüdiger Vogler	Hanna Schygulla	Nastassja Kinski
cast member	Mere Sajana Saath Nibhana is a 1992 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Rajesh Vakil, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Juhi Chawla, Shantipriya and Prem Chopra.	Mere Sajana Saath Nibhana	Mithun Chakraborty	Juhi Chawla	Shantipriya	Prem Chopra
cast member	It Happened on Fifth Avenue (1947) is a motion picture comedy, directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Victor Moore, Ann Harding, Don DeFore, Charles Ruggles and Gale Storm.	It Happened on Fifth Avenue	Victor Moore	Ann Harding	Don DeFore	Charles Ruggles	Gale Storm
cast member	Douchebags and Donuts is a stand up DVD hosted by comedian Denis Leary, released by Comedy Central.	Douchebags and Donuts	Denis Leary
cast member	Simple Sis is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Herman C. Raymaker and starring Louise Fazenda, Clyde Cook and Myrna Loy.	Simple Sis	Louise Fazenda
cast member	The Rock 'n' Roll Dreams of Duncan Christopher is an American independent comedy film written by Jack Roberts and directed by Justin Monroe.	The Rock 'n' Roll Dreams of Duncan Christopher	Jack Roberts
cast member	Bollywood/Hollywood centres on the character of Rahul Seth (Rahul Khanna), a young, rich, Indo-Canadian living in Toronto whose widowed mother (Moushumi Chatterjee) is eager to get him married after the freak-accidental death of his white pop singer girlfriend, Kimberly (Jessica Paré).	Bollywood/Hollywood	Moushumi Chatterjee	Jessica Paré
cast member	De l'autre côté du lit (English: Changing Sides) is a 2008 French comedy film directed by Pascale Pouzadoux and starring Sophie Marceau and Dany Boon.	De l'autre côté du lit	Sophie Marceau	Dany Boon
cast member	Kaliyil Alpam Karyam is a 1984 Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad and starring Mohanlal, Neelima, Rahman, Jagathi Sreekumar and Lizy in the lead roles.	Kaliyil Alpam Karyam	Mohanlal	Rahman	Lizy
cast member	Johnny Cool is a 1963 crime film directed by William Asher based on the novel The Kingdom of Johnny Cool by John McPartland which stars Henry Silva and Elizabeth Montgomery.	Johnny Cool	Henry Silva	Elizabeth Montgomery
cast member	The Young Girl and the Monsoon is a 1999 comedy-drama film from Monsoon Productions and starring Terry Kinney and Ellen Muth.	The Young Girl and the Monsoon	Terry Kinney	Ellen Muth
cast member	Americathon (also known as Americathon 1998) is a 1979 American comedy film starring John Ritter, Fred Willard, Peter Riegert, Harvey Korman, and Nancy Morgan, with narration by George Carlin, based on a play by Firesign Theatre alumni Phil Proctor and Peter Bergman.	Americathon	John Ritter	Fred Willard	Peter Riegert	Harvey Korman
cast member	Young Bill Hickok is a 1940 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers	Young Bill Hickok	Roy Rogers
cast member	The Wild and the Willing is a 1962 British romantic drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Virginia Maskell, Paul Rogers, Ian McShane, Samantha Eggar and John Hurt.	The Wild and the Willing	Virginia Maskell
cast member	Population 436 is a 2006 mystery-horror film starring Jeremy Sisto, Fred Durst, Peter Outerbridge, and Charlotte Sullivan.	Population 436	Jeremy Sisto	Fred Durst	Peter Outerbridge	Charlotte Sullivan
cast member	Shiva Manasulo Shruti (abbreviated as SMS) is a 2012 Telugu romantic comedy film directed by Tatineni Satya and produced by Vikram Raju under Vega Entertainment it stars Sudheer Babu and Regina Cassandra.It is a remake of the successful 2009 Tamil film Siva Manasula Sakthi by M. Rajesh.	Shiva Manasulo Shruti	Sudheer Babu
cast member	Video Days is the first movie/video directed by Spike Jonze and stars Mark Gonzales, Rudy Johnson, Jason Lee, Guy Mariano and Jordan Richter.	Video Days	Mark Gonzales	Jason Lee	Guy Mariano
cast member	Cheyenne Warrior is a 1994 American film written by Michael B. Druxman, directed by Mark Griffiths, and stars Kelly Preston, Dan Haggerty and Pato Hoffmann.	Cheyenne Warrior	Kelly Preston
cast member	Happiness Ahead is a 1934 film directed by Mervyn LeRoy and starring Dick Powell with Josephine Hutchinson.	Happiness Ahead	Dick Powell
cast member	Why Men Work is a 1924 short comedy film featuring Charley Chase, directed by Leo McCarey The Los Angeles Times described it as ``the adventures of an amateur news-reel photographer when he attempts to take some pictures of a visiting governor''.	Why Men Work	Charley Chase
cast member	This World, Then the Fireworks is a 1997 American neo-noir film directed by Michael Oblowitz, starring Billy Zane, Gina Gershon and Sheryl Lee.	This World, Then the Fireworks	Billy Zane
cast member	Raise Your Voice is a 2004 American teen musical drama film directed by Sean McNamara.	Raise Your Voice	Sean McNamara
cast member	Her Sister's Secret is a 1946 drama film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Nancy Coleman, Margaret Lindsay, Phillip Reed, and Regis Toomey.	Her Sister's Secret	Nancy Coleman
cast member	Munimji (Hindi: मुनीमजी, translation: Clerk) is a 1955 Bollywood movie starring Dev Anand and Nalini Jaywant, and directed by Subodh Mukherjee.	Munimji	Dev Anand	Nalini Jaywant
cast member	Braker is a 1985 American TV movie starred by Carl Weathers and Joseph Bottoms in the main roles.	Braker	Carl Weathers
cast member	The Underground Comedy Movie is a 1999 film directed by and starring Vince Offer.	The Underground Comedy Movie	Vince Offer
cast member	Dying Room Only is a 1973 American television horror film directed by Philip Leacock and starring Cloris Leachman and Ned Beatty.	Dying Room Only	Cloris Leachman
cast member	Go, Man, Go! is a 1954 sports film starring Dane Clark, Sidney Poitier, Ruby Dee, Patricia Breslin and The Harlem Globetrotters.	Go, Man, Go!	Dane Clark
cast member	Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers (1984) is the sixth feature-length film starring the comedy duo Cheech and Chong.	Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers	Cheech and Chong
cast member	Oysters at Nam Kee's (Dutch: Oesters van Nam Kee) is a 2002 Dutch drama film, directed by Pollo de Pimentel, starring Katja Schuurman and Egbert Jan Weeber.	Oysters at Nam Kee's	Katja Schuurman
cast member	For Your Height Only (also known as For Y'ur Height Only) is a 1981 Filipino comedy/action movie starring Weng Weng.	For Your Height Only	Weng Weng
cast member	One True Love is a 2008 Philippine romantic film directed by Mac Alejandre, starring Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera, with Iza Calzado.	One True Love	Dingdong Dantes	Marian Rivera	Iza Calzado
cast member	An Andalusian Gentleman (Spanish:Un caballero andaluz) is a 1954 Spanish musical film directed by Luis Lucia and starring Jorge Mistral, Carmen Sevilla and Manuel Luna.	An Andalusian Gentleman	Jorge Mistral
cast member	The Kids in the Hall is a Canadian sketch comedy group formed in 1984, consisting of comedians Dave Foley, Kevin McDonald, Bruce McCulloch, Mark McKinney, and Scott Thompson.	The Kids in the Hall	Dave Foley	Kevin McDonald	Bruce McCulloch	Mark McKinney	Scott Thompson
cast member	Aag Aandhi Aur Toofan is a 1994 Hindi language movie directed by Kanti Shah and starring Mukesh Khanna, Mukesh Goyal and Sadhana Singh.	Aag Aandhi Aur Toofan	Mukesh Khanna
cast member	Baja Oklahoma was a 1988 HBO Original Film starring Lesley Ann Warren.	Baja Oklahoma	Lesley Ann Warren
cast member	Norbit is also belittled by Rasputia's older brothers, Big Black Jack (Terry Crews), Blue (Lester 'Rasta' Speight), and Earl (Clifton Powell), working as a bookkeeper at their local construction company.	Norbit	Clifton Powell
cast member	Thai Maaman (Tamil: Thai Maaman) is a 1994 Indian Tamil film starring Sathyaraj, Meena, Goundamani and Manivannan in prominent roles.	Thai Maaman	Sathyaraj	Meena	Goundamani	Manivannan
cast member	The Humming Bird (also known as Les loups de Montmartre) is a 1924 American silent crime drama film directed by Sidney Olcott and starring Gloria Swanson.	The Humming Bird	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Some characters, as well as tone, were inspired by Tennessee Williams' 1955 play, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, a film adaptation of which - also starring Paul Newman - was released five months after the release of The Long, Hot Summer.	The Long, Hot Summer	Paul Newman
cast member	Treasure Inn is a 2011 Hong Kong wuxia comedy film directed by Wong Jing and Corey Yuen, starring Nicholas Tse, Nick Cheung, Charlene Choi, Liu Yang, Tong Dawei and Huang Yi.	Treasure Inn	Nicholas Tse	Nick Cheung	Charlene Choi	Tong Dawei	Huang Yi
cast member	Poi Solla Porom (Tamil: பொய் சொல்ல போறோம்; English: We Are Going to Lie) is a Tamil comedy film starring Nedumudi Venu, Karthik Kumar and Piaa Bajpai released in 2008.	Poi Solla Porom	Nedumudi Venu	Karthik Kumar	Piaa Bajpai
cast member	The Funny Side was hosted by Gene Kelly and starred five pairs of actors and actresses who were presented as married couples (although only one was married in real life).	The Funny Side	Gene Kelly
cast member	Iyer the Great is a 1990 Malayalam language psychological thriller film directed by Bhadran and starring Mammootty, Geetha, Sukumari and Devan.	Iyer the Great	Mammootty	Geetha	Sukumari	Devan
cast member	Francesco Puricelli / Count Tacchia Vittorio Gassman:	Count Tacchia	Vittorio Gassman
cast member	The Saddle King is a 1921 short Western film directed by Edward Laemmle and featuring Hoot Gibson.	The Saddle King	Hoot Gibson
cast member	The Company She Keeps is a 1951 film drama starring Lizabeth Scott, Jane Greer, and Dennis O'Keefe.	The Company She Keeps	Lizabeth Scott	Jane Greer
cast member	Poongsan (Hangul: 풍산개; hanja: 豊山개; RR: Pungsangae; MR: P'ungsan'gae; lit. ``Phungsan Dog'') is a 2011 South Korean thriller film directed by Juhn Jai-hong, starring Yoon Kye-sang and Kim Gyu-ri.	Poongsan	Yoon Kye-sang	Kim Gyu-ri
cast member	Curse of the Crimson Altar is a 1968 British horror film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Christopher Lee, Boris Karloff, Barbara Steele and Mark Eden.	Curse of the Crimson Altar	Christopher Lee	Boris Karloff	Barbara Steele	Mark Eden
cast member	A Killing Spring is a Canadian TV thriller screened in 2002, directed by Stephen Williams and starring Wendy Crewson, Kim Schraner.	A Killing Spring	Wendy Crewson
cast member	I'm Dangerous Tonight is a 1990 American horror television film, directed by Tobe Hooper and starring Mädchen Amick.	I'm Dangerous Tonight	Mädchen Amick
cast member	The Amazing Mr. Bickford is a video released by Frank Zappa in 1987, containing orchestral pieces by Zappa set to the clay animation of Bruce Bickford.	The Amazing Mr. Bickford	Frank Zappa	Bruce Bickford
cast member	Preah Vesandor is a 1993 musical movie starring Tep Rundaro, Pisith Pilika, Oum Sovanny, Ampor Tevi and other stars of the time.	Preah Vesandor	Tep Rundaro	Pisith Pilika	Ampor Tevi
child	In around 948 'Imad al-Dawla named Rukn al-Dawla's eldest son, Fana Khusrau ('Adud al-Dawla) as his successor.	Rukn al-Dawla	Adud al-Dawla
child	Andocides was the son of Leogoras, and was born in Athens around 440 BCE.	Andocides	Leogoras
child	Hygelac ordered in his boar standard, a suit of armour, and a sword given to him by Hrothgar who had received it from his brother *Heorogar and once promised to Heoroweard and gave it all to Beowulf to use well.''	Heorogar	Heoroweard
child	In Greek mythology, Laomedon (/leɪˈɒmɨdɒn/; Ancient Greek: Λαομέδων) was a Trojan king, son of Ilus, nephew of Ganymede and Assaracus, and father of Priam, Astyoche, Lampus, Hicetaon, Clytius, Cilla, Proclia, Aethilla, Medesicaste, Clytodora, and Hesione.	Laomedon	Priam
child	Married to Marly Sarney, his children are Congressman José Sarney Filho, Governor Roseana Sarney, and the businessman Fernando Sarney.	José Sarney	Sarney Filho	Roseana Sarney	Fernando Sarney
child	Zhou Yongkang has two sons, Zhou Bin (周滨) and Zhou Han (周涵), with his first wife, Wang Shuhua (王淑华), whom he met while working in the oilfields of Liaoning province.	Zhou Yongkang	Zhou Han
child	His elder son was the Rev. Frederic Festus Kelly, vicar of Camberwell, Surrey (1838--1918), whose children (his grandchildren) included the painter Sir Gerald Festus Kelly and Rose Edith Kelly, who married Aleister Crowley.	Frederic Festus Kelly	Rose Edith Kelly
child	After Shantanu's death, Chitrangada became the king of Hastinapura.	Shantanu	Chitrangada
child	Odin will be consumed by the wolf, yet Odin's son Víðarr will avenge him by stabbing the wolf in the heart.	Odin	Víðarr
child	Inna Makarova was married to Sergei Bondarchuk and is the mother of Natalya Bondarchuk.	Inna Makarova	Natalya Bondarchuk
child	Cinyras was reported to have fathered a number of children, including Mygdalion (who led his only real ship to Troy), Adonis and Myrrha.	Cinyras	Myrrha
child	On July 28, 1998 Xuxa gave birth to Sasha Meneghel Szafir, a daughter she had with the businessman and actor Luciano Szafir.	Xuxa	Sasha Meneghel
child	Dardanus' children by Batea were Ilus, Erichthonius, Idaea and Zacynthus.	Dardanus	Ilus
child	Having secured his family's control of Cao Wei, Sima Yi died in 251 and was succeeded by his son Sima Shi.	Sima Yi	Sima Shi
child	Through his Nestorian Christian wife Sorghaghtani Beki, Tolui fathered Möngke, Kublai, Ariq Böke, and Hulagu, and thus was the progenitor of the Great Khans, of the Emperors of the Yuan Dynasty, and of the Il-Khans.	Tolui	Ariq Böke
child	Carl Johan Trygg (1877--1954) Carl Olof Trygg (1910--1993) Nils Johan Trygg (1914--1951) Lars Trygg Trygg family wood carvings are still sought after today as collectibles.	Carl Johan Trygg	Lars Trygg
child	The third daughter Scylla was responsible for Nisos' death.	Nisos	Scylla
child	Pervaiz Kaleem is the father of the editor and director Adeel pk, the father and son duo have recently worked together in movies such as Moosa Khan, Pehla Sajda, Shiddat and Bhai Log.	Pervaiz Kaleem	Adeel pk
child	In Greek mythology, Hesperius (``evening'') was (according to one account) the daughter of Hesperus, and the mother of the Hesperides by Atlas.	Hesperius	Hesperides
child	Richard Ney was the father of Rick Dufay, former guitarist for Aerosmith, and grandfather of actress Minka Kelly.	Richard Ney	Rick Dufay
child	Miguel Trovoada's son Patrice Trovoada is also a politician and served as Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe in 2008.	Miguel Trovoada	Patrice Trovoada
child	Wihtgils (fl. 5th century) was a semi-legendary Jutish chieftain who, according to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, was the father of Hengest and Horsa:	Wihtgils	Horsa
child	His son Georges Vallerey, Jr. and daughter Gisèle Vallerey also became Olympic swimmers.	Georges Vallerey	Gisèle Vallerey
child	In 1748 when Ahmad Shah Abdali attacked and deposed Muhammad Shah, his son Anwer Ali escaped to his grand aunt Princess Jahanara Begum & hid in a place in Arrah, Bihar which was infested with bears which was later named as Bhaluhipur.	Muhammad Shah	Anwer Ali
child	Princess Kannikakaew, Krom Khun Kattiyakalaya (1855--1882) Prince Chitchareon, Krom Phraya Narisara Nuvadtivongs (1863--1947) As she was the aunt of Chulalongkorn (Rama V) (Queen Debsirindra's son), Mom Chao Chae was elevated to Phra Ong Chao Phannarai in 1900.	Phannarai	Princess Kannikakaew, Krom Khun Kattiyakalaya	Narisara Nuvadtivongs
conflict	Prior to the Gulf War, Kuwait ordered 170 M-84ABs, 15 M-84ABI ARVs and 15 M-84ABK command tanks, from Yugoslavia.	M-84	Gulf War
conflict	Wolfgang Ewald was shot down by Soviet flak in July 1943 during the Battle of Kursk.	Wolfgang Ewald	Battle of Kursk
conflict	Sergent André Robert Lévy was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	André Robert Lévy	World War I
conflict	Joseph Andrew Jackson Lightburn (September 21, 1824 -- May 17, 1901) was a farmer, soldier and Baptist Minister, most famous for his service as a Union general during the American Civil War.	Joseph Andrew Jackson Lightburn	American Civil War
conflict	Alexander Crawford (1842 -- March 17, 1886) was a sailor in the United States Navy who served in the American Civil War.	Alexander Crawford	American Civil War
conflict	The Winans Steam Gun was a steam-powered centrifugal gun used during the American Civil War, which used centrifugal forces (rather than gunpowder) to propel projectiles.	Winans Steam Gun	American Civil War
conflict	Karl Buckel (12 June 1920 -- 2 September 1997) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Karl Buckel	World War II
conflict	Lieutenant-General John Plumptre Carr Glyn KCB (11 January 1837 -- 28 March 1912) was a British general who saw active service in the Crimean War and the Anglo-Ashanti War.	John Plumptre Carr Glyn	Crimean War
conflict	Enlisted in 1965, Nguyễn Huy Hiệu fought in various battlefields during Vietnam War, especially the Battle of Quảng Trị where he was appointed commander of battalion at the age of 23.	Nguyễn Huy Hiệu	Vietnam War
conflict	Rear Admiral Albert Kautz (January 29, 1839 -- February 6, 1907) was an officer of the United States Navy who served during and after the American Civil War.	Albert Kautz	American Civil War
conflict	Charles Cawetzka (March 1, 1877 Detroit, Michigan -- October 23, 1951) was a United States Army soldier received the Medal of Honor for actions on August 23, 1900 during the Philippine-- American War.	Charles Cawetzka	Philippine-- American War
conflict	Gerhard Krems (born 4 May 1920) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Gerhard Krems	World War II
conflict	Daniel Phineas Woodbury (1812 -- August 15, 1864) was an American soldier and an engineer during the American Civil War.	Daniel Phineas Woodbury	American Civil War
conflict	Eduard Skrzipek (26 June 1917 -- 25 February 1945) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves.	Eduard Skrzipek	World War II
conflict	Gerhard Brenner (29 August 1918 -- 29 June 1942) was a German World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Gerhard Brenner	World War II
conflict	Arthur Thomas Thrupp (8 June 1828 -- 4 May 1889) was an officer of the British Royal Navy during the Crimean War and the Second Opium War, who held several sea commands, including Megaera, which he deliberately beached at the isolated Île Saint-Paul when she became unseaworthy.	Arthur Thomas Thrupp	Crimean War
conflict	Charles Saligny de San-Germano, also called Charles, Baron Saligny, was a French military leader in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars.	Charles Saligny de San-Germano	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Sergeant Richard G. Desautels was a United States Army corporal who was captured on December 1, 1950 at Sonchu by communist forces and not returned by North Korea at the end of the fighting of the Korean War.	Richard G. Desautels	Korean War
conflict	Henry F. W. Little (June 27, 1842 -- February 7, 1907) was a Sergeant in the 7th New Hampshire Infantry, Union Army, and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War.	Henry F. W. Little	American Civil War
conflict	He was known as Prince Maurice of Battenberg throughout his life, since he died before the British Royal Family relinquished their German titles during World War I and the Battenbergs changed their name to Mountbatten.	Prince Maurice of Battenberg	World War I
conflict	Edward Trenchard (1785--1824) was a captain of the United States Navy, who saw service in the Quasi-War with France, the First Barbary War, the War of 1812, and the Second Barbary War.	Edward Trenchard	Quasi-War	First Barbary War	War of 1812	Second Barbary War
conflict	Derek Knee (22 October 1922 -- 18 March 2014) was a British Army intelligence officer during World War II who was the interpreter and translator for Field Marshal Montgomery at the German surrender at Lüneburg Heath in Germany on 3 May 1945.	Derek Knee	World War II
conflict	In 1250, only ten years before the battle of Ain Jalut, the same Bahariyya Mamluks (Qutuz, Baibars and Qalawun) led Egypt against the Seventh Crusade of King Louis IX of France.	Qutuz	Seventh Crusade
conflict	Julius von Verdy du Vernois (19 July 1832 -- 30 September 1910), often given the short name of Verdy, was a German general and staff officer, chiefly noted both for his military writings and his service on Graf Moltke's staff during the Franco-Prussian War.	Julius von Verdy du Vernois	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	Rudolf Bacherer (19 June 1895 -- 6 July 1964) was a highly decorated Oberst of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II who held several regimental commands.	Rudolf Bacherer	World War II
conflict	Private Daniel Farren (born 1848 -- unknown) was an Irish-born soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars.	Daniel Farren	Apache Wars
conflict	Johannes Soodla (14 January 1897 in Kudina Parish, (now in Palamuse Parish) -- 16 May 1965) was an Estonian military officer during World War I, Estonian War of Independence and World War II, serving in Kuperjanov's Partisan Battalion and the 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian).	Johannes Soodla	World War I	Estonian War of Independence	World War II
conflict	The Mauser HSc is a 7.65mm pistol made in Nazi Germany during World War II and post-war.	Mauser HSc	World War II
conflict	Pierre Pouyade (25 June 1911- 5 September 1979) was a French Air Force general, World War II flying ace, and one of the commanders of the Normandie-Niemen squadron.	Pierre Pouyade	World War II
conflict	Adjutant-Chef Antoine Laplasse was a World War I balloon buster and flying ace credited with eight aerial victories, six of which were against observation balloons.	Antoine Laplasse	World War I
conflict	Oberleutnant Walter Ewers (11 May 1892 -- 15 May 1918) was a World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories.	Walter Ewers	World War I
conflict	Mato Dukovac (23 October 1918 -- September 1990) was the leading Croatian fighter ace of World War II, credited with between 40 and 44 confirmed kills.	Mato Dukovac	World War II
conflict	Between 1912 and 1913, together with Garegin Nzhdeh, Andranik led a few hundred Armenian volunteers within the Bulgarian army against the Ottomans during the First Balkan War.	Andranik	First Balkan War
conflict	Archie Clement (January 1, 1846 -- December 13, 1866), a.k.a. ``Little Arch'', was a pro-Confederate guerrilla leader in the American Civil War, known for his brutality towards Union soldiers and pro-Union civilians in Missouri.	Archie Clement	American Civil War
conflict	Christodoulos Hatzipetros (Greek: Χριστόδουλος Χατζηπέτρος, 1799--1869) was a Greek military leader during the Greek War of Independence, who became a general and adjutant to King Otto of Greece after Independence.	Christodoulos Hatzipetros	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Georg Hartog Gerson (25 August 1788 -- 3 December 1844) was a medical doctor and surgeon in the King's German Legion during the Napoleonic Wars.	Georg Hartog Gerson	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	General Jacobus Herculaas de la Rey (22 October 1847 -- 15 September 1914), known as Koos de la Rey, was a Boer general during the Second Boer War and is widely regarded as being one of the strongest military leaders during that conflict.	Koos de la Rey	Second Boer War
conflict	Brigadier Duncan Sayre MacInnes CMG DSO (21 February 1860 -- 23 May 1918) was a Canadian soldier and engineer who served in South Africa before, during and after the Second Boer War.	Duncan Sayre MacInnes	Second Boer War
conflict	Johann-Alfred Klaus (born 4 September 1918) was an Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Johann-Alfred Klaus	World War II
constellation	Kappa Velorum (κ Vel, κ Velorum) is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Vela.	Kappa Velorum	Vela
constellation	NGC 4654 is an intermediate spiral galaxy in the constellation of Virgo at a distance of 55 million light years (16.8 megaparsecs) from the Milky Way that can be spotted with amateur telescopes.	NGC 4654	Virgo
constellation	WISEPA J031325.96+780744.2 (designation abbreviated to WISE 0313+7807, or WISE J0313+7807) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T8.5, located in constellation Cepheus at approximately 21 light-years from Earth.	WISEPA J031325.96+780744.2	Cepheus
constellation	50 Cancri (50 Cnc, A2 Cancri, A2 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	50 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	Zeta Centauri (ζ Centauri, ζ Cen) is a binary star system in the southern constellation of Centaurus.	Zeta Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	3C 295 is a narrow-line radio galaxy located in the constellation of Boötes.	3C 295	Boötes
constellation	DDO 169 is an irregular galaxy located in the constellation Canes Venatici.	DDO 169	Canes Venatici
constellation	HIP 70849 is a 10th magnitude K-type main sequence star located approximately 78 light years away in the constellation Lupus.	HIP 70849	Lupus
constellation	Iota Gruis (ι Gru) is a star in the constellation Grus.	Iota Gruis	Grus
constellation	NGC 1156 is a dwarf irregular galaxy in the Aries constellation of the type ibm.	NGC 1156	Aries
constellation	3C 66B is an elliptical Fanaroff and Riley class 1 radio galaxy located in the constellation Andromeda.	3C 66B	Andromeda
constellation	2M1207, 2M1207A or 2MASS J12073346-3932539 is a brown dwarf located in the constellation Centaurus; a companion object, 2M1207b, may be the first extrasolar planetary-mass companion to be directly imaged, and is the first discovered orbiting a brown dwarf.	2M1207	Centaurus
constellation	HD 92589 is a double or multiple star in the constellation Antlia.	HD 92589	Antlia
constellation	HD 14412 (22 G. Fornacis) is the Henry Draper catalogue designation for an ordinary star in the southern constellation Fornax.	HD 14412	Fornax
constellation	Markarian 421 (Mrk 421, Mkn 421) is a blazar located in the constellation Ursa Major.	Markarian 421	Ursa Major
constellation	51 Eridani is a star in the constellation Eridanus located at RA 04 h 37 m 36.11 s and declination −02° 28′ 24.2`` with an apparent magnitude of 5.22, meaning it is just visible to the unaided eye in suburban and rural skies.	51 Eridani	Eridanus
constellation	HD 225218 is a quadruple star system in the northern constellation of Andromeda.	HD 225218	Andromeda
constellation	10 Arietis (abbreviated 10 Ari) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	10 Arietis	Aries
constellation	Kelu-1 is a system of two brown dwarfs of spectral types L2 and L4 located in constellation Hydra at approximately 61 light-years from Earth.	Kelu-1	Hydra
constellation	Kappa Ursae Majoris (Kappa UMa, κ Ursae Majoris, κ UMa) is a binary star in the constellation Ursa Major.	Kappa Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	Nu Cancri (ν Cnc, ν Cancri) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	Nu Cancri	Cancer
constellation	40 Arietis (abbreviated 40 Ari) is a binary star system in the northern constellation of Aries.	40 Arietis	Aries
constellation	HD 80606 and HD 80607 are two stars comprising a binary star system approximately 190 light-years away in the constellation of Ursa Major.	HD 80606 and HD 80607	Ursa Major
constellation	Gliese 445 (Gl 445) is an M-type main sequence star in the constellation of Camelopardalis, close to Polaris.	Gliese 445	Camelopardalis
constellation	Theta Capricorni (θ Cap, θ Capricorni) is a star in the constellation Capricornus.	Theta Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	The Diamond Cross is an asterism in the southern constellation Carina.	Diamond Cross	Carina
constellation	NGC 7742 is a face-on unbarred spiral galaxy in the constellation Pegasus.	NGC 7742	Pegasus
constellation	NGC 69 is a Lenticular galaxy in the constellation Andromeda.	NGC 69	Andromeda
constellation	Iota Boötis (ι Boo, ι Boötis) is a star system in the constellation Boötes.	Iota Boötis	Boötes
constellation	CU Virginis (CU Vir) is a star in the constellation Virgo.	CU Virginis	Virgo
constellation	HD 83443 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 134 light-years away in the constellation of Vela.	HD 83443 b	Vela
constellation	NGC 7814 (also known as UGC 8 or Caldwell 43) is a spiral galaxy about 40 million light-years away in the constellation Pegasus.	NGC 7814	Pegasus
constellation	47 Boötis or k Boötis is a binary star in the constellation Boötes.	47 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	NGC 71 is an Elliptical galaxy (or possibly a Lenticular galaxy) in the constellation Andromeda.	NGC 71	Andromeda
constellation	IC 2944, also known as the Running Chicken Nebula or the Lambda Centauri Nebula, is an open cluster with an associated emission nebula found in the constellation Centaurus, near the star Lambda Centauri.	IC 2944	Centaurus
constellation	HD 196050 is a star located in the constellation Pavo at a distance of 153 light years or 47 parsecs or 1.45 exameters away from the Solar System.	HD 196050	Pavo
constellation	81 Ceti (abbreviated 81 Cet) is the Flamsteed designation of a G-type giant star approximately 300 light years away in the constellation of Cetus.	81 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	HD 156846 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 160 light-years away in the constellation of Ophiuchus, orbiting the star HD 156846.	HD 156846 b	Ophiuchus
constellation	Iota Ophiuchi (ι Oph) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus.	Iota Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	HD 81101, also known as k Carinae (k Car), is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 81101	Carina
constellation	KELT-2A (HD 42176A) is a yellow white dwarf star located about 419 light-years away in the constellation Auriga.	KELT-2A	Auriga
constellation	Zeta Caeli (ζ Cae, ζ Caeli) is a star in the constellation Caelum.	Zeta Caeli	Caelum
constellation	WISE J035934.06−540154.6 (designation abbreviated to WISE 0359−5401) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0, located in constellation Reticulum.	WISE 0359−5401	Reticulum
constellation	Gliese 667 (142 G. Scorpii) is a triple-star system in the constellation of Scorpius lying at a distance of about 6.8 pc (23.6 ly) from Earth.	Gliese 667	Scorpius
constellation	OGLE-TR-111 is a yellow dwarf star approximately 5,000 light-years away in the constellation of Carina (the Keel).	OGLE-TR-111	Carina
constellation	The Red Spider Nebula (also catalogued as NGC 6537) is a planetary nebula located near the heart of the Milky Way, in the northwest of the constellation Sagittarius.	Red Spider Nebula	Sagittarius
constellation	HD 135438 is a K-type giant star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	HD 135438	Boötes
constellation	Theta Cephei (θ Cep, θ Cephei) is a Class A7, fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Cepheus.	Theta Cephei	Cepheus
continent	The Jaynes Islands are a cluster of small islands located 37 kilometres (20 nmi) west of the southwest end of Canisteo Peninsula, in the Amundsen Sea off Antarctica.	Jaynes Islands	Antarctica
continent	Lientur Rocks is a group of prominent adjacent rocks lying off the north coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and extending 660 m (722 yd) in east-west direction and 320 m (350 yd) in north-south direction.	Lientur Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Footscrew Nunatak (77°55′S 160°57′E) is a nunatak 1,865 metres (6,120 ft) high to the southwest of Windy Gully, standing 1.4 nautical miles (2.6 km) southeast of Altar Mountain in the Quartermain Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Footscrew Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Edwards Point is a rocky point in the south extremity of Kermen Peninsula and Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Edwards Point	Antarctica
continent	Goldstream Peak (86°41′S 148°30′W) is a peak rising to about 2,800 metres (9,200 ft) at the junction of ridges from Mount Gjertsen, Mount Grier, and Johansen Peak, in the La Gorce Mountains of Antarctica.	Goldstream Peak	Antarctica
continent	Millington Glacier is a narrow tributary glacier, 10 nautical miles (19 km) long, flowing from the eastern slopes of the Hughes Range, Antarctica, into Ramsey Glacier, northward of Mount Valinski.	Millington Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Jetsam Moraine (76°50′S 161°36′E) is a thin, sinuous medial moraine that arcs smoothly for 6 nautical miles (11 km) from a point near Mount Razorback to beyond the far (northeastern) side of Black Pudding Peak, in the Prince Albert Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Jetsam Moraine	Antarctica
continent	Mountainview Ridge (78°55′S 83°42′W) is a gentle ice-covered ridge which forms the southeast extremity of Petvar Heights and the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Mountainview Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Avitohol Point (Nos Avitohol \'nos a-vi-to-'hol\) is a point on the north coast of Livingston Island, Antarctica projecting 1.15 km into Hero Bay to form the west side of the entrance to Skravena Cove and the southeast side of the entrance to Prisoe Cove.	Avitohol Point	Antarctica
continent	New Swabia (Norwegian and German: Neuschwabenland) is a cartographic name sometimes given to an area of Antarctica between 20°E and 10°W in Queen Maud Land, which is administered as a Norwegian dependent territory under the Antarctic Treaty System.	New Swabia	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hancox (72°38′S 166°59′E) is a prominent mountain, 3,245 metres (10,650 ft) high, about 6 nautical miles (11 km) southeast of Mount Burton, rising above the north margin of Malta Plateau in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hancox	Antarctica
continent	Cape Poinsett (65°46′S 113°13′E) is an ice-covered cape in Antarctica, the northern extremity of Budd Coast, from which the coast recedes abruptly to the southeast and southwest.	Cape Poinsett	Antarctica
continent	Rozier Glacier (64°45′S 62°13′W) is a glacier flowing between Pishtachev Peak and Balis Ridge into Wilhelmina Bay north of Sophie Cliff, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Rozier Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fry Peak (71°3′S 63°40′W) is a sharp-pointed peak which is the southernmost peak in the Welch Mountains, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Fry Peak	Antarctica
continent	Paril Saddle (Parilska Sedlovina \pa-'ril-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is a saddle of elevation 1390 m in Friesland Ridge in Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Paril Saddle	Antarctica
continent	Clarsach Glacier (69°57′S 70°17′W) is a glacier flowing south between Prague Spur and the Finlandia Foothills in northern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Clarsach Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Marwick (71°2′S 162°48′E) is a high peak in the Explorers Range of the Bowers Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Marwick	Antarctica
continent	Garwood Glacier (78°1′S 163°57′E) is a glacier occupying the northwest part of Garwood Valley, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Garwood Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Betty is a small ridge overlooking the Ross Ice Shelf, on the north side of Bigend Saddle, at the north-eastern extremity of the Herbert Range in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Betty	Antarctica
continent	The Herschel Heights (71°53′S 69°38′W) are a complex of nunataks of which Mimas Peak on the east is the highest, located southwest of the Enceladus Nunataks and near the head of Saturn Glacier in southeastern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Herschel Heights	Antarctica
continent	Cape Howard (71°25′S 61°8′W) is a high, flat-topped, snow-covered cape at the extremity of the peninsula separating Lamplugh Inlet and Odom Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Cape Howard	Antarctica
continent	Troll Airfield is an airstrip located 6.8 kilometres (4.2 mi) from the research station Troll in Princess Martha Coast in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Troll Airfield	Antarctica
continent	Eliza Rocks is a chain of rocks lying between Desolation Island and Zed Islands off the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and extending 1 km in west-northwest direction.	Eliza Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Haas Glacier (85°45′S 164°55′W) is a steep tributary glacier draining northward from Rawson Plateau to enter the south side of Bowman Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Haas Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Isingufsa Bluff (72°21′S 1°13′E) is a rock bluff forming the northeast corner of Isingen Mountain in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Isingufsa Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Klevekampen Mountain (71°58′S 7°41′E) is a large, mainly ice-free mountain 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Kubus Mountain in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Klevekampen Mountain	Antarctica
continent	The Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE) was an ecological expedition studying the ecosystems near Showa Station in Antarctica.	Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition	Antarctica
continent	Moutonnée Lake is a sub-glacial lake that lies within Moutonnee Valley, marginal to the George VI Ice Shelf, 7 km (4.3 mi) south of Ablation Point indenting the east coast of Alexander Island, facing the west coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Moutonnée Lake	Antarctica
continent	Mount Osborne (78°37′S 84°47′W) is a mountain (2,600 m) standing 5 nautical miles (9 km) east of Mount Craddock, at the end of a side ridge running from the latter and featuring Sanchez Peak and Stolnik Peak, in the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Osborne	Antarctica
continent	Heidemann Glacier is a glacier, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, originating close northwest of Mount Damm in the Queen Elizabeth Range of Antarctica and flowing east into Lowery Glacier.	Heidemann Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Crean is one of the westernmost peaks in the dry valley region of South Victoria Land in Antarctica.	Mount Crean	Antarctica
continent	Hyde Glacier (79°48′S 83°42′W) is a short glacier flowing east through the Edson Hills to join Union Glacier, in the Heritage Range, Antarctica.	Hyde Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Taylor Rookery is an emperor penguin breeding colony on the Mawson Coast of Mac.Robertson Land in East Antarctica.	Taylor Rookery	Antarctica
continent	Keltie Head (63°47′S 57°41′W) is a rounded headland with vertical cliffs which rise to a small ice dome 395 metres (1,300 ft) high, forming the northwestern end of Vega Island, south of Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica.	Keltie Head	Antarctica
continent	Gregory Point is a rocky point on the northwest coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica projecting 700 m into Drake Passage.	Gregory Point	Antarctica
continent	Lepitsa Peak (Bulgarian: връх Лепица, ``Vrah Lepitsa'' \'vr&h le-'pi-tsa\) is the ice-covered peak rising to 1110 m in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lepitsa Peak	Antarctica
continent	Croatia (i/kroʊˈeɪʃə/ kroh-AY-shə; Croatian: Hrvatska (xř̩ʋaːtskaː)), officially the Republic of Croatia (Croatian: Republika Hrvatska, listen ), is a sovereign state at the crossroads of Central Europe, Southeast Europe, and the Mediterranean.	Croatia	Europe
continent	Mills Peak (74°14′S 163°54′E) is a sharp peak in the Deep Freeze Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mills Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Pearl Rocks are a group of rocks covering an area 6 km (3.7 mi) by 4 km (2.5 mi) close off the west coast of Tower Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Pearl Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The Teniente R. Marsh Airport is the northernmost airport in the continent of Antarctica.	Teniente R. Marsh Airport	Antarctica
continent	Half Century Nunatak (85°22′S 178°50′W) is a prominent nunatak, displaying a high east-facing rock escarpment, located 4 nautical miles (7 km) north of Dismal Buttress at the west side of upper Shackleton Glacier, Antarctica.	Half Century Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Nuñez Point (65°33′S 64°15′W) is a point forming the west extremity of Takaki Promontory on Barison Peninsula on Graham Coast, Graham Land, in Antarctica.	Nuñez Point	Antarctica
continent	Kip Peak (84°31′S 164°28′E) is a summit rising to over 3,000 metres (10,000 ft), located 3 kilometres (2 mi) northeast of Tempest Peak on a northeast trending ridge, in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica.	Kip Peak	Antarctica
continent	Maigo Peak (68°8′S 42°42′E) is a rocky hill situated 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) east-southeast of Cape Hinode and just west of the Bōhyō Heights on the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Maigo Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount McCoy (75°52′S 141°10′W) is a high table-topped massif with dark, snow-free, vertical walls, at the east side of Land Glacier in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount McCoy	Antarctica
continent	Sierra Island (62°24′S 59°48′W) is a narrow island which is marked by a series of small elevations throughout its length, lying 0.5 miles (0.8 km) northwest of Dee Island and north of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Sierra Island	Antarctica
continent	Mackin Table is an ice-topped, wedge-shaped plateau, about 20 nautical miles (37 km) long, standing just north of Patuxent Ice Stream in the Patuxent Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Mackin Table	Antarctica
continent	Rojas Peak (64°49′S 62°55′W) is a peak in Antarctica rising to about 675 m in the center of Lemaire Island, Danco Coast, Graham Land.	Rojas Peak	Antarctica
continent	Hatch Plain (80°44′S 25°36′W) is a small debris-covered area at about 1,350 metres (4,430 ft), on the eastern margin of the Du Toit Nunataks, in the Read Mountains of the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Hatch Plain	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hulshagen (72°31′S 31°16′E) is a mountain, 2,100 metres (6,900 ft) high, standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) northwest of Mount Bastin on the north side of the Belgica Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Hulshagen	Antarctica
continent	Currituck Island (66°5′S 100°40′E) is an island in Antarctica 7 nautical miles (13 km) long marked by numerous small coves, lying on the northwest side of Edisto Channel in the Highjump Archipelago.	Currituck Island	Antarctica
continent	Greene Point is an ice-covered point 7 nautical miles (13 km; 8.1 mi) northeast of Andrus Point in Lady Newnes Bay, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Greene Point	Antarctica
continent	Bonnier Point (64°28′S 63°57′W) is a headland forming the west extremity of Obitel Peninsula and marking the north side of the entrance to Hamburg Bay, on the northwest coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Bonnier Point	Antarctica
continent	Knobhead (77°55′S 161°34′E) is a massive ice-free mountain, 2,400 metres (7,900 ft) high, standing south of the western end of the Kukri Hills and overlooking Ferrar Glacier and Taylor Glacier at their point of apposition, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Knobhead	Antarctica
continent	Wulfila Glacier (Lednik Wulfila \'led-nik vul-'fi-la\) is located on the southern slopes of Breznik Heights, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica, south-southwest of Solis Glacier and west of Zheravna Glacier.	Wulfila Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Kubusdalen (71°58′S 7°14′E) is an ice-filled valley between Trollslottet Mountain and Kubus Mountain in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kubusdalen	Antarctica
continent	Marr Bluff (69°47′S 69°20′W) is an exposed, rocky bluff, 1,065 metres (3,500 ft) high, immediately north of Wager Glacier on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Marr Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Willan Saddle (Sedlovina Willan \se-dlo-vi-'na 'wi-l&n\) is a flat, crescent-shaped and ice-covered saddle extending 1 km in the northeast-southwest direction between Burdick South Peak and Willan Nunatak in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Willan Saddle	Antarctica
continent	The Robertson Islands or Robertsons Islands are a group of islands extending 6 km southward of the south-eastern extremity of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Robertson Islands	Antarctica
continent	Livingston Island (historical Russian name Smolensk, 62°36′S 60°30′W) is an Antarctic island in the South Shetland Islands, Western Antarctica lying between Greenwich Island and Snow Islands.	Livingston Island	Antarctica
continent	Mathieu Rock (66°20′S 136°49′E) is an ice-free rock, midway between Cape Bickerton and Rock X, at the east side of the entrance to Victor Bay, Antarctica.	Mathieu Rock	Antarctica
continent	The Balaena Islands are a small group of rocky islands lying close to the coast of Antarctica, 10 nautical miles (19 km) northeast of Cape Folger.	Balaena Islands	Antarctica
continent	Cape Morse (66°15′S 130°10′E) is a low, ice-covered cape which marks the east side of the entrance to Porpoise Bay and forms the division between Banzare Coast and Clarie Coast in Wilkes Land, Antarctica.	Cape Morse	Antarctica
continent	Elsner Ridge (71°47′S 167°21′E) is a narrow, southwest-trending ridge, or spur, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long, located 4 nautical miles (7 km) northeast of the south end of the Homerun Range in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Elsner Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Reuning Glacier (71°26′S 72°41′W) is a glacier situated on the north side of Beethoven Peninsula, lying within the southwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Reuning Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Rosenwald (85°4′S 179°6′W) is a mountain (3,450 m) which forms a distinctive landmark between the heads of Gallup and Baldwin Glaciers in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Rosenwald	Antarctica
continent	Johns Knoll (71°59′S 7°59′E) is a crevassed ice knoll (apparently the ice surface reflection of the underlying rock) in the lower part of Vinje Glacier in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Johns Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Glopeflya Plain (72°7′S 10°25′E) is a narrow, ice-covered plain between the eastern part of the Orvin Mountains and the interior ice plateau which rises close southward, in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Glopeflya Plain	Antarctica
continent	Nødtvedt Nunataks (86°32′S 162°18′W) is an isolated nunataks standing in mid-stream of the Amundsen Glacier, rising 7 nautical miles (13 km) east-northeast of Mount Bjaaland, Antarctica.	Nødtvedt Nunataks	Antarctica
country	Perkuć (ˈpɛrkut͡ɕ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Perkuć	Poland
country	Alexandria on the Indus (modern name: Uch, Pakistan) was a city founded by Alexander the Great at the junction of the Indus and the Acesines river.	Alexandria on the Indus	Pakistan
country	Joske's Thumb is a precipitous volcanic plug that rises in the skyline to the west of Suva, Fiji.	Joske's Thumb	Fiji
country	Wyaldra Shire was a former local government area in New South Wales, Australia.	Wyaldra Shire	Australia
country	Hill Fort Palace was built in 1915 by Sir Nizamat Jung, who served as chief justice in the government of Nizam, India.	Hill Fort Palace	India
country	Gügəvar (also, Gyugyavar) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gügəvar	Azerbaijan
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 613, also known as the Torsätra runestone, is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone originally located in Torsätra, which is approximately 8 kilometers northeast of Bro, Stockholm County, Sweden, which is in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 613	Sweden
country	The Bicêtre Hospital is located in Le Kremlin-Bicêtre, which is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Bicêtre Hospital	France
country	Canal Flats Provincial Park was a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at Canal Flats at the divide between Columbia Lake and the Kootenay River in the province's East Kootenay region.	Canal Flats Provincial Park	Canada
country	New Serchhip is the northern extension of Serchhip Town in Mizoram State of India.	New Serchhip	India
country	Martin Collegiate, also known as Martin Collegiate Institute or MCI, is a high school located in the Rosemont/Mount Royal neighbourhood in the north end of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Martin Collegiate	Canada
country	Harasztifalu (Croatian: Hrastovica, German: Harastin) is a village in Vas county, Hungary.	Harasztifalu	Hungary
country	Smolina (smɔˈlina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Smolina	Poland
country	The Hospital Daher (Daher Hospital) is one of the most important and respected hospitals in Brasília and Central-West Region, Brazil, located in the Lago Sul (South Lake) a suburb of Brasília, the capital of Brazil.	Hospital Daher	Brazil
country	Košariská (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈkoʃariskaː); Hungarian: Kosaras) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Košariská	Slovakia
country	Aviemore became one of the first skiing resorts to be established in Scotland with the opening of the chairlift in 1961 and is also notable for being near the freely grazing reindeer herd at Glen More, the only one in the United Kingdom.	Aviemore	United Kingdom
country	Coffee World is a premium specialty coffeehouse that provides a wide range of hot and iced coffee as well as ice-blended beverages, waffles, wraps and signature deserts in hundreds of outlets scattered across India, Bangladesh, Thailand, Indonesia, China, and Sudan.	Coffee World	Thailand
country	Tampines Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Singapore.	Tampines Stadium	Singapore
country	Waterlooplein is a square in the centre of Amsterdam in the Netherlands, near the Amstel river.	Waterlooplein	Netherlands
country	Kaka Point is a small settlement at the northern edge of The Catlins, an area of the southern South Island of New Zealand.	Kaka Point	New Zealand
country	Sri Aman is a market town and port, and the capital of Sri Aman District and Sri Aman Division in Sarawak, east Malaysia.	Sri Aman	Malaysia
country	Augustów County (Polish: powiat augustowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus.	Augustów County	Poland
country	Gil Zur (Persian: گيل زور‎, also Romanized as Gīl Zūr; also known as Gol Zūr and Golzūr) is a village in Basharyat-e Gharbi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Gil Zur	Iran
country	Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès (also Mont Bagzane, Mont Bagzan) is the highest mountain in Niger.	Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès	Niger
country	Bellambi railway station is located on the South Coast railway line in New South Wales, Australia.	Bellambi railway station	Australia
country	Mong Hsat is a town in the Shan State of Myanmar, served by Monghsat Airport.	Mong Hsat	Myanmar
country	Pechora Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Печора) (IATA: PEX, ICAO: UUYP) is an airport in Komi, Russia, located 5 km southwest of Pechora.	Pechora Airport	Russia
country	Abanoeti (Georgian: აბანოეთი), formerly also known as Mikartsminda (მიქარწმინდა), is a village in northern Georgia.	Abanoeti	Georgia
country	L'Etang is a village in the Loiret department in central France.	L'Etang	France
country	Talkalakh District (Arabic: منطقة تلكلخ, translit.: manṭiqat Talkalaḫ) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria.	Talkalakh District	Syria
country	Salamajärvi National Park (Finnish: Salamajärven kansallispuisto) is a national park in the Central Ostrobothnia and Central Finland regions of Finland, in the municipalities of Perho, Kivijärvi and Kinnula.	Salamajärvi National Park	Finland
country	Labuan War Cemetery (Malay: Tanah Perkuburan Perang Labuan) is a Commonwealth World War II graveyard in Labuan, Malaysia.	Labuan War Cemetery	Malaysia
country	Tobías Bolaños International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Tobías Bolaños) (IATA: SYQ, ICAO: MRPV) is one of the four international airports in Costa Rica and the secondary airport serving the city capital of San José after Juan Santamaría International Airport.	Tobías Bolaños International Airport	Costa Rica
country	Ludza Castle (Latvian: Ludzas pils) was a medieval castle built in Gothic style located next to a Catholic church, on the site of a former Latgalian wooden castle in the centre Ludza, Latvia, a small town in eastern Latgale.	Ludza Castle	Latvia
country	Wattipally is a remote village in Telkapalle mandal, Nagar Kurnool Revenue division of Mahbubnagar district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Wattipally	India
country	Heuwiese is an uninhabited German Baltic Sea island that lies about two kilometres south of Ummanz and west of Germany's largest island, Rügen.	Heuwiese	Germany
country	Yusef-e Eslam (Persian: يوسف اسلام‎, also Romanized as Yūsef-e Eslām; also known as Yūsef Salām and Yūsof Salām) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Yusef-e Eslam	Iran
country	Amuwo-Odofin is a local government area in the Badagry Division, Lagos State, Nigeria.	Amuwo-Odofin	Nigeria
country	Burrough Court is a former stately home in Burrough on the Hill near Melton Mowbray in the East Midlands, United Kingdom.	Burrough Court	United Kingdom
country	Zdroisko (ˈzdrɔi̯skɔ) (formerly German Zanzthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Zdroisko	Poland
country	Huechuraba (Spanish pronunciation: (wetʃuˈɾaβa)) is a city and commune of Chile located in Santiago Province, Santiago Metropolitan Region.	Huechuraba	Chile
country	Nelang is a small hilly village in Uttarkashi District, Uttarakhand, India, and claimed by Zanda County, Ngari Prefecture, Tibet, China.	Nelang	India
country	Laciana, Tsaciana in Leonese language, is a comarca in the province of León, Spain.	Laciana	Spain
country	The Tou Mu Kung Temple (Chinese: 斗母宫) is a Taoist temple situated on Upper Serangoon Road, Singapore.	Tou Mu Kung Temple	Singapore
country	Mislinjska Dobrava (pronounced (miˈsliːnska ˈdoːbɾaʋa)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Mislinjska Dobrava	Slovenia
country	Nojpetén (also known as Tayasal) was the capital city of the Itza Maya kingdom, located on an island in Lake Petén Itzá in the modern department of Petén in northern Guatemala.	Nojpetén	Guatemala
country	Drigh Road railway station (Urdu: ڈرگ روڈ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is the fourth important railway station of Karachi, Pakistan.	Drigh Road railway station	Pakistan
country	Mieszewo (mjɛˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Meesow) is a German/Polish village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mieszewo	Poland
country	Taupo Swamp is an approximately 25-hectare (61.7 acres) lowland freshwater swamp, classified as a topogeneous mire, located three kilometres (1.8 miles) north of Plimmerton and 20 kilometres north-northeast of Wellington City, New Zealand.	Taupo Swamp	New Zealand
country	Barayen (Persian: براين‎, also Romanized as Barāyen; also known as Barīn) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Barayen	Iran
country	Lernadzor (Armenian: Լեռնաձոր, also Romanized as Lerrnadzor; formerly, Kyurdikend) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Lernadzor	Armenia
country	Levoberezhny District, Moscow is an administrative district (raion) of Northern Administrative Okrug, and one of the 125 raions of Moscow, Russia.	Levoberezhny District, Moscow	Russia
country	Tomb KV36, located in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, was used for the burial of the noble Maiherpri from the Eighteenth Dynasty.	KV36	Egypt
country	Cherikabad (Persian: چريك اباد‎, also Romanized as Cherīkābād) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Cherikabad	Iran
country	Powiadacze (pɔvjaˈdat͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzemeszno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Powiadacze	Poland
country	The National Evangelical Christian Fellowship (NECF) is an ecumenical body in Malaysia comprising evangelical Protestant denominations and churches.	National Evangelical Christian Fellowship	Malaysia
country	Siah Yinkan (Persian: سياهينكان‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Yīnkān) is a village in Ashar Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Siah Yinkan	Iran
country	Olavsfestdagene is one out of four junction festivals (knutepunktfestivaler) with national status in Norway, and has the task of ensuring the church fete celebration in Nidarosdomen and the worship of Olav.	Olavsfestdagene	Norway
country	Amerongen (52°0′N 5°28′E) is a village in the central Netherlands (Utrecht province) on the border of the Utrecht Hill Ridge.	Amerongen	Netherlands
country	Budhanilkantha Temple, located in Budhanilkantha, Nepal, (Nepali: बुढानीलकंठ मन्दिर) (literal: ``Old Blue Throat'') is a Hindu open air temple dedicated to Lord Vishnu.	Budhanilkantha Temple	Nepal
country	Żebrak (ˈʐɛbrak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żebrak	Poland
country	Ufa Maximovka Airport (ICAO: UWUM) is an airport in Bashkortostan, Russia located in the northeast part of Ufa.	Ufa Maximovka Airport	Russia
country	Al Khums Governorate or Homs Governorate (Arabic: الخمس محافظة‎) was one of the governorates (muhafazah) of Libya from 1963 to 1983.	Al Khums Governorate	Libya
country	Gornji Zemon (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnji ˈzeːmɔn); Italian: Zemon di Sopra) is a village southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Gornji Zemon	Slovenia
country	Rožengrunt (pronounced (ˈɾoːʒənɡɾunt)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia.	Rožengrunt	Slovenia
country	Isola Comacina is a small wooded island of Italy's Lake Como, administratively a part of the commune of Ossuccio.	Isola Comacina	Italy
country	Morogoro Rural District (Swahili: Wilaya ya Morogoro Vijijini) is one of the six districts of the Morogoro Region of Tanzania.	Morogoro Rural District	Tanzania
country	Sde Boker (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה בּוֹקֵר, lit. Herding Field) is a kibbutz in the Negev desert of southern Israel.	Sde Boker	Israel
country	Kabilar Kundru or Kabilar rock is a hill rock in the middle of the Ponnaiyar River near Tirukoilur in Viluppuram district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kabilar Kundru	India
country	Phu Bai International Airport (IATA: HUI, ICAO: VVPB) (Vietnamese: Sân bay Quốc tế Phú Bài) is located just south of the central city of Huế, former capital of Vietnam.	Phu Bai International Airport	Vietnam
country	The Yaeda Valley is a swampy valley in Tanzania along Lake Eyasi.	Yaeda Valley	Tanzania
country	The Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Bridge or Jambatan Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah is a main bridge in Kuala Selangor, Selangor, Malaysia crossing Selangor River.	Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Bridge	Malaysia
country	Ajou Motor College, formerly Daecheon College, is a private technical college in Boryeong, near the seacoast of South Chungcheong province, South Korea.	Ajou Motor College	South Korea
country	Stari Grad v Podbočju (pronounced (ˈstaːɾi ˈɡɾaːt ʍ pɔdˈboːtʃju)) is a settlement south of Podbočje in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Stari Grad v Podbočju	Slovenia
country	Chacabuco is one of the many abandoned nitrate or ``saltpeter'' towns (``oficinas salitreras'' in Spanish) in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile.	Chacabuco	Chile
country	Piszczac (ˈpʲiʂt͡ʂat͡s) is a village in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Piszczac	Poland
country	The Hôtel de Sens (French pronunciation: ​(otɛl də sɑ̃s)) is a city palace in the Marais, in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Hôtel de Sens	France
country	Lhasa is a city and administrative capital of the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Lhasa	People's Republic of China
country	San Torpete is a church in central Genoa, northern Italy, dedicated to Saint Torpes.	San Torpete	Italy
country	The 2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (officially the Brasileirão Petrobras 2011 for sponsorship reasons) was the 55th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil.	2011 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A	Brazil
country	Brickfield Hill is a small hill in inner city Sydney, Australia.	Brickfield Hill	Australia
country	Morávka Dam (Czech: Vodní nádrž Morávka) is a water reservoir and dam near Morávka, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Morávka Dam	Czech Republic
country	Chupan Mahalleh (Persian: چوپان محله‎, also Romanized as Chūpān Maḩalleh) is a village in Khotbeh Sara Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chupan Mahalleh	Iran
country	Wudi County (simplified Chinese: 无棣县; traditional Chinese: 無棣縣; pinyin: Wúdì Xiàn) is a county of northwestern Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Wudi County	People's Republic of China
country	Colonel Brown Cambridge School is an English medium residential school located in Dehradun, India.	Colonel Brown Cambridge School	India
country	Mikuszowice (German: Nikelsdorf) is an informal dzielnica (district) of Bielsko-Biała, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Mikuszowice	Poland
country	Bostanite is a former village in the municipality of Chuprene, in Vidin Province, in northwestern Bulgaria.	Bostanite	Bulgaria
country	Prastos (Greek: Πραστός) is a settlement in Arcadia, Greece.	Prastos	Greece
country	Auleja parish (Latvian: Aulejas pagasts, Latgalian: Aulejis pogosts) is an administrative unit of the Krāslava Municipality, Latvia.	Auleja parish	Latvia
country	Baie-D'Urfé (Population 3,850) is a town in the Montreal region of Quebec, Canada.	Baie-D'Urfé	Canada
country	Zanjan Province (Persian: استان زنجان‎‎; also Romanized as Ostān-e Zanjān; Azerbaijani: زنگان اوستانی Zəngan ostanı‎) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	Zanjan Province	Iran
country	The Maitland Mercury is Australia's third oldest regional newspaper, preceded only by the Geelong Advertiser (estab. 1840) and the Launceston Examiner (estab. 1842).	Maitland Mercury	Australia
country	Alexandra Battery is an coastal artillery battery in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Alexandra Battery	Gibraltar
country	Lower Hesse a historic designation for an area in northern Hesse, Germany.	Lower Hesse	Germany
country	Southern Leyte State University (SLSU) is a premier public university in the Philippines.	Southern Leyte State University	Philippines
country	Montmédy (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃.me.di)) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Montmédy	France
country	Sanzhi District (Chinese: 三芝區; pinyin: Sānzhī Qū) is a rural district in the northern part of New Taipei City in northern Taiwan.	Sanzhi District	Taiwan
country	The speaker was hugely successful in Sweden at the time, and Teenage Engineering's recreation of the OD-11 was also well received for its minimalist design--faithful to the original--and expansive sound.	Teenage Engineering	Sweden
country	Naivelt (Yiddish: נייוועלט‎, ``New World'') was a Yiddish-language literary monthly magazine published in Argentina 1927--1930.	Naivelt	Argentina
country	Chegdomyn (Russian: Чегдомын) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Verkhnebureinsky District of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia.	Chegdomyn	Russia
country	Zappanale is an annual music festival held outside Bad Doberan, a German town previously part of East Germany.	Zappanale	Germany
country	El Gadud (Somali: Ceel Gaduud), or Lo Gadud, is a town in the southern Bay region of Somalia.	El Gadud	Somalia
country	The John Howard Society of Canada was formed in February 1962 when all provinces (excluding Quebec) approved a constitution.	John Howard Society	Canada
country	Dziembówko (d͡ʑemˈbufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dziembówko	Poland
country	Lord Beaverbrook High School (LBHS) is a public high school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada operated by the Calgary Board of Education.	Lord Beaverbrook High School	Canada
country	Kalajoki Airfield (ICAO: EFKO) is an airfield in Kalajoki, Finland, about 3 nautical miles (6 km; 3 mi) west-southwest of Kalajoki town centre.	Kalajoki Airfield	Finland
country	Hoseynabad-e Nezam (Persian: حسين ابادنظام‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Neẓām; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Malekabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Nezam	Iran
country	Marala, also known as Murala, is town in Gujrat District of Punjab province, Pakistan.	Marala	Pakistan
country	Arkhud (Persian: ارخود‎, also Romanized as Arkhūd) is a village in Bakharz Rural District, in the Central District of Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Arkhud	Iran
country	Kavarna ( Bulgarian: Каварна, Romanian: Cavarna) is a Black Sea coastal town and seaside resort in the Dobruja region of northeastern Bulgaria.	Kavarna	Bulgaria
country	Kozarje (pronounced (kɔˈzaːɾjɛ); in older sources also Kozarji) is a formerly independent settlement in the western part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Kozarje	Slovenia
country	Zduńska Wola (ˈzduɲska ˈvɔla) is a town in central Poland with 44,108 inhabitants (2010).	Zduńska Wola	Poland
country	Wat Ananda Metyarama Thai Buddhist Temple is a Theravada Buddhist monastery and temple in Singapore.	Wat Ananda Metyarama Thai Buddhist Temple	Singapore
country	The Kushiro Ice Arena (釧路アイスアリーナ) is an arena in the city of Kushiro, Hokkaidō, Japan.	Kushiro Ice Arena	Japan
country	Le Canadien (French pronunciation: ​(lə kanadjɛ̃)) was a French language newspaper published in Lower Canada from November 22, 1806 to March 14, 1810.	Le Canadien	Canada
country	Livradois-Forez Regional Natural Park (French: Parc naturel régional Livradois-Forez) is a protected area of woodlands and traditional farmland in the Auvergne and Rhône-Alpes regions of central France.	Livradois-Forez Regional Natural Park	France
country	Chorążka (xɔˈrɔ̃ʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chorążka	Poland
country	Lake Oingo is one of two small lakes (the other being Lake Runanga) located northwest to the city of Hastings in the Hawke's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Lake Oingo	New Zealand
country	Fu Jen Catholic University (FJU or simply Fu Jen; Chinese: 輔仁大學), formerly The Catholic University of Peking, is a private, co-educational university founded by the Holy See, located in New Taipei City, Taiwan.	Fu Jen Catholic University	Taiwan
country	Maragua District was a former district of Kenya, located in the defunct Central Province.	Maragua District	Kenya
country	Kertezi (Greek: Κέρτεζη) is a mountain village in the municipality of Kalavryta, Achaea, Greece.	Kertezi	Greece
country	Hollands Diep (pre-1947 spelling: Hollandsch Diep) is a wide river in the Netherlands and an estuary of the Rhine and Meuse river.	Hollands Diep	Netherlands
country	Let Veneto Decide (Italian: Il Veneto Decida) is a cross-party committee campaigning for a referendum on the independence of Veneto from Italy.	Let Veneto Decide	Italy
country	Calaceite (Spanish: (kalaˈθeite)) or Calaceit (Catalan: (kəɫəˈsɛjt), locally: (kalaˈsejt)) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Calaceite	Spain
country	Láng Temple (Vietnamese: Chùa Láng, Chinese: 昭禪寺) is a Buddhist temple in Láng village, Đống Đa District, Hanoi, Vietnam.	Láng Temple	Vietnam
country	Bisamberg is a municipality in the district of Korneuburg in Austria.	Bisamberg	Austria
country	Seh Asiab (Persian: سه اسياب‎‎, also Romanized as Seh Āsīāb; also known as Seh Āsīābeh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seh Asiab	Iran
country	Over the course of the season, AFC Wimbledon set a new record for the longest run of unbeaten league games at any level of senior football in the United Kingdom.	AFC Wimbledon	United Kingdom
country	Château des Riffets is a mansion in the village Bretteville-sur-Laize, Calvados department, Normandy, northwestern France.	Château des Riffets	France
country	Bergen landdistrikt (English: Bergen rural district) is a former municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Bergen landdistrikt	Norway
country	Ab Lashkar-e Vosta (Persian: اب لشكروسطي‎, also Romanized as Āb Lashkar-e Vosţá; also known as Āb Lashgar-e Vosţá) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Lashkar-e Vosta	Iran
country	Outlook Peak is a mountain in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada, located on the southwestern edge of the Muller Icecap.	Outlook Peak	Canada
country	The Rauher Jakob (literally ``Rough James'') is a hilltop between Tanne and Elend in the Harz mountains of central Germany.	Rauher Jakob	Germany
country	Danzik (also, Ashaga-Danzik, Yukhari-Danzik, and Yukhary Danzik) is a former village in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.	Danzik	Azerbaijan
country	Rigestan Rural District (Persian: دهستان ريگستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Rigestan Rural District	Iran
country	Tetsuya's is a restaurant in Sydney, Australia, owned and operated by world renowned chef Tetsuya Wakuda.	Tetsuya's	Australia
country	Campbellton railway station is located on Roseberry Street near the end of Shannon Street in the city of Campbellton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Campbellton railway station	Canada
country	Saugeen Shores is a town in Bruce County, Ontario, Canada, formed in the 1990s, as municipal restructuring merged the towns of Southampton, Port Elgin, and the township of Saugeen.	Saugeen Shores	Canada
country	Carpentras (Provençal Occitan: Carpentràs in classical norm or Carpentras in Mistralian norm) is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Carpentras	France
country	Cristuru Secuiesc (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌkristuru sekuˈjesk); Hungarian: Székelykeresztúr, pronounced (ˈseːkɛjkɛrɛstuːr)) is a town in Harghita County, Romania.	Cristuru Secuiesc	Romania
country	Rudnik, Burgas Province is a village in Burgas Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.	Rudnik, Burgas Province	Bulgaria
country	Lac de Lamoura is a lake at Lamoura in the Jura department of France.	Lac de Lamoura	France
country	The Chinese Culture University (CCU; Chinese: 中國文化大學) is a private Taiwanese university located in Yangmingshan in Shilin District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Chinese Culture University	Taiwan
country	Straldzha (Bulgarian: Стралджа) is a small town in Yambol Province, Southeastern Bulgaria.	Straldzha	Bulgaria
country	Fasa Industrial Workshops (Persian: ك ارگاههاي صنعتي فسا‎ -- Kārgāh Hāy Şan``atī-ye Fasā) is a village and company town in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 16 families.	Fasa Industrial Workshops	Iran
country	Aldea San Antonio is a village in the department of Gualeguaychu, in Entre Ríos Province, Argentina.	Aldea San Antonio	Argentina
country	The Acangapiranga River is a river in the Rondônia State in western Brazil.	Acangapiranga River	Brazil
country	Port Loring Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNQ7), is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) southwest of Port Loring, Ontario, Canada.	Port Loring Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Château des Vallées is a château from the 19th century in Tournon-Saint-Pierre, Indre-et-Loire, France.	Château des Vallées	France
country	The Tabaconas Namballe National Sanctuary (National Sanctum Tabaconas-Namballe) is a national sanctuary in Peru known for its misty forests.	Tabaconas Namballe National Sanctuary	Peru
country	Britannia United Church is a United Church of Canada congregation in Ottawa, Canada.	Britannia United Church	Canada
country	At the 2011 India census, Sonamarg had a population of 392, excluding tourists and those working in the tourism industry.	Sonamarg	India
country	Garlino (ɡarˈlinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Garlino	Poland
country	Rolvsøy is an island and a former municipality in Østfold county, Norway.	Rolvsøy	Norway
country	Chomutov District (Okres Chomutov in Czech) is one of seven districts (okres) located within the Ústí nad Labem Region (Ústecký kraj) in the Czech Republic.	Chomutov District	Czech Republic
country	Sri Subamanya Ghati is in Doddaballapura Taluk in Bangalore Rural District of Karnataka State, India.	Sri Subamanya Ghati	India
country	Anianou (also spelled Agnianou) is a town in east-central Ivory Coast.	Anianou	Ivory Coast
country	Dolni Chiflik (Bulgarian: Долни чифлик, meaning ``lower farm'', Turkish: Aşağı Çiftlik) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Varna Province, located near the Kamchiya River about 14 km away from the Black Sea coast.	Dolni Chiflik	Bulgaria
country	The Bystroye Canal is a Ukrainian deep-water canal in the Danube Delta near the Romania-Ukraine border through Kiliya and Old Istambul (Swift) distributaries.	Bystroye Canal	Ukraine
country	Nordhavn station is an S-train station served by the A, H, B, C, and E services in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nordhavn station	Denmark
country	Leulumoega Tuai is a village situated on the northwest coast Upolu island in Samoa.	Leulumoega	Samoa
country	Hattidubba is a Bayarban village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in Nepal.	Hattidubba	Nepal
country	Little Angels' English Higher Secondary School, locally known as Central syllabus school, is a private School located in Karur, Tamil Nadu, India.	Little Angels' English Higher Secondary School	India
country	Agkistro or alternatively Agistro (Greek: Άγκιστρο, pronounced (ˈaɟistɾo)), is a village in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Agkistro	Greece
country	Halltorp is one of the earliest manor houses on the island of Öland, Sweden, dating from the 11th century AD.	Halltorp	Sweden
country	Siguatepeque is a growing city in the Central Mountains of Honduras, Central America at 1100 meters above sea level and surrounded by mountains.	Siguatepeque	Honduras
country	Ynakhsyt (Russian: Ынахсыт) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Kangalassky Rural Okrug of Nyurbinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 62 kilometers (39 mi) from Nyurba, the administrative center of the district.	Ynakhsyt	Russia
country	Fjordgård Chapel (Norwegian: Fjordgård kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county, Norway.	Fjordgård Chapel	Norway
country	Koziki-Jałbrzyków Stok (kɔˈʑiki jau̯ˈbʐɨkuf ˈstɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koziki-Jałbrzyków Stok	Poland
country	The Old Quebec Funicular (French: Funiculaire du Vieux-Québec) is a funicular railway in the Old Quebec neighbourhood of the city of Quebec in Canada.	Old Quebec Funicular	Canada
country	Zawadzkie (zaˈvat͡skʲɛ) (German: Zawadzki, 1936--1945 Andreashütte) is a town in Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, Poland, with 8,469 inhabitants (2004).	Zawadzkie	Poland
country	Blanc-Sablon Bay is a natural bay in municipality of Blanc-Sablon, in Le Golfe-du-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality, on the Côte-Nord (North-Shore) coast of Gulf of Saint Lawrence, in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Blanc-Sablon Bay	Canada
country	Nea Roda is a village located 115 km southeast of Thessaloniki, on the narrowest point of the Athos peninsula in the municipality of Stagira-Akanthos, Chalkidiki, Greece.	Nea Roda	Greece
country	Chinnaiahgaripalli (CG Palli or Chinnai) is a small village in Mydukur Mandal, Kadapa District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Chinnaiahgaripalli	India
country	Metropol Parasol is a wooden structure located at La Encarnación square, in the old quarter of Seville, Spain.	Metropol Parasol	Spain
country	The Lombard Building is a Victorian era, building built between 1889 and 1890, within the Melbourne CBD in Victoria, Australia.	Lombard Building	Australia
country	The Swedish Cycling Federation or SCF (in Swedish: Svenska Cykelförbundet) was established in 1900, and is the national governing body of cycle racing in Sweden.	Swedish Cycling Federation	Sweden
country	Log pri Mlinšah (pronounced (ˈloːk pri ˈmliːnʃax)) is a settlement southwest of Izlake in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Log pri Mlinšah	Slovenia
country	Valsassina is a valley in the Alps of Lombardy, northern Italy, within the province of Lecco.	Valsassina	Italy
country	Skjerstad (şjæŗ`şţa) is a village and a former municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Skjerstad	Norway
country	Tučepi (pronounced (tǔtʃɛpi)) is a small town and municipality in the Split-Dalmatia County of Croatia.	Tučepi	Croatia
country	Armutlu Peninsula (Turkish: Armutlu Yarımadası) is a peninsula extending westward into Marmara Sea in the Anatolian section of Turkey.	Armutlu Peninsula	Turkey
country	Vesturbyggð is a municipality located in the Westfjords in Iceland.	Vesturbyggð	Iceland
country	The Pasión River (Spanish: Río de la Pasión, Spanish pronunciation: (ˈri.o ðe la paˈsjon)) is a river located in the northern lowlands region of Guatemala.	Pasión River	Guatemala
country	Kootenay National Park is located in southeastern British Columbia Canada, covering 1,406 km2 (543 sq mi) in the Canadian Rockies, and forms part of a World Heritage Site.	Kootenay National Park	Canada
country	Nowsud (Persian: نوسود‎, also Romanized as Nowsūd and Nawsūd) is a city in Nowsud District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nowsud	Iran
country	Riadh is a town in Tunisia, near the capital city of Tunis.	Riadh	Tunisia
country	The Yanggakdo International Hotel is the largest working hotel and the second tallest building in North Korea, after the Ryugyong Hotel.	Yanggakdo International Hotel	North Korea
country	The Seventh Fort or VII Fort is a defensive fortification built in Žaliakalnis district of Kaunas, Lithuania, during implementation of the first phase of the construction of the Kaunas Fortress.	Seventh Fort	Lithuania
country	Garies is a small agricultural centre situated in South Africa's Northern Cape province about 110 km south of Springbok, the chief town of the Namaqualand district.	Garies	South Africa
country	Kringa (Italian: Corridico) is a village near Tinjan, Istria, Croatia.	Kringa	Croatia
country	Uitgeest railway station is located in Uitgeest, the Netherlands.	Uitgeest railway station	Netherlands
country	Sierpc (ɕerpt͡s) is a town in Poland, in the north-west part of the Masovian Voivodeship, about 125 km northwest of Warsaw.	Sierpc	Poland
country	The Arc de Triomphe honours those who fought and died for France in the French Revolutionary and the Napoleonic Wars, with the names of all French victories and generals inscribed on its inner and outer surfaces.	Arc de Triomphe	France
country	Sira Fortress is a military site in Aden, Yemen.	Sira Fortress	Yemen
country	The Institution of Herstedvester is a closed prison in Herstedvester, Denmark, for treatment under the Danish Prison and Probation Service.	Institution of Herstedvester	Denmark
country	Darreh Bangaru (Persian: دره بنگرو‎, also Romanized as Darreh Bangarū) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Bangaru	Iran
country	Klaniny (klaˈninɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klaniny	Poland
country	Ezekiel's Tomb, located in Al Kifl, Iraq, is believed by Jews and Christians to be the tomb of the biblical prophet Ezekiel.	Ezekiel's Tomb	Iraq
country	The Otira River is located in the central South Island of New Zealand.	Otira River	New Zealand
country	Makat District (Kazakh: Мақат ауданы) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan.	Makat District	Kazakhstan
country	Bến Củi is a commune of Dương Minh Châu District, Tây Ninh Province, Vietnam.	Bến Củi	Vietnam
country	Tak Bolagh-e Arshaq (Persian: تك بلاغ ارشق‎, also Romanized as Tak Bolāgh-e Ārshaq; also known as Tak Bolāgh) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tak Bolagh-e Arshaq	Iran
country	Diapaga is a city in and the capital of Tapoa Province in Burkina Faso.	Diapaga	Burkina Faso
country	Dunderlandsdalen (Lule Sami: Dunndaravuobme) is a valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Dunderlandsdalen	Norway
country	Grkavci (Serbian Cyrillic: Гркавци) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina	Grkavci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Yongsan International School of Seoul (YISS) is a private, coeducational Christian school, offering an American curriculum based education to the international community in South Korea.	Yongsan International School of Seoul	South Korea
country	Samarkand International Airport (IATA: SKD, ICAO: UTSS) is an airport of entry in Samarkand, Uzbekistan.	Samarkand International Airport	Uzbekistan
country	Glebe Collegiate Institute is a high school in the Glebe neighbourhood of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Glebe Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Chalandri (Greek: Χαλάνδρι, Ancient Greek: Φλύα, Phlya) is a suburb in the northern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Chalandri	Greece
country	Mejaouda is a settlement which lies in the Sahara Desert of eastern Mauritania.	Mejaouda	Mauritania
country	The Karmutzen Range is a small mountain range in British Columbia, Canada, located west of Nimpkish Lake on Vancouver Island, north of Tlakwa Creek and south and east of Karmuzten Creek.	Karmutzen Range	Canada
country	Gierszowice (ɡʲɛrʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Giersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gierszowice	Poland
country	Yahagi Dam is a dam near the city of Toyota in the Aichi Prefecture of Japan.	Yahagi Dam	Japan
country	Veligosti (Greek: Βελιγοστή, before 1918: Σαμαρά - Samara) is a settlement in the municipal unit of Falaisia, Arcadia, Greece.	Veligosti	Greece
country	Goulburn Weir is a weir built between 1887 and early 1891 across the Goulburn River near Nagambie, Victoria, Australia.	Goulburn Weir	Australia
country	Nowy Targ (ˈnɔvɨ ˈtark) (Latin: Novum Forum, Slovak: Nový Targ, German: Neumarkt) is a town in southern Poland with 34,000 inhabitants (2006).	Nowy Targ	Poland
country	Troisvierges (Luxembourgish: Ëlwen, German: Ulflingen) is a commune and town in northern Luxembourg, in the canton of Clervaux.	Troisvierges	Luxembourg
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Maryland forms part of Province 3 of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Episcopal Diocese of Maryland	United States of America
country	Tuamarina River is a river in Marlborough in the South Island of New Zealand.	Tuamarina River	New Zealand
country	Rzemiechów (ʐɛˈmjɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rzemiechów	Poland
country	The Udaipur Solar Observatory (USO) is in Udaipur, Rajasthan in India on an island in the Fateh Sagar Lake.	Udaipur Solar Observatory	India
country	Bučkovci (pronounced (butʃˈkoːu̯tsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Bučkovci	Slovenia
country	Khazoon (Persian: خازون ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khazoon	Iran
country	The Leidseplein is a square in central Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	Leidseplein	Netherlands
country	Spanchevtsi is a village in Varshets Municipality, Montana Province, northwestern Bulgaria.	Spanchevtsi	Bulgaria
country	Tiaret (Berber: Tahert or Tihert, ⵜⴰⵀⴻⵔⵜ, i.e. ``Lioness''; Arabic: تاهرت / تيارت‎) is a major city in central Algeria that gives its name to the wider farming region of Tiaret Province.	Tiaret	Algeria
country	Ilimuda is a volcano located in the eastern part of the island of Flores, Indonesia.	Ilimuda	Indonesia
country	Rügen (German pronunciation: (ˈʁyːɡən); also lat. Rugia, Ruegen or Rugia Island) is Germany's largest island by area.	Rügen	Germany
country	Terny (Ukrainian: Терни) is a village in Ukraine in the Lubny Raion (district) of Poltava Oblast.	Terny	Ukraine
country	Mini-Europe is a miniature park located in Bruparck at the foot of the Atomium in Brussels, Belgium.	Mini-Europe	Belgium
country	Villamontes (or: Villa Montes) is a town in the Tarija Department in south-eastern Bolivia.	Villamontes	Bolivia
country	Sanskrit Collegiate School is one of the oldest schools in Kolkata, India, teaching grades pre-nursery to 12 under the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education and the West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education.	Sanskrit Collegiate School	India
country	Kyungnam High School is a college preparatory high school in Busan, South Korea.	Kyungnam High School	South Korea
country	The Rua Augusta Arch is a stone, triumphal arch-like, historical building and visitor attraction in Lisbon, Portugal, on Commerce Square, built to commemorate the city's reconstruction after the 1755 earthquake.	Rua Augusta Arch	Portugal
country	Fungu Yasini Island (or simply Fungu Yasini) is an uninhabited island in Tanzania, north of the country's capital city, Dar es Salaam and is one of the four islands of the Dar es Salaam Marine Reserve (DMRS).	Fungu Yasini Island	Tanzania
country	Jørgen Brønlund Fjord is a fjord in southern Peary Land, northern Greenland, with its mouth located at mouth at 82°7.5′N 29°53.3′W. It is about 30 km long and 1 to 2 km wide, and opens out to Independence Fjord in the south.	Jørgen Brønlund Fjord	Greenland
country	The EDF-GDF tower is an office building built in 1974 in the heart of the new town of Cergy, France, in the Cergy Prefecture business and administrative district.	EDF-GDF tower	France
country	The Vepor Mountains (Slovak: Veporské vrchy) are a mountain range in Slovakia.	Vepor Mountains	Slovakia
country	Tororo Thermal Power Station is a 70 MW heavy fuel oil-fired thermal power plant located in the town of Tororo in Tororo District, in Eastern Uganda.	Tororo Thermal Power Station	Uganda
country	Aurora Transit operated public transit within the town of Aurora, Ontario, Canada, from 1973 to 1999.	Aurora Transit	Canada
country	Popa Island (in Spanish: Isla Popa) is the second largest island in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, Panama, with 53 km2.	Popa Island	Panama
country	York Sound is a sound located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia opening into the Indian Ocean.	York Sound	Australia
country	Riga District (Latvian: Rīgas rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in Semigallia and Vidzeme regions, in the centre of the country.	Riga District	Latvia
country	Tucavaca Valley Municipal Reserve (Reserva Municipal Valle de Tucavaca) is a protected area in Bolivia situated in the Santa Cruz Department, Chiquitos Province, Roboré Municipality.	Tucavaca Valley Municipal Reserve	Bolivia
country	The Aegean Maritime Museum is a maritime museum in Mykonos, Greece.	Aegean Maritime Museum	Greece
country	Foleyet is an unincorporated community in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, midway between Chapleau and Timmins on Highway 101.	Foleyet	Canada
country	Grønfjellåga (lit. ``the river of the green mountain'') is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Grønfjellåga	Norway
country	Ongi Monastery (Mongolian: Онгийн хийд, Ongiin Khiid) is the collective name for the ruins of two monasteries that face each other across the Ongi River in Saikhan-Ovoo district of Dundgovi Province, in south-central Mongolia.	Ongi Monastery	Mongolia
country	Taininbeka is an atoll in Fiji, a member of the Ringgold Isles archipelago, which forms an outlier group to the northern island of Vanua Levu.	Taininbeka	Fiji
country	Binkelj (pronounced (ˈbiːŋkəl); German: Winkel) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Binkelj	Slovenia
country	The Mittenwald Railway (German: Mittenwaldbahn), popularly known as the Karwendelbahn (Karwendel railway), is a railway line in the Alps in Austria and Germany.	Mittenwald Railway	Germany
country	Iruya is a small town of population 1,070 in northwestern Argentina.	Iruya	Argentina
country	Grabouw is a mid-sized town located in the Western Cape province of South Africa some 65 km south-east of Cape Town along the N2 highway.	Grabouw	South Africa
country	Golden Era Records are a record label that specializes in Australian hip hop music and is based in Stirling, South Australia, Australia.	Golden Era Records	Australia
country	Anjirdan (Persian: انجيردان‎‎, also Romanized as Anjīrdān) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Anjirdan	Iran
country	Sélingué is an area in the country of Mali in Africa.	Sélingué	Mali
country	Vardakar (Armenian: Վարդաքար; formerly, Tomartash) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Vardakar	Armenia
country	Villa International Airport Maamigili(IATA: VAM, ICAO: VRMV), also known as Maamigili Airport, is an airport in the Maldives.	Villa International Airport	Maldives
country	The Haus der Technik was an exhibition hall in Königsberg, Germany, now Kaliningrad, Russia.	Haus der Technik	Russia
country	Chandola Lake is located near Dani Limda Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat state, India and covers an area of 1200 hectares.	Chandola Lake	India
country	Skövde ( pronunciation ) (pronunciation: (ˈɧœvˌde)) is a locality and urban centre in Skövde Municipality and Västra Götaland County, in the Västergötland (Western Gothland region) in central-Southern Sweden.	Skövde	Sweden
country	Njemanica (Serbian: Њеманица) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Njemanica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Heravi (Persian: هروي‎, also Romanized as Heravī and Hervī; also known as Herbī) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Heravi	Iran
country	Toompea Castle (Estonian: Toompea loss) is a castle on Toompea hill in the central part of Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Toompea Castle	Estonia
country	Stubbekøbing is a town with a population of 2,304 (1 January 2015) in Guldborgsund municipality in Region Sjælland on the northeastern coast of the island of Falster in south Denmark.	Stubbekøbing	Denmark
country	Dingli (Maltese: Ħad-Dingli) is a village in the Northern Region of Malta, with a population of 3,608 as of March 2014.	Dingli	Malta
country	Peillac (Breton: Paolieg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Peillac	France
country	Kuldre (Võro: Kuldri) is a village in Võru County, in southeastern Estonia.	Kuldre	Estonia
country	Kef Lahmar (Arabic: كاف الاحمر, lit. red foothill) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria.	Kef Lahmar	Algeria
country	Harku (German: Hark) is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Harku Parish, Harju County, northern Estonia.	Harku	Estonia
country	Gochh is a village and Union Council of Kharian tehsil of Gujrat District in the Punjab, Pakistan.	Gochh	Pakistan
country	In 2009 Club Eleven was named by the Brecon Jazz Festival as one of 12 venues which had made the most important contributions to jazz music in the United Kingdom.	Club Eleven	United Kingdom
country	Primskovo (pronounced (ˈpɾiːmskɔʋɔ); German: Primskau) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Primskovo	Slovenia
country	HHC Hardenberg is a football club from Hardenberg, the Netherlands.	HHC Hardenberg	Netherlands
country	Claremont Secondary School (or CSS) is a public secondary school in Saanich, a suburb of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Claremont Secondary School	Canada
country	Phitsanulok Airport (Thai: ท่าอากาศยานพิษณุโลก) (IATA: PHS, ICAO: VTPP) is an airport serving Phitsanulok, a city in the Phitsanulok Province of Thailand.	Phitsanulok Airport	Thailand
country	B.P. Koirala Institute of Health Sciences (BPKIHS) (Nepali: वी. पी. कोइराला स्वास्थ्य विज्ञान प्रतिष्ठान), is a medical institution in Nepal.	B.P. Koirala Institute of Health Sciences	Nepal
country	The Zuiderkerk (``southern church'') is a 17th-century Protestant church in the Nieuwmarkt area of Amsterdam, the capital of the Netherlands.	Zuiderkerk	Netherlands
country	Khwaja Umari (Khwajeh 'Omri, Qal'eh-ye Khwajeh) is a village and the center of Khwaja Umari District, Ghazni Province, Afghanistan.	Khwaja Umari	Afghanistan
country	Palugunti palli is a village in Racherla mandal, in the Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Palugunti palli	India
country	Eshgaft-e Baba Mir (Persian: اشگفت بابامير‎, also Romanized as Eshgaft-e Bābā Mīr; also known as Eshkaft-e Bābā Mīr) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Eshgaft-e Baba Mir	Iran
country	Long Bay Beach is an almost deserted 10 miles (16 km) crescent of black sand on the central south coast of Jamaica in Manchester Parish.	Long Bay Beach	Jamaica
country	XESTN-AM (1540 AM, ``Radio Red'') is a Spanish-language radio station in Monterrey, Mexico.	XESTN-AM	Mexico
country	Mergellina is a coastal section of the city of Naples, Italy.	Mergellina	Italy
country	Veliny is a village in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) east from the town of Holice.	Veliny	Czech Republic
country	Tobetsu Dam is a dam currently under construction in Hokkaidō, Japan.	Tobetsu Dam	Japan
country	Halasi (Kannada ಹಳಸಿ) also called as Halsi or Halshi, is a town in Khanapur Taluk, Belgaum District in Karnataka, India.	Halasi	India
country	Juan Mendoza Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Juan Mendoza) (IATA: ORU, ICAO: SLOR) is an airport serving the city of Oruro, in the Cercado province of the Oruro department of Bolivia.	Juan Mendoza Airport	Bolivia
country	Ras Baalbek I (Arabic: ورأس بعلبك‎) is a rock shelter 500 metres (1,600 ft) east of Ras Baalbek in the northern Beqaa Valley in Lebanon.	Ras Baalbek I	Lebanon
country	The Coromandel Peninsula on the North Island of New Zealand extends 85 kilometres north from the western end of the Bay of Plenty, forming a natural barrier to protect the Hauraki Gulf and the Firth of Thames in the west from the Pacific Ocean to the east.	Coromandel Peninsula	New Zealand
country	Odioma is a village located in Bayelsa State, Nigeria, in an area where oil was found by Shell Nigeria.	Odioma	Nigeria
country	Esbjerg (/ˈɛsbjɜːr/, /ˈɛsbjɜːrɡ/; Danish: (ˈɛsb̥jæɐ̯ˀ); West Jutish dialect: (ˈɛsbʲæa̯)) is a seaport town and seat of Esbjerg Municipality on the west coast of the Jutland peninsula in southwest Denmark.	Esbjerg	Denmark
country	Valea Aurie is a residential district of Sibiu, Romania, situated in the south-western part of the city.	Valea Aurie	Romania
country	The Pretoria National Botanical Garden is one of South Africa's nine National Botanical Gardens.	Pretoria National Botanical Garden	South Africa
country	The Arnold Power Station is a hydroelectric facility fed from Lake Brunner on the Arnold River in West Coast, New Zealand, owned and operated by TrustPower.	Arnold Power Station	New Zealand
country	Hortaleza is one of the 21 districts of the city of Madrid, Spain.	Hortaleza	Spain
country	The Jurassic Museum of Asturias (Spanish: Museo del Jurásico de Asturias; MUJA) is located in the area of Rasa de San Telmo near the parish (administrative division) of Llastres in the municipality of Colunga, Asturias, Spain.	Jurassic Museum of Asturias	Spain
country	Leer is a town in the district of Leer, the northwestern part of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Leer	Germany
country	The Arafura Sea name is from the indigenous name for ``the people of mountains'' in the Moluccas (part of Indonesia) as identified by Dutch Lieutenants Kolff and Modera in the 1830s.	Arafura Sea	Indonesia
country	Porajów (pɔˈrajuf) (German: Großporitsch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech and German borders.	Porajów	Poland
country	Tuangku (also known as Great Banyak) is the main and largest island in the Banyak Islands group in Indonesia.	Tuangku	Indonesia
country	Wadi Abu Dom is an arid valley in Sudan.	Wadi Abu Dom	Sudan
country	Eduard Streltsov Stadium, formerly Torpedo Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Moscow, Russia.	Eduard Streltsov Stadium	Russia
country	Victoria Strait is a strait in northern Canada that lies in Nunavut off the mainland in the Arctic Ocean.	Victoria Strait	Canada
country	Kamigoto Airport (ICAO: RJDK) is a public aerodrome located about 8 km (5.0 mi) northeast of Kamigoto town office, Shinkamigotō in the Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.	Kamigoto Airport	Japan
country	O R Nizam Road is a major road which crosses the Asian Highway in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	O R Nizam Road	Bangladesh
country	Kandy Railway Station is a major railway station in Kandy, Sri Lanka.	Kandy Railway Station	Sri Lanka
country	Plas y Brenin located in Conwy County Borough, Wales is the National Mountain Centre for the United Kingdom.	Plas y Brenin	United Kingdom
country	Nansen Fjord is a fjord in eastern Greenland.	Nansen Fjord	Greenland
country	Ioannina Island (Greek: Νήσος Ιωαννίνων) is an island in Lake Ioannina, Epirus, Greece, a municipal unit of the municipality of Ioannina.	Ioannina Island	Greece
country	Potyosy (Russian: Потёсы) is a village in Bezhetsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Potyosy	Russia
country	Baltrum is a barrier island off the coast of East Frisia (German: Ostfriesland), in Germany, and is a municipality in the district of Aurich, Lower Saxony.	Baltrum	Germany
country	Tynan and Caledon railway station was on the Ulster Railway in Northern Ireland.	Tynan and Caledon railway station	Ireland
country	Saimaa University of Applied Sciences (Finnish: Saimaan ammattikorkeakoulu) is a university of applied sciences (a polytechnic) in the region of South Karelia, Finland.	Saimaa University of Applied Sciences	Finland
country	Çinarlar (also Chinarlar) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çinarlar	Azerbaijan
country	The Hårsfjärden is a fjord off the Baltic Sea near Stockholm, Sweden.	Hårsfjärden	Sweden
country	Gol Khvaran (Persian: گل خواران‎, also Romanized as Gol Khvārān; also known as Gol Khūrān) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gol Khvaran	Iran
country	The Una River (Paraíba) is a small river in the Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.	Una River (Paraíba)	Brazil
country	Bagrian is a village located in Sangrur District, in Punjab, India which has a significant place in Sikh history.	Bagrian	India
country	Ferrara ((ferˈraːra) listen ) is a city and comune in Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy, capital city of the Province of Ferrara.	Ferrara	Italy
country	Grand Valley (Black Field) Aerodrome (TC LID: CGV4) is located 2.6 nautical miles (4.8 km; 3.0 mi) southeast of Grand Valley, Ontario, Canada.	Grand Valley (Black Field) Aerodrome	Canada
country	Lysøen is an island in the municipality of Os, Hordaland, Norway.	Lysøen	Norway
country	George F. L. Charles Airport (formerly Vigie Airport) (IATA: SLU, ICAO: TLPC) is the smaller of two airports in Saint Lucia, the other being Hewanorra International Airport.	George F. L. Charles Airport	Saint Lucia
country	Kostrzeszyn (kɔsˈtʂɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złota, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kostrzeszyn	Poland
country	Xanlıqpəyə (also, Xanlıq-pəyə, Khanali, Khanalp’eya, Khanlikp’aya, Khanlykhpeya, and Khanlykpeya) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xanlıqpəyə	Azerbaijan
country	Islamabad railway station (Urdu: اسلام آباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) (Formerly Margalla railway station) is located in sector I-9 Islamabad, the federal capital of Pakistan.	Islamabad railway station	Pakistan
country	Våland is a neighborhood (delområde) in the borough of Eiganes og Våland in Stavanger, Norway.	Våland	Norway
country	Chinaqucha (Quechua china female, qucha lake, ``female lake'', hispanicized spelling Chinacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Apurímac Region, Grau Province, Curpahuasi District.	Chinaqucha	Peru
country	Shiliu Station (Chinese: 石榴車站; pinyin: Shíliú Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Douliu City, Yunlin County, Taiwan.	Shiliu Station	Taiwan
country	The Adelaide Central Market is one of Australia's finest fresh produce markets providing a wide range of fresh and multi-cultural products and is also a popular tourist attraction in the heart of Adelaide and is often referred to as the Central Market.	Adelaide Central Market	Australia
country	Pisququcha (Quechua pisqu bird, qucha lake, lagoon, ``bird lake'', hispanicized spelling Piscococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region, Yauyos Province, Tanta District.	Pisququcha	Peru
country	Manginehi (Persian: منگنه اي‎, also Romanized as Mangīneh’ī; also known as Mangīngī, Kūchūleh Mangīneh’ī, Mangi Navi, and Manjī Navī) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Manginehi	Iran
country	The Fabiani Bridge (Slovene: Fabianijev most) is a two-level bridge over the Ljubljanica River in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Fabiani Bridge	Slovenia
country	Progreston Falls is a 6.7 metre high and 16.5 metre wide terraced curtain waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Carlisle, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Progreston Falls	Canada
country	Kurkunta is a village in Gulbarga district's Sedam taluq, Karnataka India.	Kurkunta	India
country	Küvənil (also, Güvənil, Kuvanil'', and Kuvenil'') is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Küvənil	Azerbaijan
country	China Northwest Airlines Co., Ltd. (中国西北航空公司) was an airline based in the People's Republic of China, with its headquarters in Xian.	China Northwest Airlines	People's Republic of China
country	Hippodrome de Vincennes is a horse racing track located in Paris, France.	Hippodrome de Vincennes	France
country	Kuchkun (Persian: کوچکون‎, also Romanized as Kūchkūn; also known as Nes̄ār-e Anārakī) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuchkun	Iran
country	Info Source is a Canadian government agency repository of information about or collected by the government of Canada.	Info Source	Canada
country	Pir Bakhsh Bhutto is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Ratodero Taluka in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Pir Bakhsh Bhutto	Pakistan
country	Sinamaica is the seat of Páez Municipality, in Zulia State, Venezuela.	Sinamaica	Venezuela
country	Sant'Andrea di Conza is a town and comune in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.	Sant'Andrea di Conza	Italy
country	Kanuni Bridge (Turkish: Kanuni Köprüsü), aka Palace Bridge for Saray Köprüsü, is a historic Ottoman bridge in Edirne, Turkey.	Kanuni Bridge	Turkey
country	The Jewish Museum of Rhodes (Greek: Εβραϊκό Μουσείο της Ρόδου) is a museum on the island of Rhodes, eastern Greece.	Jewish Museum of Rhodes	Greece
country	Hareeri is a small village in Bardera District located in Gedo Region of Somalia.	Hareeri	Somalia
country	Hasborn-Dautweiler is a part of the municipality Tholey in the district of Sankt Wendel in the northern Saarland, Germany.	Hasborn-Dautweiler	Germany
country	Campo Magro is a county in the Great Curitiba, state of Paraná, Brazil.	Campo Magro	Brazil
country	Barratt Due Institute of Music (initiated 1927 in Oslo, Norway) is a music education institute founded by the pianist Mary Barratt Due and the violinist Henrik Adam Due.	Barratt Due Institute of Music	Norway
country	Borno, also known as Borno State, is a state in north-eastern Nigeria.	Borno State	Nigeria
country	Miskanak (Persian: ميسكنك‎, also Romanized as Mīskanak; also known as Meskanak and Mīs Kan) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Miskanak	Iran
country	Alexandria Asiana was a city in present-day Iran, one of the seventy-plus cities founded or renamed by Alexander the Great.	Alexandria Asiana	Iran
country	New Barag Right Banner (Mongolian: ᠰᠢᠨ᠎ᠡ ᠪᠠᠷᠭᠤ ᠪᠠᠷᠠᠭᠤᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Sin-e Barɣu Baraɣun qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 新巴尔虎右旗; traditional Chinese: 新巴爾虎右旗; pinyin: Xīn Bā'ěrhǔ Yòuqí) is a banner of northern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, bordering Mongolia in all directions but the east.	New Barag Right Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Chadiza District with the headquarters at Chadiza lies in the extreme south-east corner of Zambia, bordering Malawi to its east and Mozambique to its south.	Chadiza District	Zambia
country	Yalinga Airport (IATA: AIG, ICAO: FEFY) is a public use airport located near Yalinga, Haute-Kotto, the Central African Republic.	Yalinga Airport	Central African Republic
country	Kələk (also, Kelek and Kyalyak) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kələk	Azerbaijan
country	Hamnsund Church (Norwegian: Hamnsund kyrkje) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Hamnsund Church	Norway
country	The Sierra de Chinajá is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala.	Sierra de Chinajá	Guatemala
country	Malakal (Arabic: ملكال Malakāl‎) is a city in South Sudan.	Malakal	South Sudan
country	Qeshlaq-e Gazeran (Persian: قشلاق گازران‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Gāzerān) is a village in Khondab Rural District, in the Central District of Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Gazeran	Iran
country	Malaya Volokovaya (Russian: Малая Волоковая, ) is a body of water on the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Malaya Volokovaya	Russia
country	Chawinda is a town of the tehsil Pasrur of Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Chawinda	Pakistan
country	Sarmak (Persian: سرمك‎) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Sarmak	Iran
country	Campagna internment camp, located in Campagna, a town near Salerno in Southern Italy, was an internment camp for Jews and foreigners established by Benito Mussolini in 1940.	Campagna internment camp	Italy
country	Tenala (Finnish: Tenhola) is a former municipality in Uusimaa, Finland.	Tenala	Finland
country	The Archaeological Museum of Drama is located in the city of Drama in East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Archaeological Museum of Drama	Greece
country	Hudson's Hope is a district municipality in northeastern British Columbia, Canada, in the Peace River Regional District.	Hudson's Hope	Canada
country	The British League Division Two Knockout Cup (known as the National League Knockout Cup between 1976 and 1990 in line with the name of the league) was a motorcycle speedway competition in the United Kingdom governed by the Speedway Control Bureau (SCB), in conjunction with the British Speedway Promoters' Association (BSPA).	British League Division Two Knockout Cup	United Kingdom
country	Larnaca Castle (Greek: Κάστρο Λάρνακας Turkish: Larnaka Kalesi), is a castle located on the southern coast of Cyprus.	Larnaca Castle	Cyprus
country	Caçu is a municipality in southwest Goiás state, Brazil.	Caçu	Brazil
country	Trebča Vas (pronounced (ˈtɾeːptʃa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Trebča vas) is a village on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Trebča Vas	Slovenia
country	Hinthada District (Burmese: ဟင်္သာတခရိုင်; formerly Henzada District) is a district of Ayeyarwady Division, Myanmar.	Hinthada District	Myanmar
country	Gendema is a rural town in Pujehun District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone.	Gendema	Sierra Leone
country	Hlevni Vrh (pronounced (ˈxleːu̯ni ˈʋəɾx)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hlevni Vrh	Slovenia
country	Weiz-Unterfladnitz Airport (German: Flugplatz Weiz-Unterfladnitz, ICAO: LOGW) is a private use airport located 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-southeast of Weiz, Styria, Austria.	Weiz-Unterfladnitz Airport	Austria
country	The Edumanom Forest Reserve is an area in the Niger Delta region of southeast Nigeria that is home to some of the last chimpanzees in Nigeria.	Edumanom Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	Itaguazurenda Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Itaguazurenda, ICAO: SLIT) is a public use airport located near Itaguazurenda, Santa Cruz, Bolivia.	Itaguazurenda Airport	Bolivia
country	A Government-owned and controlled corporation (GOCC), sometimes with an ``and/or'', is a term in the Philippines used to describe government-owned corporations that conduct both commercial and non-commercial activity.	Government-owned and controlled corporation	Philippines
country	The Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union (CFMEU) is Australia's main trade union in construction, forestry and furnishing products, mining and energy production.	Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Union	Australia
country	Thottuva Dhanwanthari temple is a Hindu temple located in Thottuva, Kerala, India.	Thottuva Dhanwanthari temple	India
country	Spassk-Ryazansky (Russian: Спасск-Ряза́нский) is a town and the administrative center of Spassky District in Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located on the shores of Lake Spasskoye, 55 kilometers (34 mi) southeast of Ryazan, the administrative center of the oblast.	Spassk-Ryazansky	Russia
country	Kennon Road (formerly the Benguet Road and also known as the Rosario--Baguio Road) is a roadway in Benguet province in the Philippines connecting the mountain city of Baguio to the lowland towns of Rosario and Pugo in La Union province.	Kennon Road	Philippines
country	The Talnikovy Waterfall (Тальниковый водопад) is supposed to be the highest waterfall in Russia and all of continental Asia.	Talnikovy Waterfall	Russia
country	Harab (Persian: هراب‎, also Romanized as Harāb) is a village in Qurigol Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Harab	Iran
country	Belišće (pronounced (bɛ̌liːʃtɕɛ)) is a town in Croatia, located in the region of Slavonia, Osijek-Baranja County, at the altitude of 93 m. The population of the city is 6,518 (2011), with 10,825 in the municipality.	Belišće	Croatia
country	Haute Loue (French meaning the Upper Loue) is a river in the Dordogne department of France.	Haute Loue	France
country	Santa Olalla del Cala is a large village within the Autonomous region of Andalucia in southern Spain.	Santa Olalla del Cala	Spain
country	The Muñoz Seca Theater (Teatro Muñoz Seca) is a theater in Madrid, Spain.	Muñoz Seca Theater	Spain
country	Lo Stadio della neve was a temporary stadium located in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.	Lo Stadio della neve	Italy
country	Adraspalle is a village in Ranga Reddy district, in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Adraspalle	India
country	Absolute World is a residential condominium twin tower skyscraper complex in the five tower Absolute City Centre development in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Absolute World	Canada
country	Geertruidenberg (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣeːrtrœy̆də(m)ˌbɛrx)) is a city and municipality in the province North Brabant in the south of the Netherlands.	Geertruidenberg	Netherlands
country	Miniszewo (miniˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Wielkopolski, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Miniszewo	Poland
country	St George's Street railway station is now a disused train station in Auckland, New Zealand.	St George's Street railway station	New Zealand
country	Al-Shaghour (Arabic: الشاغور‎) is a municipality and a neighborhood located in the old walled city of Damascus, Syria, south and east of the Old City, and east of al-Midan.	Al-Shaghour	Syria
country	Boongaree Island is located off the Kimberley coast of Western Australia.	Boongaree Island	Australia
country	Mokrsko (ˈmɔkrskɔ) is a village in Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mokrsko	Poland
country	The Austro-Hungarian Navy was the naval force of Austria-Hungary.	Austro-Hungarian Navy	Austria-Hungary
country	El Tepeyac National Park is one of a number of federally recognized national parks in Mexico that are protected natural areas and administered by the federal National Commission of Protected Natural Areas (CONANP), a subsidiary of SEMARNAT (Ministry of Environment).	El Tepeyac National Park	Mexico
country	The Super Tourenwagen Cup, or German Supertouring Championship, was a touring car racing series held between 1994 and 1999 in Germany.	Super Tourenwagen Cup	Germany
country	Tsavo is a region of Kenya located at the crossing of the Uganda Railway over the Tsavo River, close to where it meets the Athi River.	Tsavo	Kenya
country	Muhaksan is a mountain in southern South Korea, lying in Changwon with a peak reaching 761.4m above sea level.	Muhaksan	South Korea
country	Uniejów Castle - one of the main places of interest in Uniejów, Łódź Voivodeship; in Poland.	Uniejów Castle	Poland
country	The Tikotin Museum of Japanese Art is a museum on the crest of Mount Carmel, in Haifa, Israel, dedicated to the preservation and exhibition of Japanese art. It is the only such museum in the Middle East.	Tikotin Museum of Japanese Art	Israel
country	Ambohidratrimo is a town in Analamanga Region, in the Central Highlands of Madagascar, located on what has historically been considered one of the Twelve sacred hills of Imerina.	Ambohidratrimo	Madagascar
country	The Fremantle Journal and General Advertiser was the first newspaper ever published in Western Australia.	Fremantle Journal and General Advertiser	Australia
country	Ryboły (rɨˈbɔwɨ) (Ukrainian: Риболи, Ryboly) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ryboły	Poland
country	Manamoc is an island-barangay in the Sulu Sea, in the northeastern part of the province of Palawan in the Philippines.	Manamoc	Philippines
country	La Minerve (French for ``The Minerva'') was a newspaper founded in Montreal, Lower Canada (present-day Quebec) by Augustin-Norbert Morin to promote the political goals of Louis-Joseph Papineau's Parti patriote.	La Minerve	Canada
country	Instinción (Spanish: (instinˈθjon), locally: (ɪ̃ʰtːɪnˈθjon)) is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Instinción	Spain
country	Uhe is a village in Mäetaguse Parish, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.	Uhe	Estonia
country	South Halmahera Regency or Halmahera Selatan is a regency of North Maluku Province, Indonesia.	South Halmahera Regency	Indonesia
country	Brzozowo-Muzyły (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ muˈzɨwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowo-Muzyły	Poland
country	The Roman Amphitheatre of Cagliari is an ancient Roman amphitheatre, located in the city of Cagliari, southern Sardinia, Italy.	Roman Amphitheatre of Cagliari	Italy
country	Dasarahalli, Hoskote, is a town and a city municipal council in Bangalore Rural district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Dasarahalli	India
country	The Laboratoire d'Informatique de Grenoble (LIG, Grenoble Computer Science Laboratory) is the largest research laboratory of Informatics in Grenoble, France.	Laboratoire d'Informatique de Grenoble	France
country	Kubu Island (Ga'nnyo) is a dry granite rock island located in the Makgadikgadi Pan area of Botswana.	Kubu Island	Botswana
country	Mount Bellamy is a mountain in the Owen Stanley Range in south-eastern Papua New Guinea.	Mount Bellamy	Papua New Guinea
country	Fort Saskatchewan is a city in Alberta, Canada, located 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Edmonton, Alberta's capital city, along the North Saskatchewan River.	Fort Saskatchewan	Canada
country	Bejdy (ˈbɛi̯dɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanka, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bejdy	Poland
country	Issime (Éischemtöitschu: Éischeme; German: Einsimmen) is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.	Issime	Italy
country	Loudun (; ) is a commune in the Vienne department in the Poitou-Charentes region in western France.	Loudun	France
country	Ta'if (; ()) is a city in Mecca Province of Saudi Arabia at an elevation of on the slopes of Sarawat Mountains (Al-Sarawat Mountains).	Ta'if	Saudi Arabia
country	Tappeh Goji (Persian: تپه گجي‎‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Gojī, Tappeh Kojī, Tappeh-ye Gorg, Tappeh Gachī, and Tepe Gurg) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tappeh Goji	Iran
country	Gothem Church (Swedish: Gothems kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby (Sweden).	Gothem Church	Sweden
country	Bydgoszcz County (Polish: powiat bydgoski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Bydgoszcz County	Poland
country	The Cypriot Cup (Greek: Κύπελλο Κύπρου) is the main cup competition in Cypriot football, run by the Cyprus Football Association.	Cypriot Cup	Cyprus
country	The Orto Botanico Comunale di Lucca is a botanical garden located at Via del Giardino Botanico, 14, Lucca, Italy, and operated by the city.	Orto Botanico Comunale di Lucca	Italy
country	Chomiec (ˈxɔmjɛt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chomiec	Poland
country	Ylikiiminki (Swedish: Överkiminge) is a former municipality of Finland.	Ylikiiminki	Finland
country	The Fundéu BBVA (formerly The Foundation of Urgent Spanish) is a non-profit organization created in February 2005 in Madrid, Spain.	Fundéu BBVA	Spain
country	Federal Rest House or Rumah Peranginan Persekutuan are the rest house owned by the Federal Government of Malaysia under Property Management Division of the Prime Minister's Department (Bahagian Pengurusan Harta, Jabatan Perdana Menteri).	Federal Rest House	Malaysia
country	Lac de Coiselet is a reservoir on the border between the Ain and Jura departments in France.	Lac de Coiselet	France
country	Moasseseh-ye Hajj Hamudamari (Persian: موسسه حاج حمودعامري‎, also Romanized as Moasseseh-ye Ḩājj Ḩamūdʿāmarī) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Moasseseh-ye Hajj Hamudamari	Iran
country	Dashtineh (Persian: دشتينه‎, also Romanized as Dashtīneh) is a village in Armand Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dashtineh	Iran
country	Vezmedar (Persian: وزمدر‎, also Romanized as Vezmādār and Vazmadar) is a village in Pachehlak-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Vezmedar	Iran
country	Rishi Pahar is a Himalayan mountain peak, located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India.	Rishi Pahar	India
country	Temryuk (Russian: Темрю́к) is a town and the administrative center of Temryuksky District in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Taman Peninsula on the right bank of the Kuban River not far from its entry into the Temryuk Bay, amid a field of mud volcanoes.	Temryuk	Russia
country	Shish Yeki (Persian: شيش يكي‎, also Romanized as Shīsh Yekī) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shish Yeki	Iran
country	Persan-Beaumont Airport (French: Aérodrome de Persan - Beaumont, ICAO: LFPA) is a regional airport in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.	Persan-Beaumont Airport	France
country	Forte Village Resort is a hotel and resort complex located in Sardinia, Italy founded in 1970.	Forte Village Resort	Italy
country	Serpon Sugar Mill is an historical site in Belize, consisting of the remnants of a steam-powered sugar mill whose construction in 1865 marked the beginning of the country's industrial era.	Serpon Sugar Mill	Belize
country	Johor Bahru (Malaysian pronunciation: (ˈjohorˈbahru), Jawi: جوهر بهرو‎, Chinese: 新山; pinyin: Xīnshān, Tamil: ஜொகூர் பாரு), formerly known as Tanjung Puteri or Iskandar Puteri, is the capital of the state of Johor, Malaysia.	Johor Bahru	Malaysia
country	Montesquieu-des-Albères (Catalan: Montesquiu d'Albera) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Montesquieu-des-Albères	France
country	Khan Qoli (Persian: خانقلي‎, also Romanized as Khān Qolī) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khan Qoli	Iran
country	The Bellevue Mosque (Swedish: Bellevuemoskén) is a mosque in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Bellevue Mosque	Sweden
country	Lough Eske or Lough Eask (from Irish Loch Iascaigh or Loch Iasc, meaning ``Lake of the Fish'') is a small lake in County Donegal, in the northwest of Ireland.	Lough Eske	Ireland
country	Nowy Świętochów (ˈnɔvɨ ɕfjɛnˈtɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Świętochów	Poland
country	Vapila (Macedonian: Вапила) is a village in Ohrid Municipality, Macedonia.	Vapila	Macedonia
country	Húsavík is a town in Norðurþing municipality on the north coast of Iceland on the shores of Skjálfandi bay with 2,237 inhabitants.	Húsavík	Iceland
country	The Mundaneum is a non profit organisation based in Mons, Belgium that runs an exhibition space, website and archive which celebrate the legacy of the original Mundaneum established by Paul Otlet and Henri La Fontaine in the early twentieth century.	Mundaneum	Belgium
country	Vose' District or Nohiya-i Vose' (Tajik: Ноҳияи Восеъ/Persian: ناحیۀ واسع‎) is a district in Khatlon province, Tajikistan.	Vose' District	Tajikistan
country	Shahrak-e Jafariyeh (Persian: شهرك جعفريه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ja``farīyeh; also known as Ja``farīyeh) is a village in Ferdows Rural District, in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,856, in 1,933 families.	Shahrak-e Jafariyeh	Iran
country	1944 A Mosque Committee comprising various prominent Muslim diplomats and Muslim residents in the United Kingdom accepted the gift and The Islamic Cultural Centre which includes the London Central Mosque, was established and officially opened in November by His Majesty King George VI.	London Central Mosque	United Kingdom
country	Aswan (English pronunciation: /ˌæsˈwɑːn/; Egyptian Arabic: أسوان Aswān (ʔɑsˈwɑːn); Ancient Egyptian: Swenett; Coptic: ⲥⲟⲩⲁⲛ Souan; Ancient Greek: Συήνη Syene), formerly spelled Assuan, is a city in the south of Egypt, the capital of the Aswan Governorate.	Aswan	Egypt
country	Mowtowr-e Abdol Naser Kelekeli (Persian: موتورعبدالناصركلكلي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbdoln Naşer Kelkelī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Abdol Naser Kelekeli	Iran
country	Lake Moeraki is a small lake on the Moeraki River on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Lake Moeraki	New Zealand
country	Whitlam Square, located in Sydney, Australia, constitutes an important intersection of major streets in the south-eastern portion of the city's Central Business District.	Whitlam Square	Australia
country	Lake Manzala (Arabic: بحيرة المنزلة‎ baḥīrat manzala), also Manzaleh, is a brackish lake, sometimes called a lagoon, in northeastern Egypt on the Nile Delta near Port Said and a few miles from the ancient ruins at Tanis.	Lake Manzala	Egypt
country	Örebro County (Swedish: Örebro län) is a county or län in central Sweden.	Örebro County	Sweden
country	Karpinsky Group (Russian: Вулкан Карпинского) is a volcanic group located at the southern end of Paramushir Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Karpinsky Group	Russia
country	Edisa (Georgian: ედისა, Ossetian: Едыс) is a settlement in the Java district of Georgia.	Edisa	Georgia
country	Pudob (pronounced (ˈpuːdɔp)) is a village south of Stari Trg pri Ložu in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Pudob	Slovenia
country	Shotor Cheshmeh (Persian: شترچشمه‎) is a village in Faravan Rural District, Kohanabad District, Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Shotor Cheshmeh	Iran
country	The Fierza Hydroelectric Power Station (Albanian: Hidrocentrali i Fierzës) is a large hydroelectric power station on the Drin River, in Albania.	Fierza Hydroelectric Power Station	Albania
country	The Daily Mail Tournament was a professional golf tournament played in the United Kingdom.	Daily Mail Tournament	United Kingdom
country	H. C. Andersens Boulevard is the most densely trafficated artery in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	H. C. Andersens Boulevard	Denmark
country	Bahir Dar or Bahar Dar (Amharic: ባሕር ዳር?, Baḥər Dar, ``sea shore'') is a city in north-western Ethiopia.	Bahir Dar	Ethiopia
country	The Nanjing South Railway Station (Chinese: 南京南站) (IATA: NKJ) is a high-speed railway station in Nanjing, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China, serving the Jinghu High-Speed Railway, Huning Intercity Rail, Ninghang Passenger Railway and the Huhanrong (Shanghai--Wuhan--Chengdu) Railways.	Nanjing South Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Mackay Courthouse is located at 12 Brisbane Street, Mackay in Queensland, Australia.	Mackay Courthouse	Australia
country	Brenton-on-Sea is a settlement and seaside resort town 15km west of Knysna in Eden District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Brenton-on-Sea	South Africa
country	Fujeh Kandi (Persian: فوجه كندي‎, also Romanized as Fūjeh Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Fujeh Kandi	Iran
country	The 2013 Campeonato Cearense de Futebol was the 99th season of top professional football league in the state of Ceará, Brazil.	2013 Campeonato Cearense	Brazil
country	Etang Grenon or Lac Grenon is a lake at Montana in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Etang Grenon	Switzerland
country	Toliara (also known as Toliary, (tuliˈar); formerly Tuléar) is a city in Madagascar.	Toliara	Madagascar
country	Turning Point Alcohol and Drug Centre is an alcohol and other drugs organisation located in the inner Melbourne (Australia) suburb of Fitzroy.	Turning Point Alcohol and Drug Centre	Australia
country	Punkaharju Airfield is an airfield in Punkaharju, Finland, about 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Punkaharju municipal centre.	Punkaharju Airfield	Finland
country	Khalil Shahr (Persian: خليل شهر‎, also Romanized as Khalīl Shahr; formerly, Khalil Mahalleh (Persian: خليل محله), also Romanized as Khalīl Maḩalleh and Khallī Mahalleh) is a city in the Central District of Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khalil Shahr	Iran
country	Srebrzyszcze (srɛˈbʐɨʂt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełm, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Srebrzyszcze	Poland
country	The Darling Scarp, also referred to as the Darling Range or Darling Ranges, is a low escarpment running north-south to the east of the Swan Coastal Plain and Perth, Western Australia.	Darling Scarp	Australia
country	Papacharalambeio National Stadium (Greek: Παπαχαραλάμπειο Εθνικό Στάδιο) in Nafpaktos, Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, is the home stadium of Nafpaktiakos Asteras football club.	Papacharalambeio National Stadium	Greece
country	Gare de Suresnes-Mont-Valérien is a railway station serving the town Suresnes, Hauts-de-Seine department, in the western suburbs of Paris, France.	Gare de Suresnes-Mont-Valérien	France
country	Os Resentidos (The Resentfuls) was a Galician rock band from Vigo, Spain founded in 1982 by Antón Reixa, Alberto Torrado, Rubén Losada, and Javier Soto.	Os Resentidos	Spain
country	The Fortaleza Metro (Portuguese: Metrô de Fortaleza, commonly called Metrofor) is the meter gauge 43-kilometer (27 mi) metropolitan rail system that operates in the city of Fortaleza in Ceará, Brazil.	Fortaleza Metro	Brazil
country	ReQuest Dance Crew (also known as ReQuest) are an all-female hip-hop dance crew from Auckland, New Zealand.	ReQuest Dance Crew	New Zealand
country	Pumakancha (Quechua puma cougar, puma, kancha enclosure, enclosed place, yard, a frame, or wall that encloses, hispanicized spelling Pumacancha) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru, about 4,547.9 metres (14,921 ft) high.	Pumakancha	Peru
country	Grzędowo (ɡʐɛnˈdɔvɔ) (German: Rödersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Grzędowo	Poland
country	The Serious Crimes Unit was the official title given to an elite unit of International Police investigators during the United Nations 1999 to 2004 mission in East Timor.	Serious Crimes Unit	East Timor
country	Białobrzeg (bjaˈwɔbʐɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Białobrzeg	Poland
country	Gezelan (Persian: گزلان‎, also Romanized as Gezelān) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gezelan	Iran
country	Goluj Subregion is a subregion in the western Gash-Barka region (Zoba Gash-Barka) of Eritrea.	Goluj Subregion	Eritrea
country	Markim Church (Swedish: Markims kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Diocese of Stockholm in Stockholm County, Sweden.	Markim Church	Sweden
country	The Kangso Three Tombs are mausoleums located in Kangso-guyok, North Korea.	Kangso Three Tombs	North Korea
country	The 1972 Summer Olympics (German: Olympische Sommerspiele 1972), officially known as the Games of the XX Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in Munich, West Germany, from August 26 to September 11, 1972.	1972 Summer Olympics	Germany
country	CAV High School also known as Chandulal Anglo-Vedic High School is a public high school located in Hisar city of Haryana, India.	CAV High School	India
country	Dasht Raz (Persian: دشترز‎; also known as Dasht Zar) is a village in Jirandeh Rural District, Amarlu District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dasht Raz	Iran
country	Golol (Somali: Golol), or Ximan Golol, is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Golol	Somalia
country	Ponte San Giovanni is a frazione of the city of Perugia, Italy.	Ponte San Giovanni	Italy
country	Nam Wan Tunnel is a tunnel in Hong Kong opened to traffic on 20 December 2009, along with the West Tsing Yi Viaduct, East Tsing Yi Viaduct and Stonecutters Bridge.	Nam Wan Tunnel	Hong Kong
country	CBVT-DT (branded on-air as ICI Québec) is the Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	CBVT-DT	Canada
country	Sadr Expressway is a freeway in northern Tehran, Iran.	Sadr Expressway	Iran
country	Padilla de Arriba is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Padilla de Arriba	Spain
country	Derwen College is a Further Education College situated in Oswestry in Shropshire in the United Kingdom which provides residential further education for students with learning difficulties and disabilities.	Derwen College	United Kingdom
country	The Kirkuk Citadel (Kurdish: Qelay Kerkûk, Arabic: قلعة كركوك‎ Qal’at Karkuk, Turkish: Kerkük Kalesi) is located in the centre of the city of Kirkuk in Iraq, and is considered to be the oldest part of the city.	Kirkuk Citadel	Iraq
country	Bahor (Persian: بهار‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Bahor	Tajikistan
country	Andizhan Airport (IATA: AZN, ICAO: UTKA) is an airport serving Andijan (also spelled Andijan), the capital city of the Andijan Region in Uzbekistan.	Andizhan Airport	Uzbekistan
country	Dolní Benešov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdolɲiː ˈbɛnɛʃof); German: Beneschau) is a small town in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Dolní Benešov	Czech Republic
country	Shervedan (Persian: شرودان‎, also Romanized as Shervedān; also known as Shervehdān and Shīrvedān) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Shervedan	Iran
country	Veendam (Dutch pronunciation: (veːnˈdɑm)) is a town and municipality with a population of 27,752 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands.	Veendam	Netherlands
country	Landås is a neighbourhood in the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Landås	Norway
country	The Gushegu District is one of the twenty (20) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana.	Gushegu District	Ghana
country	Azhdar Khowsh (Persian: اژدرخوس‎) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Azhdar Khowsh	Iran
country	Gebze railway station is a station on the Istanbul-Ankara Main Line in Gebze, Turkey.	Gebze railway station	Turkey
country	Paramakatoi is a community in the Potaro-Siparuni Region of Guyana, located at 4°43′0``N 59°42′0''W, Altitude 970 metres.	Paramakatoi	Guyana
country	Budelli is an island in the Maddalena archipelago, near the strait of Bonifacio in northern Sardinia, Italy.	Budelli	Italy
country	With 814,439 inhabitants, Teresina is the 19th largest city in Brazil, and the 15th largest state capital in the country.	Teresina	Brazil
country	Korabelnoye (Russian: Корабельное) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in administrative jurisdiction of the closed administrative-territorial formation of Ostrovnoy in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 27 meters (89 ft) above sea level.	Korabelnoye	Russia
country	The Warmer Damm is a public park in the centre of Wiesbaden, Germany, stretching from the Wilhelmstraße to the southern borders of the Kurpark and lying immediately in front of the Hessian State Theater.	Warmer Damm	Germany
country	Scholars disagree over whether the overall tone of the Heliand lends to the text being an example of a Germanized Christianity or a Christianized Germany.	Heliand	Germany
country	Mount Clarke is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located 21 km (13 mi) northwest of Hemlock Valley and 6 km (4 mi) south of Grainger Peak.	Mount Clarke	Canada
country	Petit-Enghien (French; Lettelingen in Dutch) is a town and section de commune in the municipality of Enghien in Hainaut, Wallonia, Belgium.	Petit-Enghien	Belgium
country	Forni di Sopra (Fornes: For di Sora) is a town and comune in the province of Udine, in Dolomite Alps mountain range (north-eastern Italy).	Forni di Sopra	Italy
country	The Tempisque River, or Río Tempisque, is 144 km long, located entirely in Costa Rica flowing from the Guanacaste Cordillera near the Orosí Volcano and emptying into the Gulf of Nicoya.	Tempisque River	Costa Rica
country	Kalleh-ye Espid-e Eslamabad (Persian: كله اسپيداسلام اباد‎, also Romanized as Kalleh-ye Espīd-e Eslāmābād; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh-ye Espid-e Eslamabad	Iran
country	Barnówko (barˈnufkɔ) (German: Berneuchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Barnówko	Poland
country	Nara Unateze is a town located in Nkanu East Local Government Area of Enugu State Nigeria.	Nara Unateze	Nigeria
country	The Château de Blandy-les-Tours is a medieval castle in the village of Blandy-les-Tours (Seine-et-Marne, France); it is about 5 km from the château de Vaux-le-Vicomte and 10 km from Melun.	Château de Blandy-les-Tours	France
country	Dvorichna (Ukrainian: Дворічна) is an urban type settlement in the Kharkiv Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Dvorichna	Ukraine
country	Tvrđa (Citadel) is the Old Town of the city of Osijek in Croatia.	Tvrđa	Croatia
country	Dlhoňa (Rusyn: Длгоня, Hungarian: Dolgonya) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Dlhoňa	Slovakia
country	Dolenje Jezero (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈjeːzɛɾɔ); German: Unterseedorf) is a village on the northern edge of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Dolenje Jezero	Slovenia
country	Fabili (Persian: فابيلي‎, also Romanized as Fābīlī; also known as Fablī) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Fabili	Iran
country	Jeombongsan is a mountain between the counties of Inje and Yangyang, Gangwon-do in South Korea.	Jeombongsan	South Korea
country	Şivlik is a village in the municipality of Baliton in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan and many good people live there.	Şivlik	Azerbaijan
country	Strasbourg Eurométropole or Eurométropole de Strasbourg (formerly the Urban Community of Strasbourg) is the intercommunal structure gathering the city of Strasbourg (France) and its suburbs.	Strasbourg Eurométropole	France
country	Apastovsky District (Russian: Апа́стовский райо́н; Tatar Cyrillic: Апас районы, Latin: Apas rayonı) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Apastovsky District	Russia
country	Tribschen (also seen as Triebschen) is a district of the city of Lucerne, in the Canton of Lucerne in central Switzerland.	Tribschen	Switzerland
country	Industrieverband Fahrzeugbau ('Industrial Association for Vehicle Construction'), usually abbreviated as IFA, was a conglomerate and a union of companies for vehicle construction in the former East Germany (German: Deutsche Demokratische Republik - DDR).	Industrieverband Fahrzeugbau	East Germany
country	Saint-Brieuc Cathedral Basilica (French: Basilique-Cathédrale Saint-Étienne de Saint-Brieuc) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of Brittany (France), located in the town of Saint-Brieuc.	Saint-Brieuc Cathedral	France
country	Bankya (Bulgarian: Банкя) is a small town and district located on the outskirts of Sofia in western Bulgaria.	Bankya	Bulgaria
country	Pusmulići (Serbian: Пусмулићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pusmulići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ife Central (Yoruba: Gbongan Ife) is a Local Government Area in Osun State, Nigeria.	Ife Central	Nigeria
country	Amir Zakaria (Persian: اميرذكريا‎, also Romanized as Amīr Zakarīā, Amīr Zakarīyā, Amīr Z̄akaryā, and Amīr Z̄akareyyā; also known as Mīrzā Karān, Mirzakeran, and Mīrzā Qareh) is a village in Sis Rural District, in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Amir Zakaria	Iran
country	The Cozia National Park (Romanian: Parcul Naţional Cozia) (national park category II IUCN) is situated in Romania, in the north-east part of Vâlcea County, in administrative trerritory of localities Racoviţa, Perișani and Băile Olăneşti.	Cozia National Park	Romania
country	Skierniewice (skʲɛrɲɛˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a town in central Poland with 49,132 inhabitants (2007), situated in the Łódź Voivodship (since 1999), previously capital of Skierniewice Voivodship (1975--1998).	Skierniewice	Poland
country	Nea Nikomedeia (Greek: Νέα Νικομήδεια) is a village approximately 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) to the northeast of Veria in Imathia, in the region of Central Macedonia in northern Greece.	Nea Nikomedeia	Greece
country	Falperra Church or the Church of Santa Maria Madalena is a Baroque church located in the (serra da Falperra) Falperra mountains, outside of Braga, Portugal.	Falperra Church	Portugal
country	Kuźnia Raciborska (ˈkuʑɲa rat͡ɕiˈbɔrska) (German: Ratiborhammer) is a town in Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, with 5,630 inhabitants (2004).	Kuźnia Raciborska	Poland
country	Bogahakumbura (බෝගහකුඹුර in Sinhala language)is a rural town in Sri Lanka.	Bogahakumbura	Sri Lanka
country	Larkana railway station (Urdu: لاڑکانہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in middle of the Larkana, Sindh, Pakistan.	Larkana railway station	Pakistan
country	Kutno (ˈkutnɔ) is a town located in central Poland with 48,000 inhabitants (2005) and an area of 33.6 km2 (13.0 sq mi).	Kutno	Poland
country	Chojne (ˈxɔi̯nɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chojne	Poland
country	Krzyki (German: Krietern): is one of the five administrative boroughs (dzielnicas) of Wrocław, Poland.	Krzyki	Poland
country	As of July 2014, Nick Hutt has been the interim CEO of VTB Capital plc. Since 2009 VTB Capital has run an annual international investment forum, Russia Calling!, in both London and Moscow.	VTB Capital	Russia
country	Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Aymá is a major sports stadium located in San Juan de Tibás, San José, Costa Rica.	Estadio Ricardo Saprissa Aymá	Costa Rica
country	Svensky Monastery (Russian: Свенский монастырь) is a Russian Orthodox monastery located at the confluence of the Desna and Svin Rivers, three miles from Bryansk, Russia.	Svensky Monastery	Russia
country	Mito District is one of fifteen districts of the province of Concepción in Peru.	Mito District	Peru
country	Promontory Falls is an 18 metre horsetail, ribbon waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Promontory Falls	Canada
country	Patitiri (Greek: Πατητήρι) is the capital town of the island of Alonnisos in the Sporades archipelago, Greece.	Patitiri	Greece
country	Sutatausa (Spanish pronunciation: (sutaˈtausa)) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Sutatausa	Colombia
country	Tagish Lake is a lake in Yukon and northern British Columbia, Canada.	Tagish Lake	Canada
country	The Preis der Diana is a Group 1 flat horse race in Germany open to three-year-old thoroughbred fillies.	Preis der Diana	Germany
country	The 2008 Vladikavkaz bombing took place on a routed taxicab, which was unloading passengers at a market in Vladikavkaz, North Ossetia, Russia on November 6, 2008 killing 12 and injuring 41.	2008 Vladikavkaz bombing	Russia
country	Motunui is a settlement in northern Taranaki, in the North Island of New Zealand.	Motunui	New Zealand
country	CIQW-FM is a tourist information radio station which broadcasts on the frequency 99.3 MHz FM in Quinte West, Ontario, Canada.	CIQW-FM	Canada
country	Haveli Baghal is a village in the Dadyal tehsil of Mirpur District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Haveli Baghal	Pakistan
country	The Čik or Čiker (Serbian Cyrillic: Чик or Чикер; Hungarian: Csík-ér, Croatian: Čik or Čiker) is a river in northern Serbia.	Čik	Serbia
country	Deir Ful (Arabic: دير فول‎, also spelled Derful) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located northeast of Homs.	Deir Ful	Syria
country	Thurston Bay Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park on the northwest side of Sonora Island in British Columbia, Canada.	Thurston Bay Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Essen Cathedral Treasury (German: Essener Domschatz) is one of the most significant collections of religious artworks in Germany.	Essen Cathedral Treasury	Germany
country	Dompu (Indonesia: Kota Dompu) is a town and the administrative capital of the Dompu Regency, located in the eastern part of the island of Sumbawa, in central Indonesia's province of West Nusa Tenggara.	Dompu	Indonesia
country	Gare du Palais (``Palace Station'') is a train and bus station in Quebec City, Canada.	Gare du Palais	Canada
country	Fraugde is a village and southeastern suburb of Odense, with a population of 1,749 (1.January 2014), in Funen, Denmark.	Fraugde	Denmark
country	Nicholas Channel (also Saint Nicholas Channel; Spanish: Canal de Nicolas or Canal de San Nicolas) is a strait off the northeastern coast of Cuba.	Nicholas Channel	Cuba
country	Sekal (Persian: سكل‎, also Romanized as Sekal and Sekol; also known as Seh Gel) is a village in Bikah Rural District, Bikah District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sekal	Iran
country	Nok Ok (Thai: นกออก) is a subdistrict municipality (thesaban tambon) in Pak Thong Chai District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.	Nok Ok	Thailand
country	Mpraeso is a town and the capital of Kwahu South district, a district in the Eastern Region of south Ghana, located at an altitude of 367 m on the Kwahu Plateau, which forms the south-west boundary of Lake Volta.	Mpraeso	Ghana
country	Stockholm Skavsta Airport (Swedish: Stockholm Skavsta flygplats), or Nyköping Airport (IATA: NYO, ICAO: ESKN) is an international airport near Nyköping, Sweden, approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) southwest of Stockholm.	Stockholm Skavsta Airport	Sweden
country	Segura de los Baños is a municipality and ancient spa town located in the Cuencas Mineras comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Segura de los Baños	Spain
country	The Barrier River is a river in the Mount Aspiring National Park in the Southland region of New Zealand.	Barrier River	New Zealand
country	The Agstafachay reservoir (Azerbaijani: Ağstafaçay su anbarı) is a large reservoir in the Agstafa Rayon of northwestern Azerbaijan.	Agstafachay reservoir	Azerbaijan
country	The Château de Conros is a medieval castle, later heavily modified, situated in Arpajon-sur-Cère in the Cantal département of France.	Château de Conros	France
country	Rogożajny Wielkie (rɔɡɔˈʐai̯nɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Rogożajny Wielkie	Poland
country	Ludewa is a town and ward in Ludewa District of Njombe Region in Tanzania, East Africa.	Ludewa	Tanzania
country	The Arén Formation or Arén Sandstone Formation is a geological formation in Arén, Spain whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.	Arén Formation	Spain
country	Dantes Plads (lit. ``Dante's Square'') is a public square located in front of the Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek where it connects H. C. Andersens Boulevard to Vester Voldgade in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Dantes Plads	Denmark
country	Oppegård Station (Norwegian: Oppegård stasjon) is a railway station in Oppegård, Norway.	Oppegård Station	Norway
country	Casa Hacienda de Naic is a 19th-century structure classified as a casa hacienda (hacienda house) located in the town of Naic in Cavite province, Philippines.	Casa Hacienda de Naic	Philippines
country	Malakasi (Greek: Μαλακάσι) is a village and a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Malakasi	Greece
country	Nienadowa (ɲenaˈdɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nienadowa	Poland
country	Wlotzkasbaken or Wlotzka's Baken (German: Wlotzka's beacon, often shortened to Wlotzka or Wlotzkas) is a holiday settlement on Namibia's Atlantic coast, situated approximately halfway between Swakopmund and Hentiesbay.	Wlotzkasbaken	Namibia
country	Zbrojníky (Hungarian: Kétfegyvernek) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Zbrojníky	Slovakia
country	The Lötschental is the largest valley on the northern side of the Rhône valley in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Lötschental	Switzerland
country	Lələbağırlı (also, Lelabagyrli, Lelabagyrly, Lolabağırlı, and Lyalyabagyrly) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Lələbağırlı	Azerbaijan
country	ABC Radio National, known on-air as RN, is an Australia-wide non-commercial radio network run by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.	Radio National	Australia
country	Ziortza-Bolibar (Spanish: Cenarruza-Puebla de Bolívar) is a municipality in the province of Biscay, Basque Country (Spain), in the comarca of Lea-Artibai.	Ziortza-Bolibar	Spain
country	Dulsk-Frankowo (ˈdulsk franˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dulsk-Frankowo	Poland
country	Kampung Titingan (lit. 'Titingan village') is a village in Tawau, Sabah, Malaysia.	Kampung Titingan	Malaysia
country	Geysaran (Persian: گيساران‎, also Romanized as Geysārān) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Geysaran	Iran
country	Radoska (raˈdɔska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Radoska	Poland
country	Chulyshman River (Russian: Чулышман) is a river in Altai Republic in Russia.	Chulyshman River	Russia
country	Dohňany (Hungarian: Donány) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Dohňany	Slovakia
country	Hoseynabad-e Sedaqat (Persian: حسين ابادصداقت‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Şedāqat) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Sedaqat	Iran
country	Nguyễn Thượng Hiền High School (Vietnamese: Trường Trung học phổ thông Nguyễn Thượng Hiền) is a public high school in Hồ Chí Minh City, Vietnam.	Nguyễn Thượng Hiền High School	Vietnam
country	Bisztynek (bʲiʂˈtɨnɛk) (German: Bischofstein) is a town in Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,555 inhabitants (2004).	Bisztynek	Poland
country	Mets Ayrum (Armenian: Մեծ Այրում; also, Ayrum and Russified as Nizhniy Ayrum) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Mets Ayrum	Armenia
country	Sipaliwini Airstrip (IATA: SMSI), near the village of Sipaliwini, in the most southern part of Suriname in the same named District of Sipaliwini.	Sipaliwini Airstrip	Suriname
country	Der Standard is an Austrian national daily broadsheet newspaper published in Vienna, although the paper is produced in Tulln an der Donau in Lower Austria, due to lower taxes in that federal state.	Der Standard	Austria
country	Auto Union was formed in Germany in 1932 merging:	Auto Union	Germany
country	The Reykjanes Power Station is a geothermal power station located in Reykjanes at the southwestern tip of Iceland.	Reykjanes Power Station	Iceland
country	San Fili (Greek: Aghia Phyli) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	San Fili	Italy
country	Peresznye (Croatian: Prisika, German: Prössing) is a village in Vas (Eisenburg) county, Hungary, close to the border towards Austria which was drawn in 1921 according to the Treaty of Trianon.	Peresznye	Hungary
country	Mrocza (ˈmrɔt͡ʂa) (German: Mrotschen) is a town in Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,181 inhabitants (2004).	Mrocza	Poland
country	Zehtarabad (Persian: زهتراباد‎, also Romanized as Zehtarābād; also known as Zaitarābād, Zaytarabad, and Zeytarābād) is a village in Gilvan Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zehtarabad	Iran
country	The Abuja National Mosque, also known as the Nigerian National Mosque, is the national mosque of Nigeria, a country with a substantial Muslim population.	Abuja National Mosque	Nigeria
country	Moore Street (Irish: Sráid Uí Mhórdha) is a street in central Dublin, Ireland, off Henry Street, one of Ireland's main shopping streets.	Moore Street	Ireland
country	Liga Tucumana de Fútbol is a football league based in Tucumán Province in Argentina.	Liga Tucumana de Fútbol	Argentina
country	Dongduk Women's University (DWU) is a private university founded by Cho Dong-Shik who was a Korean independence activist, in Seoul, South Korea.	Dongduk Women's University	South Korea
country	Josefov (also Jewish quarter; German: Josefstadt) is a town quarter and the smallest cadastral area of Prague, Czech Republic, formerly the Jewish ghetto of the town.	Josefov	Czech Republic
country	Luchtverkeersleiding Nederland (LVNL) is the agency in charge of air traffic control in the airspace of the Netherlands.	Luchtverkeersleiding Nederland	Netherlands
country	Paradinha is a former civil parish in the municipality (concelho) of Moimenta da Beira, Portugal.	Paradinha	Portugal
country	Castres (French pronunciation: ​(kastʁ); Castras in the Languedocian dialect of Occitan) is a commune, and arrondissement capital in the Tarn department and Midi-Pyrénées region in southern France.	Castres	France
country	Kokelv Church (Norwegian: Kokelv kirke) is a parish church in Kvalsund Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kokelv Church	Norway
country	The University of Calicut is an affiliating university located at Thenjipalam in Malappuram district of Kerala state in India.	University of Calicut	India
country	Gardaneh-ye Khaki (Persian: گردنه خاكي‎, also Romanized as Gardaneh-ye Khākī) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Gardaneh-ye Khaki	Iran
country	As of 2001 census of India, Bisonvalley had a population of 12761 with 6449 males and 6312 females.	Bisonvalley	India
country	In this tradition, Vallecas is also home to Spain's most renowned ska band Ska-P, popular all over Europe and famous for its anarchist and leftist lyrics.	Vallecas	Spain
country	Simbal is a town in Northern Peru, capital of the district Simbal in Trujillo Province of the region La Libertad.	Simbal	Peru
country	Roedtan is a small town in the Limpopo province, South Africa, set in the midst of the Springbok Flats.	Roedtan	South Africa
country	Dolenje Podpoljane (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ pɔtpɔˈljaːnɛ); German: Unterpölland) is a small settlement halfway between Ribnica and Velike Lašče in southern Slovenia.	Dolenje Podpoljane	Slovenia
country	Boucoiran-et-Nozières is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.	Boucoiran-et-Nozières	France
country	Rothenburgsort is a quarter (German: Stadtteil) in the Hamburg-Mitte borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in northern Germany.	Rothenburgsort	Germany
country	Los Pingüinos Natural Monument (Spanish: Monumento natural Los Pingüinos, English: The Penguins Natural Monument) is located 35 km (22 mi) northeast of Punta Arenas, Chile.	Los Pingüinos Natural Monument	Chile
country	Popencu (Ukrainian: Попенки, Popenky, Russian: Попенки, Popenki) is a commune in the north of Transnistria, Moldova.	Popencu	Moldova
country	Fort Liard (pronounced ``lee-ahrd'') (Slavey language: Echaot'l Koe ``people from the land of the giants'' or Ahcho Kue) is a hamlet in the Dehcho Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Fort Liard	Canada
country	Pocinho is a village in northern Portugal, located in the Vila Nova de Foz Côa Municipality.	Pocinho	Portugal
country	The Jadro River is a watercourse in Dalmatia, Croatia that discharges to the Adriatic Sea.	Jadro	Croatia
country	Gjirokastër Obelisk or Mëmëdheu ABC is an obelisk monument in Gjirokastër, Albania.	Gjirokastër Obelisk	Albania
country	Metricon is a home building company in Australia.	Metricon	Australia
country	Kanayannur is a Taluk in the District of Ernakulam, in the state of Kerala, India.	Kanayannur	India
country	Cimeše (Cyrillic: Цимеше) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Cimeše	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kutubpur Datana ( known as Datana ) is a village of Rava Rajput (or Raya rajputs or Rawa Rajputs, a major clan of the Rajput) is a town in Muzaffarnagar district, India situated 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Budhana.	Kutubpur Datana	India
country	The North Luzon Expressway (NLE or NLEx), formerly known as the North Diversion Road and Manila North Expressway (MNEX), is a 2 to 8-lane limited-access toll expressway that connects Metro Manila to the provinces of the Central Luzon region in the Philippines.	North Luzon Expressway	Philippines
country	Talaies d'Alcalà (Valencian pronunciation: (taˈlajez ðaɫkaˈla), Spanish: Atalayas de Alcalá), also known as Serra de les Talaies or simply Les Talaies, is a 21.5 km long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca, Valencian Community, Spain.	Talaies d'Alcalà	Spain
country	Edith Stephens Wetland Park is a nature reserve for wetlands and fynbos, located in the city of Cape Town, South Africa.	Edith Stephens Wetland Park	South Africa
country	Hearst railway station in Hearst, Ontario, Canada is a railway station which acts as the terminus for the Algoma Central Railway train service.	Hearst railway station	Canada
country	Raikküla is a village in Raikküla Parish, Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.	Raikküla	Estonia
country	The Puddefjord Bridge (Norwegian: Puddefjordsbroen) is an arch bridge in Bergen, Norway.	Puddefjord Bridge	Norway
country	The Riksdag (Swedish: riksdagen or Sveriges riksdag) is the national legislature and the supreme decision-making body of Sweden.	Riksdag	Sweden
country	Sydół (ˈsɨduu̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sydół	Poland
country	Centrul Civic (Romanian: (ˈt͡ʃentrul ˈt͡ʃivik), the Civic Center) is a district in central Bucharest, Romania, which was completely rebuilt in the 1980s as part of the scheme of systematization under the dictator Nicolae Ceauşescu.	Centrul Civic	Romania
country	19 topographic points of the Struve Geodetic Arc are located in Belarus.	Struve Geodetic Arc	Belarus
country	Deidenberg is a village in the German-speaking Community of Belgium.	Deidenberg	Belgium
country	Castlebridge (Irish: Droichead an Chaisleáin) is a large village on the R741 regional road in County Wexford, Ireland, north of Wexford Town.	Castlebridge	Ireland
country	The Vărmaga River (Hungarian: Bán-patak or Vormágai-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Vărmaga River	Romania
country	Leiden Observatory (Sterrewacht Leiden in Dutch) is an astronomical observatory in the city of Leiden, the Netherlands.	Leiden Observatory	Netherlands
country	Digital Media City (DMC; Korean: 디지털미디어시티) is a high-tech complex for digital technologies, housing ubiquitous networked offices, apartments, exhibitions, conference halls and cultural centers in Seoul, South Korea.	Digital Media City	South Korea
country	La Cure is a small village located five miles north of Geneva, Switzerland.	La Cure	Switzerland
country	Parângu Mare (Romanian pronunciation: (paˈrɨŋ̩ɡu ˈmare), ``Big Parângu'') is a mountain peak in Romania.	Parângu Mare	Romania
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Karam Sharifi (Persian: مزرعه محمدكرم شريفي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammad Karam Sharīfī) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Karam Sharifi	Iran
country	Al-e Kabud (Persian: ْآل كبود‎, also Romanized as Āl-e Kabūd; also known as Alakabūd, Alā Kabūd, Āleh Kabūd, and Allākabūd) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Al-e Kabud	Iran
country	Dunsandel is a small rural township in the Canterbury Region of the South Island, New Zealand.	Dunsandel	New Zealand
country	The Frieda River Project is a large open cast mine - and associated infrastructure in Papua New Guinea.	Frieda River Project	Papua New Guinea
country	Talkhab-e Taj od Din (Persian: تلخاب تاج الدين‎, also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Tāj od Dīn; also known as Tāj ed Dīn) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Talkhab-e Taj od Din	Iran
country	Resko (ˈrɛskɔ) (German: Regenwalde) is a town in Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,436 inhabitants (2004).	Resko	Poland
country	Punkunnam(പുങ്കുന്നം) is a commercial and residential area in Thrissur city of Kerala in India.	Punkunnam	India
country	Medze parish (Latvian: Medzes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Grobiņa Municipality, Latvia.	Medze parish	Latvia
country	Al Hamriyah is the name of a coastal settlement of Sharjah on the northern perimeter of Ajman in the United Arab Emirates.	Al Hamriyah	United Arab Emirates
country	The Aiorman River or Peceneaga River is a river in Romania, tributary of the Danube	Aiorman River	Romania
country	Ezinge is the oldest, constantly inhabited village in The Netherlands and is in archeological context referred to as ``the Pompeii of the North'' Ezinge was a separate municipality until 1990, when it was merged with Winsum.	Ezinge	Netherlands
country	Čudno Selo (pronounced (ˈtʃuːdnɔ ˈsɛːlɔ); Slovene: Čudno selo) is a settlement on the right bank of the Lahinja River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Čudno Selo	Slovenia
country	Mount Tochal (Persian: توچال‎‎, also Romanized as Tochāl) is a mountain in the Alborz range and a ski resort adjacent to metropolitan Tehran, Iran.	Tochal	Iran
country	Narzana is one of three parishes in Sariego, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Narzana	Spain
country	Skänninge Abbey, also known as St. Ingrid's Priory, St. Martin's Priory or, simply, as Skänninge Nunnery, was a Roman Catholic convent for females of the Dominican Order in Skänninge in Sweden, in operation from 1272 until 1544.	Skänninge Abbey	Sweden
country	Little Andrews Bay Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Ootsa Lake in the Nechako Country in that province's Central Interior.	Little Andrews Bay Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Sadeghiyeh (also Sadeghieh, Sadeqiyeh) (Persian: صادقیه‎) is a heavily populated district of Tehran, Iran.	Sadeghiyeh	Iran
country	Kalateh-ye Shoqan (Persian: كلاته شقان‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Shoqān and Kalateh-e Shoqan; also known as Kalāteh-ye Shoqānīhā) is a village in Shoqan Rural District, Jolgeh Shoqan District, Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Shoqan	Iran
country	Neghots (Armenian: Նեղոց), is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Neghots	Armenia
country	Qurd ol Duran-e Kord (Persian: قوردالدرن كرد‎, also Romanized as Qūrd ol Dūran-e Kord; also kown as Kūrt Kandī and Qūrd ol Dūran) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qurd ol Duran-e Kord	Iran
country	The Snow Arena is an indoor ski slope in Druskininkai, Lithuania.	Snow Arena	Lithuania
country	Abano Terme (known as Abano Bagni until 1924) is a town and comune in the province of Padua, in the Veneto region, Italy, on the eastern slope of the Colli Euganei; it is 10 kilometres (6 mi) southwest by rail from Padua.	Abano Terme	Italy
country	Doncaster Hill is one of the highest points in the metropolitan area of Melbourne, Australia.	Doncaster Hill	Australia
country	Żerniki Wrocławskie (ʐɛrˈniki vrɔt͡sˈwafskʲɛ) (German: Schönborn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żerniki Wrocławskie	Poland
country	Konopki-Jałbrzyków Stok (kɔˈnɔpki jau̯ˈbʐɨkuf ˈstɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Konopki-Jałbrzyków Stok	Poland
country	Ensenada de la Broa is a bay in southern Cuba.	Ensenada de la Broa	Cuba
country	The Stenkvista runestone, designated as runic inscription Sö 111 in the Rundata catalog, is a memorial runestone located near the church at Stenkvista, which is two kilometers east of Skogstorp, Södermanland County, Sweden, which was formerly part of the historic Södermanland, and which features a depiction of Thor's hammer, Mjöllnir.	Stenkvista runestone	Sweden
country	Zębice (zɛmˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zębice	Poland
country	Uggleviksreservoaren (Swedish: The ``Uggleviken Reservoir'') is a water reservoir located in the forest Lilljansskogen near Uggleviken, a fen at Norra Djurgården in north-eastern central Stockholm, Sweden.	Uggleviksreservoaren	Sweden
country	The Théâtre des Célestins is a theatre building on Place des Célestins in Lyon, France.	Théâtre des Célestins	France
country	Barapalli is a village situated 3 km from district Nayagarh in Orissa, India.	Barapalli	India
country	Around 1881, Falna was initially set up as a railway station in Rajputana State Railway later in Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway.	Falna	India
country	Saskatchewan Minerals Inc. is a privately held company located in Saskatchewan, Canada, that mines and processes sodium sulphate.	Saskatchewan Minerals	Canada
country	Djamaa (Arabic: ﺟﺎﻣﻌﺔ‎) (also written Jama'a) is a town and commune in El Oued Province, Algeria.	Djamaa	Algeria
country	Čemše (pronounced (ˈtʃeːmʃɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia.	Čemše	Slovenia
country	Chivilcoy is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, the head town of the Chivilcoy Partido.	Chivilcoy	Argentina
country	Droß is a municipality in the district of Krems-Land, Lower Austria, Austria.	Droß	Austria
country	Qezel Dagh-e Kord (Persian: قزل داغ كرد‎, also Romanized as Qezel Dāgh-e Kord and Qezeldāgh-e Kord) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Dagh-e Kord	Iran
country	Welimada (වැලිමඩ)is a town in the Badulla District of the Uva Province of Sri Lanka.	Welimada	Sri Lanka
country	Gromin (ˈɡrɔmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pułtusk, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gromin	Poland
country	Olmaliq also spelled as Almalyk (Uzbek: Olmaliq / Олмалиқ; Russian: Алмалык) is a city (2004 pop est 138,000) in the Tashkent Region of central Uzbekistan, approximately 65 km east of Tashkent.	Olmaliq	Uzbekistan
country	Inntrøndelag District Court (Norwegian: Inntrøndelag tingrett) is the district court serving the Inntrøndelag region in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Inntrøndelag District Court	Norway
country	Yitong Manchu Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 伊通满族自治县; traditional Chinese: 伊通滿族自治縣; pinyin: Yītōng Mǎnzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in western Jilin province, People's Republic of China, 52 kilometres (32 mi) south of the provincial capital, Changchun.	Yitong Manchu Autonomous County	People's Republic of China
country	The Konferenz Nationaler Kultureinrichtungen (KNK) or Conference of National Cultural Institutions is a union of more than twenty cultural organizations in the former East Germany.	Konferenz Nationaler Kultureinrichtungen	Germany
country	Paravatumb (Armenian: Պառավաթումբ, also Barabatyn, Paravatoumb, and Parravat’umb) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Paravatumb	Azerbaijan
country	Bill Godfrey Oval is a sports venue in Burleigh Waters, Queensland, a suburb in the Gold Coast, Australia.	Bill Godfrey Oval	Australia
country	Sarinah, dubbed ``The Indonesian Emporium'', is a department store in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Sarinah	Indonesia
country	Šedem (pronounced (ˈʃeːdəm)) is a settlement in the hills northwest of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Šedem	Slovenia
country	The Hainleite is a Muschelkalk ridge of hills up to 463.2 m above sea level (NN) in northern Thuringia, Germany.	Hainleite	Germany
country	Boundji is a city in the Cuvette Region of northeastern Republic of the Congo.	Boundji	Republic of the Congo
country	The Grand Som is a mountain of the Chartreuse Mountains in the French Prealps, in Isère, France.	Grand Som	France
country	Bibiheybət (also, Bibi-Eybat and Bibiheibet) is a municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Bibiheybət	Azerbaijan
country	Lake Rweru is a lake close to the northernmost point of Burundi in central Africa.	Lake Rweru	Burundi
country	Bakos (Arabic: باكوس‎), also known as Bacus, is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Bakos	Egypt
country	Mikołajskie Lake (Polish: Jezioro Mikołajskie; German: Nikolaiker See) is glacial lake in Masurian Lake District in Poland.	Mikołajskie Lake	Poland
country	Balaxanı (also, Balkh, Balaban, Balachany, Baladzary, Balakhani, and Balakhany) is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Balaxanı	Azerbaijan
country	Gubno (pronounced (ˈɡuːbnɔ)) is a village in the Municipality of Kozje in eastern Slovenia.	Gubno	Slovenia
country	Hanuman River Railway bridge is a three-span railway bridge in Thailand.	Hanuman River Railway bridge	Thailand
country	Poznachowice Dolne (pɔznaxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Poznachowice Dolne	Poland
country	Telšiai ( pronunciation , known also by several alternative names), is a city in Lithuania with about 25,000 inhabitants.	Telšiai	Lithuania
country	Kurzeszyn (kuˈʐɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kurzeszyn	Poland
country	The Haut-Bugey line (French: Ligne du Haut-Bugey) (also nicknamed Lignes des Carpates) is a railway line in France.	Ligne du Haut-Bugey	France
country	The Yères is a river of Normandy, France, 40 kilometres (25 mi) in length, flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime	Yères	France
country	İngiloy Kötüklü (also, Ingiloy Këtyuklyu) is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İngiloy Kötüklü	Azerbaijan
country	The Column of Phocas (Italian: Colonna di Foca) is a Roman monumental column in the Roman Forum of Rome, Italy.	Column of Phocas	Italy
country	Kalauzovići (Serbian: Калаузовићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kalauzovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Helvetinjärvi National Park (Finnish: Helvetinjärven kansallispuisto, literally ``Hell's Lake national park'') is a national park in the Pirkanmaa region in Finland.	Helvetinjärvi National Park	Finland
country	Cabanas de Viriato is a town in the Carregal do Sal Municipality, Dão-Lafões Subregion of the Viseu District, in the Centro Region of Portugal.	Cabanas de Viriato	Portugal
country	Stranje pri Dobrniču (pronounced (ˈstɾaːnjɛ pɾi ˈdoːbəɾnitʃu)) is a small settlement north of Dobrnič in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Stranje pri Dobrniču	Slovenia
country	The Lötschberg Base Tunnel (LBT) is a 34.57-kilometre (21.48 mi) railway tunnel on the BLS AG's Lötschberg line cutting through the Alps of Switzerland some 400 m (1,312 ft) below the existing Lötschberg Tunnel.	Lötschberg Base Tunnel	Switzerland
country	Bhadrapur Airport (IATA: BDP, ICAO: VNCG), also known as Chandragadhi Airport, is an airport serving Bhadrapur and Chandragadhi, both towns in the Jhapa district in the Mechi zone in Nepal.	Bhadrapur Airport	Nepal
country	Ordesa Cascada is a famous waterfall and cave area located in the Ordesa Valley in Spain.	Ordesa Cascada	Spain
country	The Yukon Green Party is a territorial green political party in Yukon, Canada.	Yukon Green Party	Canada
country	Mount Lokon, together with Mount Empung, is a twin volcano (2.2 km or 1.4 mi apart) in the northern Sulawesi, Indonesia, roughly 10 km (6 mi) south of Manado.	Mount Lokon	Indonesia
country	The Foundation Stone of the Monument to the Early Founders of Singapore, usually called the Early Founders Memorial Stone is a national memorial that is dedicated to the early founders (``Unknown Immigrants'') of Singapore.	Early Founders Memorial Stone	Singapore
country	The Afourer Pumped Storage Station is a pumped storage hydroelectric scheme located in the hills above Afourer of Azilal Province, Morocco.	Afourer Pumped Storage Station	Morocco
country	Monte Antelao (Cadorino dialect: Nantelòu) is the highest mountain in the eastern Dolomites (a section of the Alps) in northeastern Italy, southeast of the town of Cortina d'Ampezzo, in the region of Cadore.	Antelao	Italy
country	Alter St.-Matthäus-Kirchhof (Alter Sankt-Matthäus-Kirchhof or Old St. Matthew's Churchyard) is a cemetery in Schöneberg, Berlin, Germany.	Alter St.-Matthäus-Kirchhof	Germany
country	Santa Cesarea Terme is a town and comune of 3,100 inhabitants in province of Lecce, in Apulia, southern Italy.	Santa Cesarea Terme	Italy
country	Herkale Airport (ICAO: HDHE) is an airstrip near the coastal town of Fagal, Djibouti.	Herkale Airport	Djibouti
country	Barcice Dolne (barˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Sącz, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Barcice Dolne	Poland
country	India's first private air freight station is getting ready to be operational at Irungattukottai and the soft launch of the project took place on 17 July 2015.	Irungattukottai	India
country	Lac de Mauvoisin is a reservoir in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Lac de Mauvoisin	Switzerland
country	Boynakər (also, Boyunagyar, Boynakar, and Boyunakyar) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Boynakər	Azerbaijan
country	Mowtowr-e Nur Mohammad Khanzehi (Persian: موتورنورمحمدخانزهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nūr Moḩammad Khānzehī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Nur Mohammad Khanzehi	Iran
country	The Lankester Botanical Gardens are a set of gardens outside of Cartago, Costa Rica.	Lankester Botanical Garden	Costa Rica
country	Macarthur Adventist College is a K-12 Christian school situated in the Sydney suburb of Macquarie Fields, Australia.	Macarthur Adventist College	Australia
country	The Colonial Bank of Issue was a New Zealand state owned bank that operated between 1847 and 1856 in an early unsuccessful attempt to create a government-owned issuer of bank notes in New Zealand.	Colonial Bank of Issue	New Zealand
country	Upper Rideau Lake is located in the municipality of Rideau Lakes, United Counties of Leeds and Grenville in Eastern Ontario, Canada.	Upper Rideau Lake	Canada
country	The Lucan portrait of Leonardo da Vinci is a late 15th - early 16th century portrait of a man that was recently discovered in a cupboard of a private house in Italy.	Lucan portrait of Leonardo da Vinci	Italy
country	Belcastro (Latin Bellicastrum) is a comune, former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Belcastro	Italy
country	Liga Veneta Repubblica (Łiga Vèneta Republica, Venetian Republic League, LVR) is a Venetist political party in Veneto, Italy.	Liga Veneta Repubblica	Italy
country	Deh Barm (Persian: ده برم‎) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Barm	Iran
country	Muchalat Inlet is an oceanographic/geographical region on the Western coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Muchalat Inlet	Canada
country	The Manuel Carrascalão House massacre occurred on 17 April 1999 in Dili, East Timor, at the house of East Timorese independence leader Manuel Carrascalão.	Manuel Carrascalão House massacre	East Timor
country	Pinkafeld (Hungarian: Pinkafő, Croatian: Pinkafelj, Slovene: Pinkafel, Romani: Pinkafa) is a city in Burgenland in Austria and the second largest settlement (after Oberwart) in the district Oberwart.	Pinkafeld	Austria
country	Pcim (pt͡ɕim) is a village in Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pcim	Poland
country	Pik Talgar is a northern peak in the Tian Shan mountain range in Kazakhstan, named after Talgar river and city.	Pik Talgar	Kazakhstan
country	Werben (Elbe) is a town in the district of Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Werben (Elbe)	Germany
country	Manerbio is a town and comune in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, northern Italy.	Manerbio	Italy
country	Mlewo (ˈmlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mlewo	Poland
country	Mediterranean School of Business is a private business school in Les Berges du Lac in Tunis, Tunisia.	Mediterranean School of Business	Tunisia
country	Vardø Church (Norwegian: Vardø kirke) is a parish church in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Vardø Church	Norway
country	Kangping County (simplified Chinese: 康平县; traditional Chinese: 康平縣; pinyin: Kāngpíng Xiàn) is under the administration of Shenyang, the capital of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, bordering Inner Mongolia to the northwest, and is 104 km (65 mi) north of downtown Shenyang.	Kangping County	People's Republic of China
country	The Kaohsiung MRT Daliao Station is a terminus on the Orange Line in Daliao District, Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Daliao Station	Taiwan
country	Pelengana (or Pélengana) is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Pelengana	Mali
country	The Shiliin Bogd (Mongolian: Шилийн богд) is an extinct volcano in eastern Mongolia.	Shiliin Bogd	Mongolia
country	Kyperounta (Κυπερούντα) is a village in Cyprus.	Kyperounta	Cyprus
country	Ångardsvatnet is a lake in Storlidalen, a part of Lønset parishes in Oppdal, (Norway).	Ångardsvatnet	Norway
country	Tobarra is a municipality in the province of Albacete in Spain, with a population of c. 8,000 as of 2009.	Tobarra	Spain
country	Galali (Arabic: قلالي‎) is a small area in the Kingdom of Bahrain, located on Muharraq Island, north of Muharraq City.	Galali	Bahrain
country	Chaltasian (Persian: چال تاسيان‎, also Romanized as Chāltāsīān, Chāltāsīyān, Chāltāsīyown, Chāltāsīyūn, and Chātāseyān) is a village in Asgariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Chaltasian	Iran
country	Purwakarta is a city in the West Java province of Indonesia and the capital of the Purwakarta Regency.	Purwakarta	Indonesia
country	Kailasapuram is a township located 17 km (11 mi) from Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Kailasapuram	India
country	Łapsze Niżne (ˈwapʂɛ ˈniʐnɛ), (Slovak: Nižné Lapše) is a village in Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Łapsze Niżne	Poland
country	Qızqayıtdı (also, Kyzgayytdy, Kyzkaity, and Kyzkayty) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qızqayıtdı	Azerbaijan
country	Sega World Sydney was an indoor high-tech amusement park that operated for almost four years, in Sydney, Australia.	Sega World Sydney	Australia
country	Megara railway station (Greek: Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Μεγάρων, Sidirodromikos Stathmos Megaron) is a railway station in the suburban city of Megara located west of Athens, Greece.	Megara railway station	Greece
country	The Libratory is New Zealand's first dedicated steampunk art gallery and was created by Oamaruvian artist Damien McNamara (also known under the pseudonym Damotimus Tipotus).	The Libratory	New Zealand
country	Ceres Brewery was a brewery company located in Aarhus, Denmark.	Ceres Brewery	Denmark
country	Olvassuo Strict Nature Reserve (Olvassuon luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve that encompasses 71 square kilometres (27 sq mi) in the Northern Ostrobothnia and Kainuu regions of Finland.	Olvassuo Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	The Malay Technology Museum (Malay: Muzium Teknologi Melayu) is a museum located at Kota Batu, Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei-Muara District, Brunei.	Malay Technology Museum	Brunei
country	Uet era Ngermeuangel (Ngermeuangel Lake, Big Jellyfish Lake) is a marine lake located on Koror island in Palau.	Uet era Ngermeuangel	Palau
country	Kandana is a suburb of Colombo city in Western Province, Sri Lanka, 19 km north of the Colombo city centre fort.	Kandana	Sri Lanka
country	Tocco Caudio is the name of a village and comune in the province of Benevento, in the Campania region of southern Italy.	Tocco Caudio	Italy
country	Đông Sơn drums (also called Heger Type I drums) are bronze drums fabricated by the Đông Sơn culture in the Red River Delta of northern Vietnam.	Đông Sơn drums	Vietnam
country	Žadovinek (pronounced (ʒadɔˈʋiːnək); in older sources also Zadovinek) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River, east of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Žadovinek	Slovenia
country	The Bavarian Forest (German: Bayerischer Wald ) is a wooded low-mountain region in Bavaria, Germany.	Bavarian Forest	Germany
country	Fuglenes Lighthouse (Norwegian: Fuglenes fyr) was a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Hammerfest in Finnmark, Norway.	Fuglenes Lighthouse	Norway
country	Gostyń (ˈɡɔstɨɲ) (German: Gostingen) is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship (from 1975 to 1998 in Leszno Voivodship), in Gostyń County.	Gostyń	Poland
country	Çayönü is a Neolithic settlement in southeastern Turkey inhabited around 7200 to 6600 BC. It is located forty kilometres north-west of Diyarbakır, at the foot of the Taurus mountains.	Çayönü	Turkey
country	Benav Cheleh (Persian: بناوچله‎, also Romanized as Benāv Cheleh, Banāu Chaleh, and Benūcheleh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District, Khav and Mirabad District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Benav Cheleh	Iran
country	Crnča (Serbian Cyrillic: Црнча) is a village in Serbia.	Crnča	Serbia
country	Obolno (pronounced (ɔˈboːwnɔ)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of Stična in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Obolno	Slovenia
country	Čajetina (Serbian Cyrillic: Чајетина) is a town and municipality in western Serbia, residing in the Zlatibor District.	Čajetina	Serbia
country	The Akbari Sarai is a large saray located in Shahdara Bagh in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Akbari Sarai	Pakistan
country	Gresvatnet or Grasvatnet (Southern Sami: Graesiejaevrie) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden.	Grasvatnet	Norway	Sweden
country	Fort William Augustus Parks Canada Canada's historic places	Fort William Augustus	Canada Canada
country	Nadma (ˈnadma) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzymin, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nadma	Poland
country	Čelić is a municipality located in the northeastern part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čelić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gazan-e Sofla (Persian: گزان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gazān-e Soflá; also known as Gazān-e Pā’īn, Kazan-e Kūchek, and Qajān) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gazan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Taui Bay (Russian: Тауйская губа; Tauyskaya Guba) is a body of water in the Sea of Okhotsk off the coast of the Magadan Oblast in Russia.	Taui Bay	Russia
country	Flå Station (Norwegian: Flå stasjon) is a train station located in Flå, Norway.	Flå Station	Norway
country	Mercedari Palace or the Palazzo Mercedari is a palace and civic and ethnographical museum in Modica, Italy.	Mercedari Palace	Italy
country	The Provincial Heritage Property designation was announced in 2005 and on July 8, 2009 the Esterhazy Flour Mill was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada.	Esterhazy Flour Mill	Canada
country	Danówek (daˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Danówek	Poland
country	Puerto Pailas is a canton and town in the Santa Cruz Department in the South American Andean Republic of Bolivia.	Puerto Pailas	Bolivia
country	Ruská (Hungarian: Dobóruszka) is a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Ruská	Slovakia
country	Kilisa (Armenian: Քիլիսա; also, Verin-Kilisa) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Kilisa	Armenia
country	Bechyně (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbɛxɪɲɛ)), is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Bechyně	Czech Republic
country	The Dancing Forest (Russian: Танцующий лес) is a pine forest on the Curonian Spit in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia noted for its unusually twisted trees.	Dancing Forest	Russia
country	Dievs, svētī Latviju! (Latvian pronunciation: (diɛvs sveːtiː ˈlatviju); God, Bless Latvia!) is the national anthem of Latvia.	Dievs, svētī Latviju!	Latvia
country	The Koryo Hotel is the second largest operating hotel in North Korea, the largest being the Yanggakdo Hotel.	Koryo Hotel	North Korea
country	Katsiveli (Ukrainian: Кацівелі; Russian: Кацивели; Crimean Tatar: Katsiveli) is an urban-type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Katsiveli	Ukraine	Russia
country	The Austral Building is a broadly English Queen Anne revival building located at 115-119 Collins Street, Melbourne, Australia.	Austral Building	Australia
country	Vartholomio (Greek: Βαρθολομιό) is a town and a former municipality in Elis, West Greece, Greece.	Vartholomio	Greece
country	Kolchak Island belongs to the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative division of the Russian Federation and is part of the Great Arctic State Nature Reserve, the largest nature reserve of Russia.	Kolchak Island	Russia
country	Fallar (Persian: فلار‎, also Romanized as Fallār) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Fallar	Iran
country	Wat Phra That Phanom is the sacred precinct of the Phra That Phanom chedi, located in the district of the same name, in the southern part of Nakhon Phanom Province, northeastern Thailand.	Wat Phra That Phanom	Thailand
country	Kiełbowo (kʲɛu̯ˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kiełbowo	Poland
country	The Badam River (Kazakh: Бадам) is a river of southern Kazakhstan.	Badam River	Kazakhstan
country	Ejlstrup is a village, with a population of 1,327 (1.January 2014), situated west of Odense, in Funen, Denmark.	Ejlstrup	Denmark
country	The Irabere River, sometimes spelt Irebere River, is a river in East Timor, a country occupying the eastern end of the island of Timor in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Wallacea.	Irabere River	East Timor
country	Kalevi Spordihall is a multi-purpose arena in Estonia.	Kalevi Spordihall	Estonia
country	Della Falls is a waterfall in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island and is among the tallest waterfalls in Canada.	Della Falls	Canada
country	Port Walcott (historically also Tien Tsin Harbour) is a large open water harbour located on the northwest coast of Western Australia.	Port Walcott	Australia
country	Assomada (in Cape Verdean Creole: Somada) is a city on the Sotavento (leeward) island of Santiago in Cape Verde.	Assomada	Cape Verde
country	The Blasket Islands (Na Blascaodaí in Irish - etymology uncertain: it may come from the Norse word ``brasker'', meaning ``a dangerous place'') are a group of islands off the west coast of Ireland, forming part of County Kerry.	Blasket Islands	Ireland
country	Chin Owlak (Persian: چينولك‎, also Romanized as Chīn Owl'ak) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chin Owlak	Iran
country	The Gustav Gerster GmbH & Co. KG is a family-owned company based in Biberach an der Riß, Germany.	Gustav Gerster	Germany
country	Surami (Georgian: სურამი) is a small town (daba) in Georgia's Shida Kartli region with the population of 9,800.	Surami	Georgia
country	Batala Colony is an area in southern Faisalabad, Pakistan.	Batala Colony	Pakistan
country	Old Herzegovina (Montenegrin/Serbian: Стара Херцеговина, Stara Hercegovina) is a historical region in Montenegro, which is not part of the current state of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Old Herzegovina	Montenegro
country	Rolnowo (rɔlˈnɔvɔ) (German Rollnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rolnowo	Poland
country	Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist is loc ated in Chinsura, India.	Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist	India
country	The Cavite National Science High School is a secondary public science high school located in Garita-B (beside Maragondon Elementary School), Maragondon, Cavite in the Philippines.	Cavite National Science High School	Philippines
country	Fethard-on-Sea or Fethard (Irish: Fiodh Ard, meaning ``high wood''), is a village in southwest County Wexford in Ireland.	Fethard-on-Sea	Ireland
country	Bandipora (ˌbændɪˈpɔː) (misspelled as Bandipore, Bandipur, Bandipura) (Kashmiri: بنڈ پُور,Urdu: بانڈی پور‎) is the administrative headquarters of the district of Bandipora in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Bandipora	India
country	The Chihuahuan Desert is a desert, and an ecoregion designation, that straddles the U.S.-Mexico border in the central and northern portions of the Mexican Plateau.	Chihuahuan Desert	Mexico
country	K B Bhabha Hospital (popularly known as Bhabha Hospital) is a public hospital in Bandra (west) in Mumbai, India.	Bhabha Hospital	India
country	London Borough of Bromley is south of the River Thames which flows through London, the capital city of the United Kingdom.	London Borough of Bromley	United Kingdom
country	The Port of Bridgetown (officially the Deep Water Harbour), (AMS Seaport Code: 27201, UN/LOCODE: BB BGI, Port Callsign: 8PB) is a seaport in Bridgetown on the southwest coast of Barbados.	Port of Bridgetown	Barbados
country	The Panachaiko (Greek: Παναχαϊκό, Panachaean``), also known as Vodias (Βοδιάς) in the Middle Ages, is a mountain range in Achaea, southern Greece.	Panachaiko	Greece
country	Qasemlu (Persian: قاسملو‎, also Romanized as Qāsemlū) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qasemlu	Iran
country	Rysy (Slovak: Rysy, Polish pronunciation: (ˈrɨsɨ); German: Meeraugspitze, Hungarian: Tengerszem-csúcs) is a mountain in the crest of the High Tatras, lying on the border between Poland and Slovakia.	Rysy	Poland	Slovakia
country	The Overlander Roadhouse is a petrol service station in Western Australia, between Geraldton and Carnarvon on the North West Coastal Highway.	Overlander Roadhouse	Australia
country	Drniš (Italian: Dernis) is a town in Croatia, located in inland Dalmatia at 43°51′45``N 16°9′20''E halfway between Šibenik and Knin.	Drniš	Croatia
country	The Fukashiro Dam is a gravity dam in the Sagami River system, located 11 km (7 mi) north of Ōtsuki in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan.	Fukashiro Dam	Japan
country	Qorveh-e Darjazin (Persian: قروه درجزين‎) is a city in and capital of Qorveh-e Darjazin District, in Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qorveh-e Darjazin	Iran
country	Stavanger Prison (Norwegian: Stavanger fengsel) is a prison, located in Stavanger, Norway The prison was opened in its present form in 2001.	Stavanger Prison	Norway
country	Chah-e Khoda Morad Ravidal (Persian: چاه خدامرادرويدل‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Khodā Morād Ravīdal) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Khoda Morad Ravidal	Iran
country	Gornja Topla Reber (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnja ˈtɔːpla ˈɾeːbəɾ); German: Oberwarmberg) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Gornja Topla Reber	Slovenia
country	Goropeke (pronounced (ɡɔɾɔˈpeːkɛ); German: Ariopek) is a small settlement on a hill immediately south of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Goropeke	Slovenia
country	The G13 Baobab Alliance (French: Alliance G13 Baobab) is a political alliance in Benin.	G13 Baobab Alliance	Benin
country	In September 2007, Oasis signed a record deal with Universal Music Group, and the Lord Don't Slow Me Down DVD was released by Big Brother Recordings Ltd. in United Kingdom, and Big Brother Recordings Ltd./Universal Music internationally.	Big Brother Recordings	United Kingdom
country	Bălan (German: Kupferbergwerk; Hungarian: Balánbánya, pronounced (ˈbɒlaːmbaːɲɒ)) is a town in Harghita County, Romania.	Bălan	Romania
country	Woosong University, is a specialized university, located in Daejeon, South Korea providing a specialized curriculum based on practical foreign-language and high-tech IT education for every major field of study.	Woosong University	South Korea
country	Projić (Serbian Cyrillic: Пројић) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia, near the town of Priboj.	Projić	Serbia
country	Nadan Mahal Road is a road located in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh in India, that travels through Yahiyaganj.The road is 1.2 kilometres (0.75 mi) in length, it starts at Rakabganj Chauraha and ends at Nakhas Chauraha on Tulsidas Marg.	Nadan Mahal Road	India
country	Åselistraumen Bridge (Norwegian: Åselistraumen bru) is a bridge that crosses the Åselistraumen strait in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Åselistraumen Bridge	Norway
country	Kryłów (ˈkrɨwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kryłów	Poland
country	Bhaun is a town in Chakwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan 12 kilometres away from the district capital Chakwal.	Bhaun	Pakistan
country	The Way of Courage (Lithuanian: Drąsos Kelias) is a populist political party in Lithuania.	The Way of Courage	Lithuania
country	Madina Woula (also spelled Madina Oula) is a town in southern Guinea near the border with Sierra Leone.	Madina Woula	Guinea
country	The Gordon River is a major perennial river located in the central highlands, south-west, and western regions of Tasmania, Australia.	Gordon River	Australia
country	Amri railway station (Urdu: امری ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Pakistan.	Amri railway station	Pakistan
country	Trèves-Cunault is a former town in the department of Maine-et-Loire, France that existed from 1839 to 1973.	Trèves-Cunault	France
country	Kampung Pimping is a Brunei ethnic's village located in Membakut District in the State of Sabah, Malaysia.	Kampung Pimping	Malaysia
country	The South German Railway Museum (Süddeutsches Eisenbahnmuseum Heilbronn or SEH) is a railway museum at Heilbronn in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany.	South German Railway Museum	Germany
country	Panchavarnaswamy Temple (usually Panjavarnaswamy Temple) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva, located in Woraiyur, a suburb in the town of Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Panchavarnaswamy Temple	India
country	Nevşehir, formerly Muşkara, is a city and the capital district of Nevşehir Province in the Central Anatolia Region of Turkey.	Nevşehir	Turkey
country	Bakong (Khmer: ប្រាសាទបាគង) is the first temple mountain of sandstone constructed by rulers of the Khmer empire at Angkor near modern Siem Reap in Cambodia.	Bakong	Cambodia
country	Midreshet Ben-Gurion (Hebrew: מִדְרֶשֶׁת בֶּן גּוּרְיוֹן), also known as Midreshet Sde Boker, is an educational center and boarding school in Sde Boker in the Negev in southern Israel.	Midreshet Ben-Gurion	Israel
country	The Bletchingly Stakes is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race held under Weight for age conditions, over a distance of 1200 metres at Caulfield Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia annually in July and is the last Group race held in Melbourne each season.	Bletchingly Stakes	Australia
country	Schwartz Church is a church situated in Thanjavur, India.	Schwartz Church	India
country	The Rossel Mountains are a range of mountains on the island of New Ireland, part of Papua New Guinea.	Rossel Mountains	Papua New Guinea
country	Kalamnuri comes under Hingoli parliamentary constituency for parliamentary elections of India.	Kalamnuri	India
country	NDR Fernsehen is a regional television channel targeting northern Germany, specifically the states of Schleswig-Holstein, Lower Saxony, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Hamburg and Bremen.	NDR Fernsehen	Germany
country	Diu Airport (IATA: DIU) is a civilian aerodrome located at Diu in the Union Territory of Daman and Diu, India.	Diu Airport	India
country	Las Vegas Altas, also known as Vegas Altas del Guadiana, is a comarca in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.	Las Vegas Altas	Spain
country	Afobaka Airstrip (ICAO: SMAF) is an airstrip located near Afobaka, a village in the Brokopondo District of Suriname with one grass runway.	Afobaka Airstrip	Suriname
country	Shu-Te University (STU; Chinese: 樹德科技大學) is a private university in Yanchao District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Shu-Te University	Taiwan
country	Cerro Castillo Dynevor, also known as Castillo Dynevor is located on the Northwest coast of Skyring Sound, in Magallanes Region, Chile.	Cerro Castillo Dynevor	Chile
country	The Plaza Belgrano is a plaza located in San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.	Plaza Belgrano	Argentina
country	Château de Najac or the royal fortress of Najac is located in Najac, in the Aveyron département, in southern France.	Château de Najac	France
country	The Karl Marx House museum (German: Karl-Marx-Haus) is a writer's house museum in Trier (Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany).	Karl Marx House	Germany
country	Scania, also known by its local name Skåne (pronounced (ˈskoːˈnɛ) in Swedish and (ˈskɛu̯ˈnɛ) in Scanian), is the southernmost province (landskap) of Sweden which consists of a peninsula on the southern tip of the Scandinavian Peninsula and some islands close to it.	Scania	Sweden
country	Kalateh-ye Chaser (Persian: كلاته چاسر‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Chāser; also known as Chahsar) is a village in Chashm Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Chaser	Iran
country	Mekong Airlines was an airline from Cambodia.	Mekong Airlines	Cambodia
country	Deraz Zamin (Persian: دراز زمين‎, also Romanized as Derāz Zamīn; also known as Derāz Zamīnak) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Deraz Zamin	Iran
country	Čučja Mlaka (pronounced (ˈtʃuːtʃja ˈmlaːka)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Čučja Mlaka	Slovenia
country	While 4AD did not handle any distribution outside the United Kingdom for many years, it had many willing distributors in many countries:	4AD	United Kingdom
country	Havelian Cantonment is a cantonment adjacent to Havelian in Abbottabad District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Havelian Cantonment	Pakistan
country	The initial German Reform Party was established in 1880 by Alexander Pinkert, a Saxony-based antisemite, as a strongly antisemitic and palingenetic party, advocating the elimination of the Jews and the rebirth of Germany.	German Reform Party	Germany
country	Smrjene (pronounced (ˈsməɾjɛnɛ)) is a settlement in the hills south of Pijava Gorica in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia.	Smrjene	Slovenia
country	Flatruet is a fell in north western Härjedalen, Sweden, between Mittådalen in Härjedalens kommun and Ljungdalen.	Flatruet	Sweden
country	Hillview College is a government-assisted Presbyterian secondary school situated on the foothills of the Northern Range at the top of El Dorado Road in Tunapuna, Trinidad and Tobago.	Hillview College	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Inti Utka (Aymara willka, inti sun, utka seat, a place to sit down, ``sun seat'', hispanicized spelling Intiutca) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Inti Utka	Peru
country	Karatoya River (also spelt Korotoa River) (Bengali: করতোয়া নদী), a small stream in Rajshahi Division of Bangladesh, was once a large and sacred river.	Karatoya River	Bangladesh
country	Rakłowice (rakwɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Rackelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cieszków, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rakłowice	Poland
country	Hausen (Wied) is a municipality and a spa town in the district of Neuwied, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Hausen (Wied)	Germany
country	Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve is a protected area 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Albany, Western Australia.	Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve	Australia
country	The Trümmelbach Falls (In German: Trümmelbachfälle) in Switzerland are a series of ten glacier-waterfalls inside the mountain made accessible by tunnel-lift and illuminated.	Trümmelbach	Switzerland
country	Te Umanibong or the Kiribati Cultural Museum is a museum in Bikenibeu on the atoll of Tarawa in Kiribati.	Te Umanibong	Kiribati
country	Swarzędz (ˈsfaʐɛnt͡s) (German: Schwersenz) is a town (miasto) in central Poland of 29,766 inhabitants and a mixed urban-rural commune (gmina miejsko-wiejska) of 40,166 inhabitants (2006 estimates).	Swarzędz	Poland
country	The Sultan's School is a private secondary school in Seeb, Oman.	Sultan's School	Oman
country	Treskavica is a mountain range in Bosnia and Herzegovina, situated in Trnovo municipality just south of city of Sarajevo.	Treskavica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pataka Art + Museum is a municipal museum and art gallery of Porirua City New Zealand.	Pataka Art + Museum	New Zealand
country	The Synagogue of Vesoul was the principal Jewish place of worship in the city of Vesoul, in Haute-Saône, (France)..	Synagogue of Vesoul	France
country	Pataveh-ye Delita (Persian: پاتاوه دلي تا‎, also Romanized as Paţāveh-ye Delītā; also known as Pā Ţāveh, Pātāveh, Paţāveh-ye Kameyān, and Peţāveh) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pataveh-ye Delita	Iran
country	The Panguipulli Lake (Spanish: Lago Panguipulli; English pronunciation: /ˌpæŋɡiˈpuːji/ PANG-gee-POO-yee) is one of the ``Seven Lakes'' in Panguipulli municipality, southern Chile.	Panguipulli Lake	Chile
country	Qarcheh (Persian: قرچه‎‎, also Romanized as Qaracheh) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarcheh	Iran
country	Mrozowa Wola (mrɔˈzɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mrozowa Wola	Poland
country	Makalom is a small uninhabited island in the Reef Islands, in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu.	Makalom	Solomon Islands
country	Brother Edmund Rice Catholic Secondary School (equally known as Brother Edmund Rice CSS, BERCSS, Brother Edmund Rice, or Rice) is a former publicly funded high school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada managed by the Toronto Catholic District School Board.	Brother Edmund Rice Catholic Secondary School	Canada
country	Wieścice (vjɛɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wieścice	Poland
country	Gofa Zuria (Amharic ``Greater Gofa Area'') was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Gofa Zuria	Ethiopia
country	Jan Sherud (Persian: جانشرود‎, also Romanized as Jān Sherūd; also known as Jāneshrūh) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jan Sherud	Iran
country	Electoral district of Hornsby is an electoral district of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in Australia.	Electoral district of Hornsby	Australia
country	Design Museum of Thessaloniki is a design museum in Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece.	Design Museum of Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Elvas (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈɛɫvɐʃ)) is a Portuguese municipality, an episcopal city and frontier fortress of Portugal, located in the district of Portalegre in Alentejo.	Elvas	Portugal
country	Brulin (ˈbrulin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brulin	Poland
country	Jeldzino (jɛlˈd͡ʑinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jeldzino	Poland
country	Khan Baghalachi (Persian: خان بغلچي‎, also Romanized as Khān Baghalachī; also known as Khān Kandī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khan Baghalachi	Iran
country	Atdarrahsi (Persian: ات دره سي‎, also Romanized as Ātdarrahsī; also known as Ātdarrasī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Atdarrahsi	Iran
country	The Portneuf Wildlife Reserve is located in the province of Quebec (Canada), in the Eastern part of the Capitale-Nationale region.	Portneuf Wildlife Reserve	Canada
country	Panzi Hospital was founded in 1999 in Bukavu, the capital of the Sud-Kivu province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Panzi Hospital	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Abbey of Santa Maria della Ferraria was a Cistercian monastery located in Vairano Patenora, Province of Caserta, Italy.	Santa Maria della Ferraria	Italy
country	Adam Khan Kili (Urdu: عدم خان کلی‎) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Adam Khan Kili	Pakistan
country	Kosančić (Serbian Cyrillic: Косанчић) is a village in Serbia.	Kosančić	Serbia
country	Vyshestebliyevskaya (Russian: Вышестеблиевская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Temryuksky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Vyshestebliyevskaya	Russia
country	Owkhsar (Persian: اوخسار‎, also Romanized as Owkhsār) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Owkhsar	Iran
country	Kapetan Mitrousi (Greek: Καπετάν Μητρούσι) is a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Kapetan Mitrousi	Greece
country	The Royal Yugoslav Navy (Serbo-Croatian: Kraljevska Jugoslavenska Ratna Mornarica, Кpaљeвcкa Југословенска Pатна Морнарица), was the navy of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Royal Yugoslav Navy	Kingdom of Yugoslavia
country	Longgang Station (Chinese: 龍港車站; pinyin: Lónggǎng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Houlong Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.	Longgang Station	Taiwan
country	Burlorne Pillow (Cornish: Boslowenpolbrogh, meaning ``badger's pool at Burlorne'') is a hamlet in the civil parish of Egloshayle, north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Burlorne Pillow	United Kingdom
country	Przesławka (pʂɛˈswafka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Przesławka	Poland
country	Maheshkhali Island is the main island of Maheshkhali Upazila, in the Cox's Bazar District of Bangladesh.	Maheshkhali Island	Bangladesh
country	Eretria (/əˈriːtriə/; Greek: Ερέτρια, Eretria, literally ``city of the rowers'') is a town in Euboea, Greece, facing the coast of Attica across the narrow South Euboean Gulf.	Eretria	Greece
country	Ervenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Ервеник) is a village and municipality in Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia.	Ervenik	Croatia
country	John D'Or Prairie is a First Nations settlement within the John D'Or Prairie 215 Indian reserve in northern Alberta, Canada.	John D'Or Prairie	Canada
country	Bunclody (Irish: Bun Clóidí, meaning ``bottom of the (river) Clody''), formerly Newtownbarry (until 1950), is a small town on the River Slaney in Wexford, Ireland.	Bunclody	Ireland
country	The European route E99 or E99 is a European road running from Dəmirçi, Azerbaijan to Akçakale in Turkey on Syrian border.	European route E99	Azerbaijan	Turkey
country	Eyvanak (Persian: ايوانك‎, also Romanized as Eyvānak, Aiwānak, and Ayvanak) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Eyvanak	Iran
country	Beit Hanan (Hebrew: בֵּית חָנָן) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit Hanan	Israel
country	The Bavarian Film Awards (Bayerischer Filmpreis) have been awarded annually since 1979 by the State Government of Bavaria in Germany for ``exceptional achievement in German filmmaking.''	Bavarian Film Awards	Germany
country	Blanch's Café was a café in Stockholm, Sweden, located in a now demolished building on Hamngatan.	Blanch's Café	Sweden
country	The rock tomb of Fakhrigah (or Faghragha) (Central Kurdish: فەقرەقا) lies 15 km to the northeast of Mahabad, in West Azerbaijan Province, western Iran.	Fakhrigah	Iran
country	The Cairns Western Arterial Road is a numbered state route in the Cairns Region of Queensland, Australia.	Cairns Western Arterial Road	Australia
country	Lawton Avenue is the main road in Fort Bonifacio, southeastern Metro Manila, Philippines.	Lawton Avenue	Philippines
country	Haibach ob der Donau is a municipality in the district of Eferding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria, Austria.	Haibach ob der Donau	Austria
country	Zdunków (ˈzduŋkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in northeast-central Poland.	Zdunków	Poland
country	Ferenc Hopp Museum of Asiatic Arts is a art museum in Budapest, Hungary	Ferenc Hopp Museum of Asiatic Arts	Hungary
country	Cięćk (t͡ɕent͡ɕk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Cięćk	Poland
country	Eckernförde is a popular tourist destination in northern Germany.	Eckernförde	Germany
country	Ughoton (or Gwato) is a town in Nigeria's Edo State.	Ughoton	Nigeria
country	Qaleqan (Persian: قالقان‎, also Romanized as Qāleqān and Qālqān; also known as Ghaleghan) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qaleqan	Iran
country	Thudupathi (Tamil: துடுப்பதி) is a town in the taluk of Perundurai in the district of Erode in Tamil Nadu, India.	Thudupathi	India
country	Duiker Island or Duikereiland (Afrikaans), also known as Seal Island (not to be confused with the nearby Seal Island), is an island off Hout Bay near Cape Town South Africa.	Duiker Island	South Africa
country	Milovice u Hořic is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic.	Milovice u Hořic	Czech Republic
country	Golovkin's dacha (Russian: Дача Головкина, also known as the Elephant House, Russian: Дом со слонами) is an unorthodox residential mansion (``dacha'') designed and constructed by Konstantin Golovkin, a merchant, entrepreneur and self-taught artist, in Samara, Russia during the period 1908-1909.	Golovkin's dacha	Russia
country	The Parthe is a river in Saxony, Germany, right tributary of the White Elster.	Parthe	Germany
country	Kibirigwi is a settlement in Kenya's Kirinyaga County of the former Central Province.	Kibirigwi	Kenya
country	Djurgårdsbrunnsviken is a bay in central Stockholm, Sweden, together with the canal Djurgårdsbrunnskanalen forming the northern shore line of the island Djurgården (or more correctly between Northern and Southern Djurgården).	Djurgårdsbrunnsviken	Sweden
country	Al-Turantaiyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة الطُّرنطائيَّة‎) is a madrasah complex in Aleppo, Syria.	Al-Turantaiyah Madrasa	Syria
country	Al-Mansorah (also spelled Al-Mansoora or Al-Mansoorah ) ( Arabic : المنصورة), is a town in eastern region of Saudi Arabia and one of eastern towns and villages in Al-Ahsa.	Al-Mansorah	Saudi Arabia
country	The Institute of Criminology and Criminal Justice is a division of the Faculty of Public Affairs at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada.	Institute of Criminology and Criminal Justice	Canada
country	Trbovlje (pronounced (təɾˈbɔ̀ːwljɛ); German: Trifail) is Slovenia's ninth largest town, and the seat of the Municipality of Trbovlje.	Trbovlje	Slovenia
country	The Tornado Tower, also called the QIPCO Tower, is a skyscraper in Doha, Qatar.	Tornado Tower	Qatar
country	Kapp Linné Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Kapp Linné fuglereservat) is a bird reserve at Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Kapp Linné Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	Wonder Mountain's Guardian (also known as Guardian or WMG; during Halloween Haunt known as Zombies 4D) is a 4D, interactive dark ride roller coaster at the Canada's Wonderland amusement park located in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.	Wonder Mountain's Guardian	Canada
country	Ullumani (Aymara ulluma Ullucus tuberosus, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with ulluma'') is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 4,428 metres (14,528 ft) high.	Ullumani	Bolivia
country	Sihala is a town and union council in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan, situated to the east of Islamabad, the Pakistani capital.	Sihala	Pakistan
country	The Washi Dam is a dam in the city of Ōno in Fukui Prefecture of Japan.	Washi Dam	Japan
country	The Golden Pride Gold Mine is an open pit gold mine located in Nzega district of the Tabora Region of Tanzania.	Golden Pride Gold Mine	Tanzania
country	Mount Narodnaya (also known as Naroda and Poenurr; Russian: Гора Народная, На'рода-Из; ``People's Mountain'') is the highest peak of the Urals in Russia.	Mount Narodnaya	Russia
country	Dalaborg is a ruined castle in Sweden.	Dalaborg	Sweden
country	Qazipur (Urdu: قاضی پور‎) is one of the 44 union councils, administrative subdivisions, of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Qazipur	Pakistan
country	University of East Sarajevo (UES) is a public university in the east the city of East Sarajevo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	University of East Sarajevo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mowtowr-e Esmailabad (Persian: موتوراسماعيل اباد‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Esmāʿīlābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Esmailabad	Iran
country	Reckange-sur-Mess (Luxembourgish: Reckeng op der Mess, German: Reckingen) is a commune and small town in south-western Luxembourg.	Reckange-sur-Mess	Luxembourg
country	Alavus Airfield is an airfield in Alavus, Finland, about 2 nautical miles (4 km; 2 mi) southwest of Alavus town centre.	Alavus Airfield	Finland
country	The Embassy of Poland in Oslo is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Poland to the Kingdom of Norway, the ambassador, however, is also accredited to the Republic of Iceland.	Embassy of Poland in Oslo	Norway
country	Ağdam (also, Agdam and Akna) is a ghost town in the southwest part of Azerbaijan and the capital of its Agdam District.	Agdam	Azerbaijan
country	Forcella Staulanza (el. 1773 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in the province of Belluno in Italy.	Forcella Staulanza	Italy
country	Gove Airport (IATA: GOV, ICAO: YPGV) is on the Gove Peninsula in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Gove Airport	Australia
country	Volnovakha (Ukrainian: Волноваха) is a small city of district significance in Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Volnovakha	Ukraine
country	Suplac (Hungarian: Külüllőszéplak; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈkykylːøːseːplɒk), meaning ``nice place on the river Küküllő'') is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania which is composed of five villages:	Suplac	Romania
country	Cooerwull railway station was a railway station on the Main Western railway line in New South Wales, Australia.	Cooerwull railway station	Australia
country	Darzikola-ye Akhund-e Baba (Persian: درزيكلااخوندبابا‎, also Romanized as Darzīkolā-ye Ākhūnd-e Bābā; also known as Darzīkolā-ye Ākhūndī) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darzikola-ye Akhund-e Baba	Iran
country	Van Ferit Melen Airport (IATA: VAN, ICAO: LTCI) is an airport in Van, the city in eastern region of Turkey.	Van Ferit Melen Airport	Turkey
country	The Westgate Pedestrian and Cycle Bridge is a motorway overbridge crossing the Northwestern Motorway near Westgate in Auckland, New Zealand.	Westgate Pedestrian and Cycle Bridge	New Zealand
country	The Dragoman marsh is the biggest natural karst wetland in Bulgaria.	Dragoman marsh	Bulgaria
country	Lago di Fiastra is a reservoir in the province of Macerata in the Marche region of Italy.	Lago di Fiastra	Italy
country	Cho-dong is a legal dong, or neighbourhood of the Jung-gu district in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dong, Euljiro 3, 4, 5-dong.	Cho-dong	South Korea
country	The Peninsula Tokyo is a 24 story luxury skyscraper hotel located in Yurakucho, Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.	The Peninsula Tokyo	Japan
country	The Government Navy (Gouvernementsmarine or GM) was a Dutch naval force which stemmed from the Colonial Navy in the former Dutch East Indies.	Government Navy	Dutch East Indies
country	FC Levadia Tallinn, commonly known as Levadia Tallinn, or simply as Levadia, is a professional football club, based in Tallinn, Estonia.	FC Levadia Tallinn	Estonia
country	Mazraeh-ye Farj Flamarzy (Persian: مزرعه فرج فلامرزئ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Farj Flāmarzy) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Farj Flamarzy	Iran
country	Małoszywka (mawɔˈʂɨfka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Małoszywka	Poland
country	Pas Kalut Rural District (Persian: دهستان پس كلوت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pas Kalut Rural District	Iran
country	The University of Picardie Jules Verne (French Université de Picardie Jules Verne) is a university located in Amiens, France, and is under the Academy of Amiens.	University of Picardie Jules Verne	France
country	Matla Power Station in Mpumalanga, South Africa, is a coal-fired power plant operated by Eskom and consuming the output from the Matla coal mine.	Matla Power Station	South Africa
country	Piskon (Yaghnobi Пискон) is a village in western Tajikistan.	Piskon	Tajikistan
country	Branew (ˈbranɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzwola, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Branew	Poland
country	Wadi Yaroun, Wadi Yarun, Wadi Jarun, Wadi Hanine, Jarun or Jareon is a wadi located south of Ain Ebel in the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon.	Wadi Yaroun	Lebanon
country	The Bangali River (Bengali: বাঙালি নদী) is one of the main rivers in the northern part of Bangladesh (commonly known as North Bengal).	Bangali River	Bangladesh
country	Øyfjell is a village in Vinje municipality, Norway.	Øyfjell	Norway
country	Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيدابراهيم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District	Iran
country	Dogwood Creek is a creek in the Maranoa Region, Queensland, Australia.	Dogwood Creek	Australia
country	Trucios-Turtzioz (Turtzioz in Basque; Trucios in Spanish; Trucíos in Cantabrian) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain, surrounded by other municipalities of Biscay and Cantabria.	Trucios-Turtzioz	Spain
country	FC Vaajakoski is an active sports club from Jyväskylä in Finland.	FC Vaajakoski	Finland
country	London Guildhall University was a university in the United Kingdom from 1992 to 2002.	London Guildhall University	United Kingdom
country	Göktepe (former Fariske) is a belde (town) in Karaman Province, Turkey.	Göktepe	Turkey
country	Subijana-Morillas is a town located in the municipality of Ribera Alta/Erriberagoitia in the province of Álava (Araba), in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Subijana-Morillas	Spain
country	The Qinshan Nuclear Power Plant (秦山核电站) is a multi-unit nuclear plant under construction in Qinshan Town, Haiyan County, Zhejiang, the People's Republic of China.	Qinshan Nuclear Power Plant	People's Republic of China
country	Blönduós is a town and municipality in the north of Iceland.	Blönduós	Iceland
country	Rush and Lusk railway station (Irish: Stáisiún Ros Eó agus Lusca) serves the towns of Rush and Lusk in County Dublin, Ireland.	Rush and Lusk railway station	Ireland
country	Stará Lesná or ``Old Forest'' is a village and municipality in Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region in north-central Slovakia.	Stará Lesná	Slovakia
country	The Alliance for Work, Justice and Education (in Spanish: Alianza para el Trabajo, la Justicia y la Educación) was a party coalition in Argentina around the turn of the third millennium.	Alliance for Work, Justice and Education	Argentina
country	Asadiyeh (Persian: اسديه‎, also Romanized as Asadīyeh) is a city in Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Asadiyeh	Iran
country	Makeliyawala is a village in Sri Lanka, which is located within Central Province.	Makeliyawala	Sri Lanka
country	Overboelare Airfield (ICAO: EBGG) is a private use airport located near Geraardsbergen, East Flanders, Belgium.	Overboelare Airfield	Belgium
country	Roztocze (Ukrainian: Розточчя, Roztochia) is a range of hills in east-central Poland and western Ukraine which rises from the Lublin Upland and extends southeastward through Solska Wilderness and across the border into Ukrainian Podolia.	Roztocze	Poland	Ukraine
country	Mishmar HaSharon (Hebrew: מִשְׁמַר הַשָּׁרוֹן, lit. Guard of the Sharon) is a kibbutz in central Israel.	Mishmar HaSharon	Israel
country	Vrh pri Mlinšah (pronounced (ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈmliːnʃax)) is a settlement west of Mlinše in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Vrh pri Mlinšah	Slovenia
country	Fort Srebrna Góra or Srebrnogórska Fortress (German: Festung Silberberg, lit. Silver Mountain Fort) is a former military fort, now a monument and a museum, located in the town of Srebrna Góra (lit. Silver Mountain), Lower Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Fort Srebrna Góra	Poland
country	Varinjam Sree Subramanya Swamy Temple is a famous Lord Murugan Temple which is just 3.6 km from Chathannoor, Kollam, Kerala, India.	Varinjam Sree Subramanya Swamy Temple	India
country	Nabi Jan (Persian: نبي جان‎, also Romanized as Nabī Jān; also known as Nyabidzhan) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nabi Jan	Iran
country	The Puchar Ministra Obrony Narodowej is a bicycle race held in Poland.	Puchar Ministra Obrony Narodowej	Poland
country	Chacras de Dolores, which means ``Ranches of Dolores'', is a populated rural area almost entirely surrounding the city of Dolores in the Soriano Department of western Uruguay.	Chacras de Dolores	Uruguay
country	Çamiçi High Plateau is a plateau in Turkey.	Çamiçi High Plateau	Turkey
country	Gumare or Gomare is a rural village located in the North-West District of Botswana, near the Okavango Delta.	Gumare	Botswana
country	MV Reef Endeavour built in Suva Fiji and was the first ship to contact the Great Barrier Reef as an attraction, in 1996, an important milestone for tourism in Australia.	MV Reef Endeavour	Australia
country	Yeonji Park Station (Hangul: 장신대역; hanja: 長神大驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Samgye-dong, Gimhae, South Korea.	Yeonji Park Station	South Korea
country	The Mụ Giạ Pass (Đèo Mụ Giạ, Quảng Bình) is a mountain pass in the Annamite Range between northern Vietnam and Laos, located 90 km northwest of Đồng Hới, Vietnam.	Mụ Giạ Pass	Vietnam
country	Biju Patnaik International Airport (IATA: BBI, ICAO: VEBS), also known as Bhubaneswar Airport, is situated in the city of Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India.	Biju Patnaik International Airport	India
country	Mogod (Mongolian: Могод) is a sum (district) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia.	Mogod	Mongolia
country	The Gulf of Venice is a gulf that borders modern-day Italy, Slovenia and Croatia, and is at the north of the Adriatic Sea between the delta of the Po river in northern Italy and the Istria peninsula in Croatia.	Gulf of Venice	Italy
country	Rumiqullqa (Quechua rumi stone, qullqa, qulqa deposit, storehouse, ``stone deposit'', hispanicized spelling Rumicolca) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Rumiqullqa	Peru
country	Hariharalaya (Khmer: ហរិហរាល័យ) was an ancient city and capital of the Khmer empire located near Siem Reap, Cambodia in an area now called Roluos.	Hariharalaya	Cambodia
country	The Chuvash Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (Chuvash: Чăваш Автономлă Совет Социаллă Республики; Russian: Чувашская Автономная Советская Социалистическая Республик) was an Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Soviet Union.	Chuvash Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Feldmeilen is a village (Wacht) within the municipality of Meilen in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.	Feldmeilen	Switzerland
country	Mühleholz is a village of Liechtenstein, located to the south of Schaan along the Swiss border.	Mühleholz	Liechtenstein
country	Carrigaline (Irish: Carraig Uí Leighin, meaning ``rock of Ó Leighin'') is a commuter town in County Cork, Ireland.	Carrigaline	Ireland
country	Hoài Thượng is a commune (xã) in Thuận Thành District, Bắc Ninh Province, in northeastern Vietnam.	Hoài Thượng	Vietnam
country	The Teufelsteich was one of the oldest reservoirs in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Teufelsteich	Germany
country	The Princess Grace Hospital Centre (French: Le Centre Hospitalier Princesse Grace) is a hospital located in Monaco.	Princess Grace Hospital Centre	Monaco
country	Bartoszyce (bartɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (former German name: Bartenstein) ( listen)) is a town on the Łyna (German: Alle) River in northeastern Poland with 25,621 inhabitants (as of 2004).	Bartoszyce	Poland
country	As of February 2015, approximately 94,531,000 households (81.2% of those with television) receive MSNBC within the United States of America.	MSNBC	United States of America
country	Wandering River is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within Athabasca County.	Wandering River	Canada
country	Ali Najat (Persian: علي نجات‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Najāt) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ali Najat	Iran
country	Alavoneh (Persian: علاونه‎, also Romanized as ``Alāvoneh) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 732, in 94 families.	Alavoneh	Iran
country	Stanojevići is a village in Herzegovina, in Čapljina municipality, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stanojevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ravenna (Italian pronunciation: (raˈvɛnna), also (raˈvenna); Romagnol: Ravêna) is the capital city of the Province of Ravenna, in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.	Ravenna	Italy
country	Jerash University or Jerash Private University (Arabic: جامعة جرش الخاصة) is the only university in Jerash Governorate, Jordan, located about 5 km from Jerash city center.	Jerash University	Jordan
country	Horná Kráľová (Hungarian: Felsökirályi) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District, in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Horná Kráľová	Slovakia
country	Lubska (ˈlupska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lubska	Poland
country	Dronningegården is a Modernist residential complex in central Copenhagen, Denmark, consisting of four L-shaped buildings defining an urban space around the intersection of Adelgade and Dronningens Tværgade.	Dronningegården	Denmark
country	Laguna Glaciar (Spanish for ``glacial lake'') is a lake in the Larecaja Province, La Paz Department, Bolivia.	Laguna Glaciar	Bolivia
country	The Darwin Entertainment Centre is the city's main concert venue and hosts theatre and orchestral performances in Darwin, Australia.	Darwin Entertainment Centre	Australia
country	Svelgen Chapel (Norwegian: Svelgen kapell) is a chapel in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Svelgen Chapel	Norway
country	Organización Soriana is a Mexican public company and a major retailer in Mexico with more than 606 stores.	Soriana	Mexico
country	Echarlens (Arpitan: Tsèrlin ) is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Echarlens	Switzerland
country	Brockville, formerly Elizabethtown, is a city in Eastern Ontario, Canada in the Thousand Islands region.	Brockville	Canada
country	Dieksanderkoog, formerly Adolf-Hitler-Koog was new land (1,330 hectares, or 3,285 acres) created by dikes as a Work Creation measure in Dithmarschen, Germany during the Nazi era.	Dieksanderkoog	Germany
country	The 1920 Gori earthquake hit the Democratic Republic of Georgia on 20 February at 15:45 local time.	1920 Gori earthquake	Georgia
country	Heftziba (Hebrew: חֶפְצִיבָּהּ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Heftziba	Israel
country	The Canadian International Dragon Boat Festival or Rio Tinto Alcan Dragon Boat Festival takes place every June on the waters and shoreside of False Creek in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Canadian International Dragon Boat Festival	Canada
country	The Prague astronomical clock, or Prague orloj (Czech: Pražský orloj (praʃskiː orloj)), is a medieval astronomical clock located in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.	Prague astronomical clock	Czech Republic
country	Skotoussa (Greek: Σκοτούσσα, Bulgarian: Просеник, Prosenik) is a village and a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Skotoussa	Greece
country	That same weekend, The Ennis Sisters received a two-album record deal from Warner Music Canada.	The Ennis Sisters	Canada
country	The Hospicio Cabañas in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, a World Heritage Site, is one of the oldest and largest hospital complexes in the Americas.	Hospicio Cabañas	Mexico
country	Grenaa station (Danish: Grenaa Banegård) is a railway station serving the town of Grenaa, Denmark.	Grenaa station	Denmark
country	Cheyres (Arpitan: Tsêre or Tsàrè) is a municipality in the district of Broye in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Cheyres	Switzerland
country	Bacchi Wapen was a high-end music venue and restaurant in Järntorgsgatan, Gamla stan, Stockholm, Sweden.	Bacchi Wapen	Sweden
country	Wandopol (vanˈdɔpɔl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wandopol	Poland
country	Dadda'to is a village in Djibouti, located in the region of Obock.	Dadda'to	Djibouti
country	Karolinska Institutet (KI, unofficially known as the Karolinska Institute and in older English texts as the Royal Caroline Institute) is a medical university in Solna within the Stockholm urban area, Sweden, and one of the largest and most prestigious medical universities in the world.	Karolinska Institutet	Sweden
country	Krimml is a municipality in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria, in the Pinzgau region.	Krimml	Austria
country	Gerakas (Greek: Γέρακας) is a town and a former municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Gerakas	Greece
country	Lago di Cei, in German Cei See or Zeil See, is a lake in the comune of Villa Lagarina, not far from Rovereto in Trentino, northern Italy.	Lago di Cei	Italy
country	Tanoshimi was the United Kingdom arm of US publisher Random House and was responsible for the publication of their English Language Manga titles.	Tanoshimi	United Kingdom
country	Alistair Knox Park is a park in Eltham, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, named after Alistair Knox, a local famous architect who specialized in mud brick.	Alistair Knox Park	Australia
country	Parkes Airport (IATA: PKE, ICAO: YPKS) is an airport located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) northeast of Parkes, New South Wales, Australia.	Parkes Airport	Australia
country	Adamkayalar (literally ``man-rocks'') is a location in Mersin Province, Turkey famous for rock carved figures.	Adamkayalar	Turkey
country	The Hao River is a river of Thailand and part of the Chao Phraya River basin.	Hao River	Thailand
country	Diaporos Island is an island of about one and a half square miles in the Singitic Gulf, Chalkidiki, northern Greece.	Diaporos Island	Greece
country	Cheshmeh-ye Mirza Hoseyn (Persian: چشمه ميرزاحسين‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Mīrzā Ḩoseyn) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Mirza Hoseyn	Iran
country	Pietkowo (pjɛtˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pietkowo	Poland
country	Bergamo (Italian: (ˈbɛrɡamo) listen ; Lombard: Bèrghem, listen ) is a city in Lombardy, Italy.	Bergamo	Italy
country	Pamulang is a district in the city of South Tangerang, Banten, Indonesia.	Pamulang	Indonesia
country	Kashan (Persian: کاشان‎‎, also Romanized as Kāshān; also known as Kachan) is a city in and the capital of Kashan County, in the province of Isfahan, Iran.	Kashan	Iran
country	Ghizer District is the westernmost part of the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan.	Ghizer District	Pakistan
country	Mandrofify or Manorofify is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Mandrofify	Madagascar
country	Kaftarak (Persian: كفترك‎) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kaftarak	Iran
country	The Christelijk Gymnasium Utrecht is a Dutch grammar school in Utrecht, in the Netherlands.	Christelijk Gymnasium Utrecht	Netherlands
country	Monbulk College is a co-educational secondary school located in Monbulk, Victoria, Australia.	Monbulk College	Australia
country	The Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology is a research institute of the Max Planck Society located in Martinsried, a suburb of Munich in Germany.	Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology	Germany
country	Escan Tower is a mixed use approved skyscrape to be built along Sheikh Zayed Road, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Escan Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	Chervonopartyzansk (Ukrainian: Червонопартизанськ, Russian: Червонопартизанск) is a city in Sverdlovsk Municipality, Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Chervonopartyzansk	Ukraine
country	Altranstädt is a village in Saxony, Germany, now part of the Markranstädt district of Leipzig.	Altranstädt	Germany
country	Kramarzyny (kramaˈʐɨnɨ) (German: Kremerbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchomie, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kramarzyny	Poland
country	Mituva is a river in the western part of Lithuania (Raseiniai and Jurbarkas districts).	Mituva	Lithuania
country	Tošin Bunar (Serbian Cyrillic: Тошин Бунар) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Tošin Bunar	Serbia
country	Coober Pedy is a town in northern South Australia, 846 kilometres north of Adelaide on the Stuart Highway.	Coober Pedy	Australia
country	Cogetinci (pronounced (ˈtsoːɡɛtintsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia.	Cogetinci	Slovenia
country	Dolenja Nemška Vas (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈneːmʃka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Dolenja Nemška vas) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenja Nemška Vas	Slovenia
country	The Chitake River flows through the Mana Pools National Park, Zimbabwe, and has its source in the Zambezi Escarpment.	Chitake River	Zimbabwe
country	Cerro Macá is a stratovolcano located to the north of the Aisén Fjord and to the east of the Moraleda Channel, in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile.	Cerro Macá	Chile
country	Chocoyero-El Brujo Natural Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Natural El Chocoyero-El Brujo) is located in the municipality of Ticuantepe in the Managua department of Nicaragua.	Chocoyero-El Brujo Natural Reserve	Nicaragua
country	Ksalon (Hebrew: כְּסָלוֹן) is a moshav in central Israel.	Ksalon	Israel
country	Mount Apo is a large solfataric, potentially active stratovolcano in the island of Mindanao, Philippines.	Mount Apo	Philippines
country	Qestorat is a community of the former Lunxhëri municipality in the Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Qestorat	Albania
country	Türkan (also, Turkyany, Tyurkend, Tyurkyan, and Tyurkyany) is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Türkan	Azerbaijan
country	Dobje pri Planini (pronounced (ˈdoːbjɛ pɾi plaˈniːni)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia.	Dobje pri Planini	Slovenia
country	Unorganized Rainy River District is an unorganized area in the Rainy River District of Ontario, Canada, comprising all communities in the district which are not part of incorporated municipalities.	Unorganized Rainy River District	Canada
country	The Zakopane-Gubałówka transmitter (Polish designation: RTON Gubałówka) is a facility for FM- and TV-transmission on the Gubałówka mountain at Zakopane, Poland.	Zakopane-Gubałówka transmitter	Poland
country	Chalsara (Persian: چال سرا‎, also Romanized as Chālsarā and Chāl Sarā) is a village in Alishervan Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chalsara	Iran
country	The Central Sava Statistical Region (Slovene: Zasavska statistična regija) is a statistical region in Slovenia.	Central Sava Statistical Region	Slovenia
country	Ustren (Bulgarian: Устрен) is a village in the Kardzhali Province, southern Bulgaria.	Ustren	Bulgaria
country	Vanylvsfjorden is a fjord in western Norway, on the border of Sogn og Fjordane and Møre og Romsdal counties.	Vanylvsfjorden	Norway
country	Telmen Lake (Mongolian: Тэлмэн нуур) is a saltwater lake in Zavkhan, Mongolia.	Telmen Lake	Mongolia
country	Qasr Tuba is an Umayyad qasr or castle in the Amman Governorate of northern Jordan.	Qasr Tuba	Jordan
country	Mount Nebo (Arabic: جبل نيبو‎ Jabal Nībū; Hebrew: הַר נְבוֹ‎ Har Nevo) is an elevated ridge in Jordan, approximately 817 metres (2,680 ft) above sea level, mentioned in the Hebrew Bible as the place where Moses was granted a view of the Promised Land.	Mount Nebo	Jordan
country	Lauca is a Biosphere Reserve, located in northern Chile, in Arica y Parinacota Region.	Lauca	Chile
country	Mefalsim (Hebrew: מְפַלְּסִים, lit. Road pavers) is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Mefalsim	Israel
country	Puerto Deseado, originally called Port Desire, is a city of about 15,000 inhabitants and a fishing port in Patagonia in Santa Cruz Province of Argentina, on the estuary of the Deseado River.	Puerto Deseado	Argentina
country	Trzciel-Odbudowa (ˈtʂt͡ɕel ɔdbuˈdɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzichowo, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trzciel-Odbudowa	Poland
country	Uiwang Station (Station P152) is a ground-level metro station on line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Uiwang, South Korea.	Uiwang Station	South Korea
country	Subate ( pronunciation ; German: Subbath), population 964, is a town in Latvia near the border with Lithuania.	Subate	Latvia
country	Nosy Alañaña Light, also known as Île aux Prunes Light (French: Phare de l'Île aux Prunes), is an active lighthouse in Île aux Prunes, Toamasina Province, Madagascar.	Nosy Alañaña Light	Madagascar
country	Mouanko is a town and commune in the Littoral Region of Cameroon, lying on the north bank of the Sanaga River.	Mouanko	Cameroon
country	The Canton of Hédé is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the northeast of the department.	Canton of Hédé	France
country	Paris Dauphine University (French: Université Paris-Dauphine), often referred to as Paris Dauphine or Dauphine is a public research and higher education institution in Paris, France.	Paris Dauphine University	France
country	Ratchadamnoen Avenue (Thai: ถนนราชดำเนิน, pronounced (râːt.tɕʰa.dām.nɤ̄ːn), also spelled Rajdamnern) is a historic road in the Phra Nakhon and Dusit Districts of Bangkok, Thailand.	Ratchadamnoen Avenue	Thailand
country	Montréal/Boisvert & Fils Water Airport (TC LID: CSA4) is located on the River des Prairies, near Montreal, Quebec, Canada and is open from May until the middle of November.	Montréal/Boisvert & Fils Water Airport	Canada
country	Bengassou (also spelled Bingassou) is a town in east-central Ivory Coast.	Bengassou	Ivory Coast
country	Mishmar HaEmek (Hebrew: מִשְׁמַר הָעֵמֶק, lit. Guardian of the Valley) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Mishmar HaEmek	Israel
country	Luigerahu is a small, moraine-based Baltic Sea island that belongs to the country of Estonia.	Luigerahu	Estonia
country	Scout Creek, an urban gully that is part of the Parramatta River catchment, is located in Northern Suburbs region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Scout Creek	Australia
country	Wasseiges is a Walloon municipality located in the province of Liège, in Belgium.	Wasseiges	Belgium
country	Colonia Tabacalera is a colonia or neighborhood in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City, on the western border of the city's historic center.	Colonia Tabacalera	Mexico
country	Yamnytsia (Ukrainian: Ямниця) is a village of Tysmenytsia Raion, Ukraine, just few miles north from Ivano-Frankivsk.	Yamnytsia	Ukraine
country	Daegu University of Foreign Studies is a university of Foreign Studies in Gyeongsan, North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Daegu University of Foreign Studies	South Korea
country	Simskardvatnet (Southern Sami: Sijdurrienjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county, Norway.	Simskardvatnet	Norway
country	The Municipality of Cerknica (Slovene: Občina Cerknica) is a municipality in the Karst region of southwestern Slovenia, with a population of 11,350 in 2012.	Municipality of Cerknica	Slovenia
country	Singi Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Singi-dong, Dong District, Daegu, South Korea.	Singi Station	South Korea
country	Bedburg-Hau is a municipality in the district of Cleves in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bedburg-Hau	Germany
country	Mount Simeon or Mount Simon (Arabic: جبل سمعان‎ Jabal Semʻān (ˈd͡ʒæbæl sæmˈʕaːn)), also called Mount Laylūn (Arabic: جبل ليلون‎), is a highland region in Aleppo Governorate in northern Syria.	Mount Simeon	Syria
country	Borden Island is an uninhabited, low-lying island in the Queen Elizabeth Islands of northern Canada.	Borden Island	Canada
country	Posyet (Russian: Посье́т) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Khasansky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia, and an ice-free port on the Possiet Bay.	Posyet	Russia
country	Ińsko (ˈiɲskɔ) (German: Nörenberg; Kashubian: Nerbarg) is a town in Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Ińsko	Poland
country	Ayni District, also Aini District (Tajik: Nohiya-i Ayni, Ноҳияи Айнӣ; Persian: ناحیۀ عینی‎‎), is a district in the southern part of Sughd province, Tajikistan, straddling the middle course of the Zeravshan River.	Ayni District	Tajikistan
country	Zabolotsi (Ukrainian: Заболотці) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Zabolotsi	Ukraine
country	Kalatak Sar (Persian: كلاتك سر‎, also Romanized as Kalātak Sar) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kalatak Sar	Iran
country	Ko Lanta Yai (Thai: เกาะลันตาใหญ่) is in the Andaman Sea off the west coast of Thailand, between the Phi Phi Islands and the mainland.	Ko Lanta Yai	Thailand
country	Elmvale, Ontario is a rural town in Springwater Township, Ontario, Canada.	Elmvale, Ontario	Canada
country	Kronotsky (Russian: Кроноцкая сопка, Kronotskaya Sopka) is a major stratovolcano of the Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Kronotsky	Russia
country	Sutton Bridge and the surrounding area has recently seen an influx of new residents, mostly from the southern part of the United Kingdom.	Sutton Bridge	United Kingdom
country	Kraainem (Dutch: (ˈkraːjnɛm); French: Crainhem, pronounced: (kʁeˈnɛm)) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, in Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.	Kraainem	Belgium
country	In 1905, Vauxhall Motors opened the largest car plant in the United Kingdom in Luton.	Luton	United Kingdom
country	Nizhnyaya Tura (Russian: Ни́жняя Тура) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Tura River (Ob's basin), 254 kilometers (158 mi) north of Yekaterinburg.	Nizhnyaya Tura	Russia
country	Gnangara Road is an arterial east-west road in Perth, Australia.	Gnangara Road	Australia
country	Nunawading Christian College is a private coeducational Christian school located in Nunawading, Victoria, Australia.	Nunawading Christian College	Australia
country	Niedzica (ɲeˈd͡ʑit͡sa), is a resort town in Nowy Targ County of Lesser Poland province, Poland, located on the banks of Czorsztyn lake.	Niedzica	Poland
country	Tao-Rusyr Caldera (Russian: Тао-Русыр) is a stratovolcano located at the southern end of Onekotan Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Tao-Rusyr Caldera	Russia
country	Morter is a subdivision of the municipality of Latsch in South Tyrol, Italy.	Morter	Italy
country	Plozévet (Breton: Plozeved) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Plozévet	France
country	Yvonand is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois (former Yverdon) of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Yvonand	Switzerland
country	The José Martí Memorial (Spanish: Monumento a José Martí) is a memorial to José Martí, a national hero of Cuba, located on the northern side of the Plaza de la Revolución in the Vedado area of Havana.	José Martí Memorial	Cuba
country	Tumanyan Park (Armenian: Թումանյան Այգի) is a public park in the Ajapnyak district of Yerevan, Armenia.	Tumanyan Park	Armenia
country	The Kore University of Enna is the newest Sicilian university: in fact, it's the first university founded in Sicily after the unification of Italy, and it was founded 200 years after the foundation of the last Sicilian university, the University of Palermo.	Kore University of Enna	Italy
country	Avao is a village on the north central coast of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Avao	Samoa
country	Aluemeri (Finnish), Territorialhavet (Swedish) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Aluemeri	Finland
country	Al-Shamiyah (Arabic: الشامية‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia.	Al-Shamiyah	Syria
country	Kakhovka (Ukrainian: Каховка, Russian: Кахо́вка) is a port city on the Dnieper River in the Kherson Oblast (province) of southern Ukraine.	Kakhovka	Ukraine
country	Samegrelo/Samargalo or Megrelia, Mingrelia (Georgian: სამეგრელო Samegrelo; Mingrelian: სამარგალო Samargalo) is a historic province in the western part of Georgia, formerly also known as Odishi.	Samegrelo	Georgia
country	Varstu is a small borough (alevik) in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.	Varstu	Estonia
country	Štrba is a village in the Poprad District, Prešov Region, northern Slovakia.	Štrba	Slovakia
country	The Florence American Cemetery and Memorial is about 7.5 miles (12 kilometers) south of Florence, Italy, about two miles (3 km) south of the Florence-Impruneta exit of the Rome-Milan autoroute.	Florence American Cemetery and Memorial	Italy
country	The Caribbean Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) is a public radio and television broadcaster, located in Barbados.	Caribbean Broadcasting Corporation	Barbados
country	Mazraeh-ye Morad Heydari (Persian: مزرعه مرادحيدري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Morād Ḩeydarī) is a village in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Morad Heydari	Iran
country	Lake Lanao (Maranao: Ranao or Ranaw) is a large lake in the Philippines, located in Lanao del Sur province in the country's southern island of Mindanao.	Lake Lanao	Philippines
country	Lázně Libverda (German: Bad Liebwerda) is a spa village in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Lázně Libverda	Czech Republic
country	Akkol District (Kazakh: Ақкөл ауданы) is a district (audan) of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan.	Akkol District	Kazakhstan
country	Schönhausen Palace (German: Schloss Schönhausen) is a Baroque palace at Niederschönhausen, in the borough of Pankow, Berlin, Germany.	Schönhausen Palace	Germany
country	Šiljkovići (Cyrillic: Шиљковићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šiljkovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Əvçədulan (also, Avchadulan) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əvçədulan	Azerbaijan
country	'Îlot du Diable is a gun battery built to support fort de la Fraternité in the defensive system around the goulet de Brest in France.	Îlot du Diable	France
country	Baconao Park is a large park region, located about 60 kilometers away from the city of Santiago de Cuba, with a total surface of 848.57 km2 (327.63 sq mi).	Baconao	Cuba
country	The Howick Island is the southernmost and an uninhabited island in the Howick Group National Park that is part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Howick Island	Australia
country	Indeed, many Lumix models are fitted with Leica lenses (e.g. Nocticron or Elmarit lenses), designed by Leica's German optical engineers, and are assembled in Japan.	Lumix	Japan
country	Battle River-Wainwright is a provincial electoral district in rural central east Alberta, Canada.	Battle River-Wainwright	Canada
country	The World Film Festival of Bangkok (Thai: เทศกาลภาพยนตร์โลกแห่งกรุงเทพฯ) is an annual international film festival held between October & November in Bangkok, Thailand.	World Film Festival of Bangkok	Thailand
country	Abasin Arts Council (formerly Abasin Arts Society) is an art gallery and exhibition centre in Peshawar, Pakistan.	Abasin Arts Council	Pakistan
country	Gondang Dam is located at Sugio, a sub-district of Lamongan, Indonesia.	Gondang Dam	Indonesia
country	Ñumí (Guaraní:Ñumi) is a district of the Guairá Department, Paraguay.	Ñumí	Paraguay
country	Kemili (Persian: كميلي‎, also Romanized as Kemīlī; also known as Kemmelī) is a village in Dadenjan Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kemili	Iran
country	Lipa Nowa (ˈlipa ˈnɔva) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lipa Nowa	Poland
country	The Waioeka River is found in the north of New Zealand's North Island.	Waioeka River	New Zealand
country	The Museum of the Orient (Portuguese: Museu do Oriente) in Lisbon, Portugal celebrates the history of Portuguese exploration with a collection of Asian artifacts.	Museum of the Orient	Portugal
country	The Ted Smout Memorial Bridge is a road and pedestrian bridge in Brisbane, Australia, the third bridge crossing Bramble Bay (the first being the now demolished Hornibrook Bridge).	Ted Smout Memorial Bridge	Australia
country	Sudden Death Records arrived in Canada's burgeoning punk scene in 1978.	Sudden Death Records	Canada
country	Tinson Pen Aerodrome (IATA: KTP, ICAO: MKTP) in Kingston, Jamaica is the largest of Jamaica's three domestic airports.	Tinson Pen Aerodrome	Jamaica
country	The Llobregat (Catalan pronunciation: (ʎuβɾəˈɣat)) is the second longest river in Catalonia, Spain.	Llobregat	Spain
country	Val d'Oust is a commune in the Morbihan department of western France, named after the river Oust.	Val d'Oust	France
country	Anou Achra Lemoun is a cave of Djurdjura in Algeria.	Anou Achra Lemoun	Algeria
country	The Bundesstraße 26 or Federal Highway 26, (abbreviation: B 26) runs between the city of Riedstadt at the B44, to the city of Hallstadt, at the Bundesautobahn 70, A70 in Germany.	Bundesstraße 26	Germany
country	Zachkan (Persian: زاچكان‎, also Romanized as Zāchkān; also known as Zaikān, Zājkān, Zāj Kand, Zāj Kandī, Z̄āker, and Zaykan) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zachkan	Iran
country	Aviano railway station (Italian: Stazione di Aviano) is a railway station serving the city of Aviano, Italy.	Aviano railway station	Italy
country	Losada River (Spanish pronunciation: (loˈsaða)) is a river of Colombia.	Losada River	Colombia
country	Orašje Zubci (Serbian Cyrillic: Орашје Зубци) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Orašje Zubci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Malaulalo is an uninhabited island in the Solomon Islands; it is the central one of the Olu Malau (Three Sisters) Islands located in Makira-Ulawa Province.	Malaulalo	Solomon Islands
country	Gjavato (Macedonian: Ѓавато) is a village in the Bitola Municipality of Macedonia	Gjavato	Macedonia
country	It is possible Stridon was located either in modern Croatia or Slovenia.	Stridon	Slovenia
country	Samogitia or Žemaitija (Samogitian: Žemaitėjė; Lithuanian: Žemaitija; literally ``lowlands'') is one of the five ethnographic regions of Lithuania.	Samogitia	Lithuania
country	Apple River Airport (TC LID: CCA7) was located 1.5 NM (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) west of Apple River, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Apple River Airport	Canada
country	Magozd (pronounced (ˈmaːɡɔst); Italian: Magosti) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Magozd	Slovenia
country	Savski Venac (Serbian Cyrillic: Савски Венац, pronounced (sâːv̞skiː v̞ě̞ːnat͡s)) is one of 17 city municipalities which constitute the City of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Savski Venac	Serbia
country	Schmalkalden (German pronunciation: (ʃmalˈkaldən)) is a town in the Schmalkalden-Meiningen district, in the southwestern portion of Thuringia state in Germany.	Schmalkalden	Germany
country	Novomichurinsk (Russian: Новомичу́ринск) is a town in Pronsky District of Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located on the Pronya River 85 kilometers (53 mi) south of Ryazan, the administrative center of the oblast.	Novomichurinsk	Russia
country	Oblikë (also known as Oblikë e Madhe and Oblikë e Poshtëme) is a settlement in the former Ana e Malit municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Oblikë	Albania
country	Commune of Kigamba is a commune of Cankuzo Province in north-eastern Burundi.	Commune of Kigamba	Burundi
country	Ananda Mohan College is a national university affiliated university college of Bangladesh situated in the town of Mymensingh.	Ananda Mohan College	Bangladesh
country	The Cégep de Rivière-du-Loup is a college-level educational institution established in 1969 in Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec, Canada.	Cégep de Rivière-du-Loup	Canada
country	The Pakri Peninsula extends from northwestern mainland Estonia's Harju County into the Baltic Sea.	Pakri Peninsula	Estonia
country	Klang Plaza (Thai: คลังพลาซ่า) is a local department store in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.	Klang Plaza	Thailand
country	The University of Manchester has 25 Nobel laureates among its past and present students and staff, the fourth-highest number of any single university in the United Kingdom.	University of Manchester	United Kingdom
country	The Lucian Blaga University of Sibiu (Romanian: Universitatea ``Lucian Blaga'' din Sibiu) is a public university in Sibiu, Romania.	Lucian Blaga University of Sibiu	Romania
country	The Estádio Dr. Magalhães Pessoa (English: Dr. Magalhães Pessoa Stadium) is a football stadium in Leiria, Portugal, built as a venue for the UEFA Euro 2004 finals held in Portugal.	Estádio Dr. Magalhães Pessoa	Portugal
country	Sveta Marija is a village and a municipality in Međimurje County, Croatia.	Sveta Marija	Croatia
country	The Blatnica Valley (Slovak: Blatnická dolina) is a karst valley in the Greater Fatra Range in Slovakia.	Blatnica Valley	Slovakia
country	Gautam Budha Wildlife Sanctuary (also spelled Gautam Buddha) is a wildlife sanctuary located in Gaya district of Bihar state and Hazaribagh district of Jharkhand state in east-central India.	Gautam Budha Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Pertamina Energy Tower is a 99-story, 530-metre (1,740 ft) skyscraper under construction in Jakarta, Indonesia, which will be the tallest building in Indonesia upon completion.	Pertamina Energy Tower	Indonesia
country	Phunom is a town in Tiddim Township, Chin State, Burma (Myanmar).	Phunom	Myanmar
country	Zemono (pronounced (zɛˈmoːnɔ)) is a small settlement in the Vipava Valley north of the town of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zemono	Slovenia
country	The River Dard is a short (2.1 km) tributary of the River Seille in the department of Jura in France.	Dard	France
country	Subbiano is a small town and comune (municipality) in Tuscany, central Italy, on the left bank of the River Arno.	Subbiano	Italy
country	Bilyuin Pool is a permanent pool located about 90 kilometres north of Meekatharra in central Western Australia, and the far upper reaches of the Murchison River.	Bilyuin Pool	Australia
country	Klagenfurt Airport (IATA: KLU, ICAO: LOWK), also known as Kärnten Airport, is the airport of Klagenfurt, the sixth-largest city in Austria.	Klagenfurt Airport	Austria
country	Poskær Stenhus is the largest round barrow in Denmark, dating back to 3.300 B.C., located by the village Knebel on the hilly southern part of the peninsula, Djursland, at the entrance to The Baltic Sea between Denmark and Sweden in Northern Europe.	Poskær Stenhus	Denmark
country	Ravne Castle (Slovene: Grad Ravne, German: Streiteben) is a castle near the town of Ravne na Koroškem, in the Carinthia region of northern Slovenia.	Ravne Castle	Slovenia
country	Schlachtkapelle (lit. ``battle chapel'') is a term used in Switzerland for a chapel dedicated to the memory of one of the battles of the Old Swiss Confederacy.	Schlachtkapelle	Switzerland
country	Viile Satu Mare (Hungarian: Szatmárhegy, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsɒtmaːrhɛɟ)) is a commune of 2,356 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Viile Satu Mare	Romania
country	Pencran (Breton: Penn-ar-C'hrann) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Pencran	France
country	Mengo Hospital, also known as Namirembe Hospital, is a hospital in Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.	Mengo Hospital	Uganda
country	When forces loyal to Miguel I of Portugal (1828--1834) made landfall between the Fort of the Port and Fort of the Espírito Santo, they were impeded from advancing by a small Liberal contingent.	Fort of the Espírito Santo	Portugal
country	Achajur (Armenian: Աչաջուր, also Romanized as Ačajur, Achadjur, and Achadzhur; formerly, Achasu) is a village in the Tavush province of Armenia.	Achajur	Armenia
country	Ľudovítová is a small village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Ľudovítová	Slovakia
country	The Tanagro (Tanàgro) or Negro is a river of the Province of Salerno, southwestern Italy.	Tanagro	Italy
country	Koh Ker (Khmer: ប្រាសាទកោះកេរ្ដិ៍) is a remote archaeological site in northern Cambodia about 120 kilometres (75 mi) away from Siem Reap and the ancient site of Angkor.	Koh Ker	Cambodia
country	Aluch (Persian: الوچ‎, also Romanized as Ālūch; also known as Ālūj) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aluch	Iran
country	Preetz (German pronunciation: (ˈpʁeːts)) is a town in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Northern Germany.	Preetz	Germany
country	Hasselager is a small suburban area in the south-western part of Aarhus in Denmark.	Hasselager	Denmark
country	Limone sul Garda is a town and comune in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy (northern Italy), on the shore of Lake Garda.	Limone sul Garda	Italy
country	The Vätsäri Wilderness Area (Finnish: Vätsärin erämaa, Swedish: Vätsäriområdet) is located along the northeastern shore of Lake Inari in Inari, northern Finland, stretching all the way to the Finland--	Vätsäri Wilderness Area	Finland
country	Wycheproof railway station is a closed railway station on the Kulwin rail line in Wycheproof, Victoria, Australia.	Wycheproof railway station	Australia
country	Aykhal Airport is a public airport in Russia.	Aykhal Airport	Russia
country	Sutomore (pronounced (sûtɔmɔːrɛ)) (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Сутоморе; Venetian: Spizza) is a small coastal town in Bar Municipality, Montenegro.	Sutomore	Montenegro
country	Knocklyon (Irish: Cnoc Lín) is a suburb of Dublin in Ireland.	Knocklyon	Ireland
country	Elyasvand-e Sofla (Persian: الياسوندسفلي‎, also Romanized as Elyāsvand-e Soflá; also known as Elyāsvand-e Pā'īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Elyasvand-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Victorian Major Events Company is a foundation for sporting and cultural events in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Major Events Company	Australia
country	Agosk (Persian: اگسك‎, also Romanized as Āgosk; also known as Agosk-e Moḩammadābād and Āgūsk) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Agosk	Iran
country	East Killara is a suburb on the Upper North Shore of Sydney in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	East Killara	Australia
country	Qamışlıgöl (also, Gamyshlygël, Gamyshlygël'', and Kamyshly-Gel) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qamışlıgöl	Azerbaijan
country	Reģi Manor (Latvian: Reģu muižas pils) is a manor house in the village of Reģi in Alsunga municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Reģi Manor	Latvia
country	Kaikohe Aerodrome is an airfield south-east of Kaikohe in the Northland region of New Zealand.	Kaikohe Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Esanatoglia is a town and comune in the Marche, Italy.	Esanatoglia	Italy
country	Wood Buffalo National Park, located in northeastern Alberta and southern Northwest Territories, is the largest national park in Canada at 44,807 km2 (17,300 sq mi).	Wood Buffalo National Park	Canada
country	The Tia Maria mine is a large copper mine located in the south of Peru in the Moquegua Region.	Tia Maria mine	Peru
country	Priol is a village in central Goa, in western India.	Priol	India
country	PalaTrieste, officially known as Palazzo dello sport Cesare Rubini is an indoor sporting arena located in Trieste, Italy.	PalaTrieste	Italy
country	The Omatako Mountains (German: Omatakoberge) are two mountains in Namibia.	Omatako Mountain	Namibia
country	Kiev Governorate was an administrative division of the Russian Empire in 1796 until the Soviet administrative reform of the 1920s.	Kiev Governorate	Russian Empire
country	University of Gedo (Somali: Jaamacada Gedo Arabic: جامعة جدو‎) is a public university in the city of Bardera situated in the Gedo region of Somalia.	University of Gedo	Somalia
country	Lemešany (Hungarian: Lemes, Rusyn: Лемешані) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Lemešany	Slovakia
country	Lavrovec (pronounced (ˈlaːu̯ɾɔʋəts)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills southeast of Žiri in Slovenia.	Lavrovec	Slovenia
country	The Leventis Municipal Museum of Nicosia (Greek: Λεβέντιο Μουσείο, Turkish: Leventis Müzesi) in Nicosia, Cyprus, is home to an extensive collection of Cypriot works include archaeological artifacts, costumes, photographs, medieval pottery, maps and engravings, jewels, and furniture.	Leventis Municipal Museum of Nicosia	Cyprus
country	The Ölbergshöhe in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a mountain spur, 320.6 m, of the Ramberg ridge near Bad Suderode in the Saxony-Anhalt county of Harz.	Ölbergshöhe	Germany
country	The Aix-Marseille Graduate School of Management, also known as IAE Aix-en-Provence or IAE Aix is a business school in the South of France, part of Aix-Marseille University, the largest University in the French-speaking world, founded in 1409.	IAE Aix-en-Provence	France
country	Široké (Hungarian: Siroka) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Široké	Slovakia
country	The Liyutan Dam (Chinese: 鯉魚潭水庫; pinyin: Lǐyútán Shuǐkù) is a dam in Sanyi Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.	Liyutan Dam	Taiwan
country	Enayat (Persian: عنايت‎, also Romanized as ʿEnāyat) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Enayat	Iran
country	Golok Rembau is a golok in a shape of the Tumbok Lada, in a larger version originating from Sumatra, Indonesia and also commonly found in Malaysia.	Golok Rembau	Indonesia
country	Amader Shomoy (Bengali: আমাদের সময়) is a Bengali language daily newspaper from Bangladesh.	Amader Shomoy	Bangladesh
country	Distrato (Greek: Δίστρατο, Aromanian: Briaza) is a village and a former community in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Distrato	Greece
country	Petseri County (Estonian: Petserimaa) was a county of Estonia established in 1918.	Petseri County	Estonia
country	Mikulčice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmi.kul.tʃi.tsɛ)) is a municipality (obec) in the Czech Republic, situated 7 km south of Hodonín, nearby the Slovak border.	Mikulčice	Czech Republic
country	Buchach (Ukrainian: Бучач; Polish: Buczacz; Yiddish: בעטשאָטש‎; Turkish: Bucaş) is a town located on the Strypa River (a tributary of the Dniester) in Ternopil Oblast (province) of Western Ukraine.	Buchach	Ukraine
country	The Freilichtbühne Loreley (Loreley Open-Air Theatre) is an amphitheatre located on top of the Lorelei rock in St. Goarshausen, Germany.	Freilichtbühne Loreley	Germany
country	Eltz Manor (Croatian: Dvorac Eltz, German: Schloss Eltz) is a Baroque castle in Vukovar, Croatia.	Eltz Manor	Croatia
country	The Anieșul Mic River (Hungarian: Kis-Anyes-patak) is a headwater of the Anieș River în Romania	Anieșul Mic River	Romania
country	Carifiesta (French: Carifête) is an annual Caribbean Carnival held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Carifiesta	Canada
country	Šentjakob ob Savi (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtjaːkɔp ɔp ˈsaːʋi) or (ʃənˈtjaːkɔp ɔp ˈsaːʋi); in older sources also Sveti Jakob ob Savi) is a formerly independent settlement in the northeastern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Šentjakob ob Savi	Slovenia
country	Svenska Badmintonförbundet (Swedish Badminton Union) or Badminton Sweden is the governing body for the sport of badminton in Sweden.	Svenska Badmintonförbundet	Sweden
country	Shumen (also spelled Shoumen or Šumen, Bulgarian: Шумен), is the tenth largest city in Bulgaria and the administrative and economic capital of Shumen Province.	Shumen	Bulgaria
country	Lei Muk Shue Estate (Chinese: 梨木樹邨) is a public housing estate in Lei Muk Shue, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong, near the exit of Shing Mun Tunnel.	Lei Muk Shue Estate	Hong Kong
country	Qaleh Shekar (Persian: قلعه شكار‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Shekār) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 162, in 42 families.	Qaleh Shekar	Iran
country	Aman Kandi (Persian: امن كندي‎, also Romanized as Aman Kandī) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aman Kandi	Iran
country	Cloughleigh, officially Cloghleagh (Irish: an Chloch Liath), is a townland and residential area of Ennis, County Clare, Ireland.	Cloughleigh	Ireland
country	Marmarashen (Armenian: Մարմարաշեն, meaning Marble Made, Aghamzali (?-25.05.1967)) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Marmarashen	Armenia
country	Dekemhare (sometimes spelled Decamare,Tigrinya: ደቀምሓረ?) is a town in Eritrea, lying south east of Asmara.	Dekemhare	Eritrea
country	Jigh Jigh (Persian: جيغ جيغ‎, also Romanized as Jīgh Jīgh; also known as Jīq Jīq and Qeshlāq-e Jīgh Jīgh) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jigh Jigh	Iran
country	According to the IBGE, Brazil's Geography and Statistics Institute, Canoas currently has no rural areas, but it started as a village of large landowners.	Canoas	Brazil
country	Buchanan Airport (IATA: UCN, ICAO: GLBU) is an airport serving Buchanan, in the Grand Bassa County in Liberia.	Buchanan Airport	Liberia
country	SMK Bandar Baru UDA or Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Bandar Baru UDA is the main secondary school in Bandar Baru UDA, Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.	SMK Bandar Baru UDA	Malaysia
country	The Venetian Lagoon is an enclosed bay of the Adriatic Sea, in northern Italy, in which the city of Venice is situated.	Venetian Lagoon	Italy
country	Posępsko (pɔˈsɛmpskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Posępsko	Poland
country	The Imperial Football Club, nicknamed the Blues, is an Australian rules football club in Murray Bridge, South Australia.	Imperial Football Club	Australia
country	Nsoatre is a town in the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.	Nsoatre	Ghana
country	Letná Park (in Czech Letenské sady) is a large park on Letná hill, built on a plateau above steep embankments along the Vltava River in Prague, Czech Republic.	Letná Park	Czech Republic
country	Vladimirovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимировац) is a village in Serbia.	Vladimirovac	Serbia
country	Doische (French pronunciation: ​(dwaʃ)) is a Walloon municipality located in Belgium in the province of Namur.	Doische	Belgium
country	Schmalenberg is a municipality in Südwestpfalz district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	Schmalenberg	Germany
country	Thottilpalam is a major town in north east of Kozhikode district, Kerala, in southwest India.	Thottilpalam	India
country	Waterhen Indian Reserve No. 130, officially Waterhen 130, is an Indian reserve community in Saskatchewan, Canada, located 39 km north of the community of Meadow Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Waterhen Indian Reserve No. 130	Canada
country	G. Sankara Pillai Cultural Complex is a cultural center located in the city of Thrissur, Kerala, India.	G. Sankara Pillai Cultural Complex	India
country	The University of Fredericton is a degree-granting online university providing certificate and graduate degree programs in business leadership in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	University of Fredericton	Canada
country	Deh-e Dik (Persian: ده ديك‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Dīḵ) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Dik	Iran
country	Sumgait Private Turkish High School (Azerbaijani: Sumqayıt Özəl Türk Liseyi, also abbr. SÖTL), was a private secondary school in Sumgait, Azerbaijan.	Sumgait Private Turkish High School	Azerbaijan
country	Ərəbbəsra is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərəbbəsra	Azerbaijan
country	Colunga is a municipality in the Autonomous community of the Principality of Asturias, Spain.	Colunga	Spain
country	Ordahal (also, Ordakhal and Ordagalya) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ordahal	Azerbaijan
country	Grabionka (ɡraˈbjɔnka) (German: Grabershof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Grabionka	Poland
country	Haapsalu Railway Station (Estonian: Haapsalu raudteejaama) was the main railway station in Haapsalu, Estonia.	Haapsalu Railway Station	Estonia
country	Isojärvi National Park (Finnish: Isojärven kansallispuisto) is a national park in Central Finland.	Isojärvi National Park	Finland
country	Déline Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CEN7), is adjacent to Deliné, Northwest Territories, Canada, on Great Bear Lake and is open from the middle of May until the middle of October.	Déline Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Melbourne Youth Justice Centre (formerly Melbourne Juvenile Justice Centre and Turana Youth training Centre), is a youth corrections facility located in Parkville, Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Youth Justice Centre	Australia
country	The Royal Canadian Henley Rowing Course is a rowing facility that is located in Port Dalhousie, St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.	Royal Canadian Henley Rowing Course	Canada
country	Žemberovce (Hungarian: Zsember) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Žemberovce	Slovakia
country	The Scrap Metal Dealers Act 2013 (c. 10) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which will amend the law relating to scrap metal dealers.	Scrap Metal Dealers Act 2013	United Kingdom
country	Mae Faek Mai (Thai: แม่แฝกใหม่) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Sai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Faek Mai	Thailand
country	During the wars in the Former Yugoslavia, most of the Croats left Novi Slankamen and other settlements in the Serbian part of Syrmia, and moved to Croatia, Western Europe, North America, and Australia, while Serb refugees from Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Kosovo settled there instead of them.	Novi Slankamen	Croatia
country	Ylläs, or Yllästunturi in Finnish, is a 718-metre (2,356 ft) high fell in the municipality of Kolari in Lapland Province of Finland.	Ylläs	Finland
country	The BeNe League was the highest women's football league in Belgium and the Netherlands.	BeNe League	Belgium	Netherlands
country	Ruhango is a town and capital of the Ruhango District in Southern Province, Rwanda.	Ruhango	Rwanda
country	Udrycze-Kolonia (uˈdrɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Udrycze-Kolonia	Poland
country	Gatama (also transliterated Getema, Catama Argio) is a town in western Ethiopia.	Gatama	Ethiopia
country	Quezalguaque (Spanish pronunciation: (kesalˈɣwake)) is a municipality in the León department of Nicaragua.	Quezalguaque	Nicaragua
country	Skien Airport, Geiteryggen (Norwegian: Skien lufthavn, Geiteryggen; IATA: SKE, ICAO: ENSN) is a regional airport located at Geiteryggen, 5.5 kilometers (3.4 mi) southwest of the city center of Skien, Norway.	Skien Airport, Geiteryggen	Norway
country	The Yadanabon Zoological Gardens (Burmese: ရတနာပုံ တိရိစ္ဆာန် ဥယျာဉ် (jədənàbòʊɴ təɹeɪʔsʰàɴ ʔṵjɪ̀ɴ)) is a zoo in Mandalay, Myanmar.	Yadanabon Zoological Gardens	Myanmar
country	Šalovci (pronounced (ˈʃaːlɔu̯tsi); Hungarian: Sal) is a village and a municipality in the Prekmurje region in northeastern Slovenia.	Šalovci	Slovenia
country	Mbengwi is the headquarters of Momo Department in the Northwest Region of Cameroon, located some 22 km from Bamenda.	Mbengwi	Cameroon
country	Uszód (Croatian: Vusad) is a village in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Uszód	Hungary
country	Vittorio Veneto is a city and comune situated in the Province of Treviso, in the region of Veneto, Italy, in the northeast of the Italian peninsula, between the Piave and the Livenza rivers.	Vittorio Veneto	Italy
country	Jaslyk Prison is a detention facility in Karakalpakstan in north-west Uzbekistan where human rights activists and ex-inmates allege that torture is widespread.	Jaslyk Prison	Uzbekistan
country	Biały Bór (ˈbʲawɨ ˈbur) (German: Baldenburg) is a town in Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,137 inhabitants (2004).	Biały Bór	Poland
country	Slavoška is a small village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Slavoška	Slovakia
country	On January 1, 1919, the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic was proclaimed in Smolensk, but its government moved to Minsk as soon as the German forces had been driven out of Minsk several days later.	Smolensk	Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic
country	Mithiani is a town in the Naushahro Feroze District, of Sindh, Pakistan.	Mithiani	Pakistan
country	Leushi (Russian: Леуши) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kondinsky District of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Leushi	Russia
country	Inazares is a dependent village of Moratalla, Murcia, Spain with a population of 40.	Inazares	Spain
country	The Golijska Moravica or simply Moravica (Serbian Cyrillic: Голијска Моравица or Моравица) is a river in western Serbia.	Golijska Moravica	Serbia
country	Ruda Wielka (ˈruda ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ruda Wielka	Poland
country	Mata-Utu (ʻUvean: Matāʻutu) is the capital of Wallis and Futuna, an overseas collectivity of France.	Mata-Utu	France
country	Baharly (formerly Bäherden) is a town and seat of Baharly District in south-western Turkmenistan in Ahal Province.	Baharly	Turkmenistan
country	Saatli Mosque (Azerbaijani: Saatlı məscidi) is an Azerbaijani mosque located in Shusha, Karabakh region of Azerbaijan about 350 km from capital Baku but is currently under control of Armenian forces since the occupation of Shusha on May 8, 1992.	Saatli Mosque	Azerbaijan
country	MinterEllison is a multinational professional services firm based in Australia.	MinterEllison	Australia
country	Dragomlja Vas (pronounced (dɾaˈɡomlja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Dragomlja vas, German: Dragomelsdorf) is a small settlement south of Bereča Vas in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Dragomlja Vas	Slovenia
country	Campeche Bank is part of the Gulf of Mexico and extends from the Yucatan Straits in the east to the Tabasco-Campeche Basin in the west.	Campeche Bank	Mexico
country	D'Arcy-McGee is a provincial electoral district in the Montreal region of the province of Quebec, Canada, that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec.	D'Arcy-McGee	Canada
country	MBPJ Tower or Menara MBPJ (formerly Menara MPPJ or MPPJ Tower) is a major landmark in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.	MBPJ Tower	Malaysia
country	Ruoti is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy.	Ruoti	Italy
country	Ajaland is the area inhabited by the Aja people in Benin and Togo, West Africa.	Ajaland	Benin	Togo
country	Okalongo is a small tribe and village, which is situated in the north of Ovamboland, Namibia.	Okalongo	Namibia
country	Isla del Caño is a small island in the Bahia de Corcovado (Corcovado Bay) in Osa Costa Rica.	Isla del Caño	Costa Rica
country	Longzhong (Chinese: 隆中; pinyin: Lóngzhōng) is a scenic area with 1700 years of history and a total area of 209 square kilometres (81 sq mi) located approximately 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) away from Xiangyang, Hubei, People's Republic of China.	Longzhong	People's Republic of China
country	National Yang-Ming University (NYMU; Chinese: 國立陽明大學) is a research university located in Shipai, Beitou District, Taipei, Taiwan.	National Yang-Ming University	Taiwan
country	Waldau Army Airfield is a former military airfield, located 4.0 km south of Kassel in Hesse, Germany.	Waldau Army Airfield	Germany
country	Gowganda/Gowganda Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CPL6), was located on Gowganda Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Gowganda/Gowganda Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ranen (Hebrew: רנן‎, lit. Sing) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Ranen	Israel
country	Aberdeen Sports Ground (Chinese: 香港仔運動場) is a rugby union and football sports ground situated at 108 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong.	Aberdeen Sports Ground	Hong Kong
country	Pannonhalma (German: Martinsberg, Slovak: Rábsky Svätý Martin) is a town in western Hungary, in Győr-Moson-Sopron county with approximately 4,000 inhabitants.	Pannonhalma	Hungary
country	The Montemar Institute of Marine Biology (Spanish: Estación de Biología Marina de Montemar) is a modern building in Viña del Mar, Valparaíso Region, Chile.	Montemar Institute of Marine Biology	Chile
country	La Rampa (also known as Calle 23, or 23rd Street) is a street in the Vedado district of Havana, Cuba.	La Rampa	Cuba
country	Korday or Kordoy (Kazakh: Қордай (qu̯ʊrdɑ́j), Kyrgyz: Кордой) is a village in Jambyl Region of Kazakhstan, and the administrative center of that region's Korday District.	Korday	Kazakhstan
country	Kangirsuk Airport (IATA: YKG, ICAO: CYAS) is located 0.5 nautical miles (0.93 km; 0.58 mi) east of Kangirsuk, Quebec, Canada.	Kangirsuk Airport	Canada
country	Nangkor Gewog (Dzongkha: ནང་སྐོར་) is a gewog (village block) of Zhemgang District, Bhutan.	Nangkor Gewog	Bhutan
country	Stok Lacki-Folwark (ˈstɔk ˈlat͡ski ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stok Lacki-Folwark	Poland
country	The First Valls Government was the thirty-seventh Government of France.	First Valls Government	France
country	Mratinci (Cyrillic: Мратинци) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mratinci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Union of Democrats for Europe (Italian: Unione Democratici per l'Europa, UDEUR), whose latest official name has been UDEUR Populars (Popolari UDEUR), was a centrist and Christian-democratic political party in Italy.	Union of Democrats for Europe	Italy
country	The Chone River is a river of Ecuador situated in the Manabí Province.	Chone River	Ecuador
country	Borkowszczyzna (bɔrkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Borkowszczyzna	Poland
country	Darshanemu (Persian: درش نمو‎, also Romanized as Darshanemū; also known as Darshalīmū) is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darshanemu	Iran
country	Zayachy Island (Russian Заячий остров, transliteration zayachy ostrov, also known as Hare Island) is an island in the Neva River in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Zayachy Island	Russia
country	Belconnen Town Centre is located in the suburb of Belconnen on the south-western shore of Lake Ginninderra in Canberra, Australia.	Belconnen Town Centre	Australia
country	Ballinrobe (Irish: Baile an Róba, meaning ``town of the (river) Robe'') is a town in County Mayo in Ireland.	Ballinrobe	Ireland
country	The Swedish grid (in Swedish Rikets Nät, RT 90) is the coordinate system used for government maps in Sweden.	Swedish grid	Sweden
country	Saint-Parize-le-Châtel is a commune in the Nièvre département in central France.	Saint-Parize-le-Châtel	France
country	The Conch Bar Caves, located on Middle Caicos, is the largest above-ground cave system in the Bahamas-Turks and Caicos Islands archipelago.	Conch Bar Caves	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	Port Harcourt City Airport (IATA: PHG ) is a military airport serving Port Harcourt NAF Base in Nigeria.	Port Harcourt City Airport	Nigeria
country	Monte Dinero (literally, ``Mount Money'') is a town on the southeastern tip of Patagonia, in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina.	Monte Dinero	Argentina
country	Ivarstown (Irish: Baile an hÍomhar) is a small village in County Clare, Munster in Ireland.	Ivarstown	Ireland
country	RAAF Base Nabiac was an advanced operating base for the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), during the Second World War, near Nabiac, New South Wales, Australia.	RAAF Base Nabiac	Australia
country	The Seguwantivu and Vidatamunai Wind Farms are two legally separate wind farms built together by Seguwantivu Wind Power and Vidatamunai Wind Power, on the south-east shore of the Puttalam Lagoon, in Puttalam, Sri Lanka.	Seguwantivu and Vidatamunai Wind Farms	Sri Lanka
country	The Seuil de Naurouze, or Col de Naurouze, is the highest point (190 m above sea level) of the Canal du Midi in southern France.	Seuil de Naurouze	France
country	Chwaliszów (xfaˈliʂuf) (German: Quolsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Bogaczowice, within Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chwaliszów	Poland
country	Láchar is a municipality in the province of Granada, in Spain.	Láchar	Spain
country	Gornja Močila (Serbian: Горња Мочила) is a village in the municipality of Brod, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornja Močila	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Črnivec Pass (Slovene: prelaz Črnivec), usually just Črnivec, is a mountain pass in the Kamnik Alps that connects the traditional regions of Upper Carniola and Styria in Slovenia.	Črnivec Pass	Slovenia
country	Rogiedle (rɔˈɡʲɛdlɛ) (German: Regerteln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rogiedle	Poland
country	Kolkata Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency) (earlier known as Calcutta South Lok Sabha constituency) (Bengali: কলকাতা দক্ষিন লোকসভা কেন্দ্র) is one of the 543 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in India.	Kolkata Dakshin (Lok Sabha constituency)	India
country	Chortitza Colony was a settlement of German-speaking Mennonites northwest of Khortytsia Island and is now part of Zaporizhia, Ukraine.	Chortitza Colony	Ukraine
country	Lugoj (Romanian pronunciation: (luˈɡoʒ)) is a city in Timiș County, Banat, western Romania.	Lugoj	Romania
country	The Town Belt is a green belt which surrounds the centre of the New Zealand city of Dunedin.	Town Belt	New Zealand
country	Krstače (Serbian Cyrillic: Крстаче) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Krstače	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Nestor Falls/Sabaskong Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CKW3), is located on Sabaskong Bay near Nestor Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Nestor Falls/Sabaskong Bay Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Banda Daudshah Tehsil (Pashto: بانډه داود شاه‎) or Banda Daud Shah, colloquially known as Bonda, is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Kohat District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Banda Daudshah Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Monte Retaia (768 m) is one of the highest mountains of the Calvana mountain range in Tuscany, Italy.	Monte Retaia	Italy
country	Le Vampire (English: The Vampire) is an inverted roller coaster at La Ronde amusement park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, designed by the Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard (B&M).	Le Vampire	Canada
country	Trausdorf Airport (ICAO: LOAT) is a public use airport located 1 km south of Trausdorf an der Wulka, Burgenland, Austria.	Trausdorf Airport	Austria
country	Talkhi (Persian: تلخي‎, also Romanized as Talkhī) is a village in Zaveh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Talkhi	Iran
country	Kashirskoye Highway or Kashira Highway (Russian: Каширское шоссе, Kashirskoye Shosse) is a major street in Moscow, Russia, continued as a highway beyond the city into Moscow Oblast as a backup route for highway M4.	Kashira Highway	Russia
country	Połupin (pɔˈwupin) (formerly German Rusdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbie, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Połupin	Poland
country	Əşlə (also, Əshlə, Eshlya, and Eşlə) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əşlə	Azerbaijan
country	The Jonglei Canal is a project that has been proposed, started but never completed to divert water through the vast Sudd wetlands of South Sudan so as to deliver more water downstream to Sudan and Egypt for use in agriculture.	Jonglei Canal	South Sudan
country	Manínska Gorge (in Slovak, Manínska tiesňava) is a national nature reserve, and the narrowest canyon in Slovakia.	Manínska Gorge	Slovakia
country	The Musée Clemenceau is a house museum located in the 16th arrondissement at 8, rue Benjamin Franklin, Paris, France.	Musée Clemenceau	France
country	Zimbor (Hungarian: Magyarzsombor) is a commune located in Sălaj County, Romania.	Zimbor	Romania
country	Kolenko (kɔˈlɛnkɔ) (German: Klein Köllen; 1928-1945:Bergenthal) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kolenko	Poland
country	The Novo-Konyushenny Bridge (Russian: Ново-Конюшенный мост, literally New Stables Bridge) is a bridge across the Griboedov Canal in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Novo-Konyushenny Bridge	Russia
country	Urmia Airport (Persian: فرودگاه اروميه‎‎ -- Forūdgāh-e Ūromīyeh) (IATA: OMH, ICAO: OITR) is an airport serving the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Urmia Airport	Iran
country	In 1992, Manzhouli became one of the first land border cities opened up by the People's Republic of China.	Manzhouli	People's Republic of China
country	Tophouse, also known as Tophouse Settlement, is a rural locality in the Tasman District of New Zealand's South Island, some 8 km northeast of Saint Arnaud.	Tophouse	New Zealand
country	Bərğov (also, Bərqov) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bərğov	Azerbaijan
country	Buir Lake (Mongolian: Буйр нуур; Chinese: 贝尔湖; pinyin: Bèi'ěr Hú) is a freshwater lake that straddles the border between Mongolia and China.	Buir Lake	Mongolia
country	Beale Cottage is situated on the corner of Beale and Grey street in Hamilton, New Zealand.	Beale Cottage	New Zealand
country	Stare Leszczyny (ˈstarɛ lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stare Leszczyny	Poland
country	GO Transit is a regional public transit system in Southern Ontario, Canada, serving the Golden Horseshoe region.	GO Transit	Canada
country	Gauthiot Falls is a waterfall and natural wonder in Chad.	Gauthiot Falls	Chad
country	Arviat Airport, (IATA: YEK, ICAO: CYEK), is located at Arviat, Nunavut, Canada, and is operated by the government of Nunavut.	Arviat Airport	Canada
country	Hospital Militar de San Carlos is a hospital located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Hospital Militar de San Carlos	Spain
country	Motława (German: Mottlau) is a river in Eastern Pomerania in Poland.	Motława	Poland
country	Cheongju International Airport (Hangul: 청주국제공항; Hanja: 淸州國際空港; Revised Romanization: Cheongju Gukje Gonghang; McCune-Reischauer: Ch'ŏngju Kukche Konghang) (IATA: CJJ, ICAO: RKTU) is an international airport in Cheongwon-gu, South Korea.	Cheongju International Airport	South Korea
country	The Birmingham Assay Office, one of the four assay offices in the United Kingdom, is located in the Jewellery Quarter, Birmingham.	Birmingham Assay Office	United Kingdom
country	Mulobezi is a small town in the Western Province,of Zambia, and the centre of its timber industry.	Mulobezi	Zambia
country	Cittadellarte is an art and creativity laboratory founded in 1998 by the artist Michelangelo Pistoletto in a disused textile mill by the river Cervo in Biella, Italy.	Cittadellarte	Italy
country	Muong Liep is a small river town in Sainyabuli Province, Laos.	Muong Liep	Laos
country	Al Futaisi (Arabic: الفطيسي‎) is an island about eight kilometres southwest of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates with a size of approximately 50-square-kilometre (12,000-acre).	Al Futaisi	United Arab Emirates
country	Nosrat Kola (Persian: نصرت كلا‎, also Romanized as Noşrat Kolā; also known as Neşrā Kolā) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nosrat Kola	Iran
country	Ningcheng County (Mongolian: ᠨᠢᠩᠴᠧᠩ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Niŋčėŋ siyan; simplified Chinese: 宁城县; traditional Chinese: 寧城縣; pinyin: Níngchéng Xiàn) is a county of southeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, bordering Liaoning province to the east.	Ningcheng County	People's Republic of China
country	Houx is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France, located 79 km from Paris and 20 km from Chartres.	Houx	France
country	Hellerud was a borough of the city of Oslo, Norway up to January 1, 2004, when it became part of the new borough of Alna.	Hellerud	Norway
country	Dafnonas (Greek: Δαφνώνας) is a settlement in the municipality Xanthi in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Dafnonas	Greece
country	Gumla (Hindi: गुमला) is a city which is the headquarters of Gumla district in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Gumla	India
country	Henichesk (Ukrainian: Гені́чеськ, translit. Heniches’k) is a port city along the Sea of Azov in the Kherson Oblast (province) of southern Ukraine.	Henichesk	Ukraine
country	The Department of Canadian Heritage, or simply Canadian Heritage (French: Patrimoine canadien), is the department of the Government of Canada with responsibility for policies and programs regarding the arts, culture, media, communications networks, official languages (including La Francophonie), status of women, sports, and multiculturalism.	Department of Canadian Heritage	Canada
country	Poncosari is a coastal village on the Indian Ocean in Java, Indonesia.	Poncosari	Indonesia
country	Maella (Spanish: (maˈeʎa); Catalan: (məˈeʎə), locally: (maˈeʎa)) is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.	Maella	Spain
country	Calimera (Καλημέρα, ``good morning'' in both Greek and Griko) is a small town of 7,296 inhabitants in the Grecìa Salentina area of the Salento peninsula in Italy, located between Gallipoli and Otranto.	Calimera	Italy
country	Tsovasar (Armenian: Ծովասար, also Romanized as T’azagyugh and Tazagyukh; formerly, Tazakend) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Tsovasar	Armenia
country	Hostynne (xɔsˈtɨnnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Hostynne	Poland
country	Polonne (Ukrainian: Полонне) is a city on the Khomora River in the Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Polonne	Ukraine
country	Pourangahau / Mount Robert is a 1,421m high mountain in the Nelson area of New Zealand's South Island.	Mount Robert	New Zealand
country	The Harmas de Fabre, also known as the Musée Harmas Jean-Henri Fabre, is a museum, botanical garden, and herbarium located on the Route d'Orange, Sérignan-du-Comtat, Vaucluse, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Harmas de Fabre	France
country	Ålesund Airport, Vigra (Norwegian: Ålesund lufthavn, Vigra, IATA: AES, ICAO: ENAL) is an international airport serving the town of Ålesund, Norway.	Ålesund Airport, Vigra	Norway
country	In the People's Republic of China, the Chengbao system (Chinese: 承包; pinyin: Chéngbāo) refers to the private or individual contracted operation of public assets such as bus lines, hospitals, and schools.	Chengbao system	People's Republic of China
country	Established in 1960, The Anne & Max Tanenbaum Community Hebrew Academy of Toronto (Hebrew: האקדמיה העברית ע``ש טננבאום), or ''TanenbaumCHAT``, is a private Jewish high school which is located on two campuses in Toronto, Canada.	Tanenbaum Community Hebrew Academy of Toronto	Canada
country	Torstad Chapel (Norwegian: Torstad kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Torstad Chapel	Norway
country	Rzeczenica (ʐɛt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa) (German Stegers) is a village in Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rzeczenica	Poland
country	The Northern Territory Rugby Union, or NTRU, is the governing body for the sport of rugby union within the Northern Territory in Australia.	Northern Territory Rugby Union	Australia
country	Abbot's Hill School is an independent day school for girls aged 4--16 years and a nursery and pre-school for girls and boys from 6 months in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom.	Abbot's Hill School	United Kingdom
country	La Cepeda is an ancient historical region in the landlocked Province of León, Spain.	La Cepeda	Spain
country	Rietz-Neuendorf is a municipality in the Oder-Spree district, in Brandenburg, Germany Nearby are the Dubrower Berge a range of wooded hills popular with hikers and cyclists.	Rietz-Neuendorf	Germany
country	Žlebe (pronounced (ˈʒleːbɛ) or (ʒlɛˈbeː); locally also Sveta Marjeta, German: Schlebe) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žlebe	Slovenia
country	Plussulien (Breton: Plusulian) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plussulien	France
country	The Mono River is the major river of eastern Togo.	Mono River	Togo
country	Windorah is one of three towns in the Barcoo and a locality in Central West Queensland, Australia.	Windorah	Australia
country	Seoul National University Hospital (서울대학교병원) is one of the oldest and biggest hospitals in South Korea.	Seoul National University Hospital	South Korea
country	The Calgary Junior Hockey League is a Junior ``B'' ice hockey league based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary Junior Hockey League	Canada
country	Santa Victoria Oeste is a municipality and head of the Santa Victoria Department, at the northwest corner of the province of Salta, Argentina, between mountains and valleys on the border with the Republic of Bolivia, 540 km from the city of Salta.	Santa Victoria Oeste	Argentina
country	Aithikes (Greek: Αίθηκες) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Aithikes	Greece
country	John Murray Island is an uninhabited island in the Lincoln Sea, Greenland to the west of Sverdrup Island.	John Murray Island	Greenland
country	Xol Qarabucaq (also, Xolqarabucaq and Kholkarabudzhak) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xol Qarabucaq	Azerbaijan
country	The Libertador General San Martín Bridge is a cantilever road bridge that crosses the Uruguay River and joins Argentina and Uruguay.	Libertador General San Martín Bridge	Argentina
country	Slaba Gorica (pronounced (ˈslaːba ˈɡoːɾitsa); German: Schlechtbüchel) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Slaba Gorica	Slovenia
country	Malgobek (Russian: Малгобе́к; Ingush: Магӏалбике) is a town in the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia, located 45 kilometers (28 mi) northwest of the republic's capital of Magas.	Malgobek	Russia
country	Montefino is a small town and predominantly rural comune of the province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of eastern Italy.	Montefino	Italy
country	Atlacomulco is a city and municipality located in the northwest of the State of Mexico in central Mexico, 63 km from the state capital of Toluca.	Atlacomulco	Mexico
country	Gonbadi (Persian: گنبدي‎, also Romanized as Gonbadī) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gonbadi	Iran
country	Skovsbo Castle is a manor house located 6 km south-west of Kerteminde, on Funen, Denmark.	Skovsbo Castle	Denmark
country	Křečovice is a village in the Czech Republic famous as the birthplace of Czech Composer Josef Suk.	Křečovice	Czech Republic
country	Busan Foreign School (or BFS) is an international school located in Busan, South Korea.	Busan Foreign School	South Korea
country	Tlatlaya is a small town and municipality located in the southeast of the State of Mexico in Mexico.	Tlatlaya	Mexico
country	Grimm 31 was a Hamburg merchant's house on the island of Grimm in the center of Hamburg, Germany.	Grimm 31	Germany
country	Naujoji Vilnia (Polish: Nowa Wilejka) is a neighborhood in eastern Vilnius, Lithuania situated along the banks of the Vilnia River.	Naujoji Vilnia	Lithuania
country	The Autovía A-56 is a proposed highway in north western Spain.	Autovía A-56	Spain
country	Skåde is a neighbourhood of Højbjerg, a southern district of Aarhus in Denmark.	Skåde	Denmark
country	Ujście Warty Landscape Park, also, Warta River Mouth Landscape Park, (Polish: Park Krajobrazowy Ujście Warty) is a protected area (a Landscape Park) in western Poland, along the lower stretches of the Warta river as it approaches its confluence with the Odra (Oder).	Ujście Warty Landscape Park	Poland
country	Schloss Ebenrain (German pronunciation: (ˈʃlɔs ˈeːbənˌʁaɪn)) is a former country residence in Sissach, in the canton of Basel-Country, Switzerland.	Schloss Ebenrain	Switzerland
country	Landemærket, literally ``The Landmark'', is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Landemærket	Denmark
country	Skien Isstadion is an outdoors ice skating rink with artificial ice in Skien, Norway.	Skien Isstadion	Norway
country	Hend Khaleh (Persian: هندخاله‎, also Romanized as Hend Khāleh; also known as Hendeh Khāleh, Hendūkhāleh, Hind Khāleh, and Khind-Khale) is a village in Hend Khaleh Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hend Khaleh	Iran
country	Point Hyllie is a project currently under construction in Malmö, Sweden.	Point Hyllie	Sweden
country	Jach'a K'uchu (Aymara jach'a big, k'uchu, q'uch'u corner, ``big corner'', hispanicized spelling Jachacucho) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Jach'a K'uchu	Peru
country	Bloody Creek crater, which is also known as the Bloody Creek structure, is a 420-by-350-meter (1,380 by 1,150 ft) in diameter elliptical feature that is located in southwestern Nova Scotia, Canada.	Bloody Creek crater	Canada
country	Jostedøla (or Jostedalselva) is a river which runs through the Jostedalen valley in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Jostedøla	Norway
country	Kremná is a village and municipality in Stará Ľubovňa Districtin the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.	Kremná	Slovakia
country	Fällkniven AB, is a Sweden-based manufacturer of knives and knife-related gear and apparel.	Fällkniven	Sweden
country	Mount Alveria is a mountain located in the Province of Siracusa, south-eastern Sicily, Italy.	Mount Alveria	Italy
country	Antsokiyana Gemza (``Antsokiya and Gemza'') is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Antsokiyana Gemza	Ethiopia
country	Wadi International University (Arabic: جامعة الوادي الدولية الخاصة‎), commonly referred to as the German Syrian University, is a private, internationally oriented university, located in Wadi al-Nasara in Syria.	Wadi International University	Syria
country	Malibongwe Drive (formerly Hans Strijdom Drive (Afrikaans: Hans Strijdom-rylaan)) is a major road that runs through an industrial area in the northwest of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Malibongwe Drive	South Africa
country	Yalta Hotel Complex (Russian: Гостиничный комплекс ``Ялта-Интурист'') is a hotel in Yalta (Crimea, Ukraine, set in Massandra park on the Black Sea coast. It is one of the major tourist centers in Ukraine.	Yalta Hotel Complex	Ukraine
country	Mowtowr-e Hajji Yar Mohammad (Persian: موتورحاجي يارمحمد‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Yār Moḩammad) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Yar Mohammad	Iran
country	Krepšić (Serbian: Крепшић) is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Krepšić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gorenja Vas pri Šmarjeti (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ʃmaˈɾjeːti); Slovene: Gorenja vas pri Šmarjeti, German: Oberdorf) is a village immediately west of Šmarjeta in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenja Vas pri Šmarjeti	Slovenia
country	Moyasta (Irish: Maigh Sheasta, meaning ``plain of Asta'') is a hamlet in County Clare, Ireland, situated between Kilkee and Kilrush on the N67.	Moyasta	Ireland
country	The Palo Verde National Park, in Spanish Parque Nacional Palo Verde is a National Park of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, that contains much of the area of the valley of the Tempisque River and covers an area of 45,492 acres in Guanacaste Province, 30 km west of Canas.	Palo Verde National Park	Costa Rica
country	Bisfi is a mandal in the Madhubani district of Bihar, India.	Bisfi	India
country	Tim Ho Wan (Chinese: 添好運) is a Chinese dimsum restaurant chain that originated in Hong Kong.	Tim Ho Wan	Hong Kong
country	Kwiatuszki Wielkie (kfjaˈtuʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Gross Blumenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kwiatuszki Wielkie	Poland
country	Chajul, Nebaj, and Cotzal make up the Ixil Region in the Department of Quiché in the Western Highlands of Guatemala.	Chajul	Guatemala
country	Jons Kapel (``John's Chapel'') is a rock bluff in Denmark on Bornholm's west coast, about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Hasle.	Jons Kapel	Denmark
country	Edessa Province was one of the three provinces of Pella Prefecture of Greece.	Edessa Province	Greece
country	Treneglos (Cornish: Treneglos) is a hamlet and a civil parish in north-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treneglos	United Kingdom
country	The Metro Del Paso was planned station of Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro.	Metro Del Paso	Mexico
country	Caboface or Camara Boliviana de Fabricantes de Cerveza is a Bolivian trade camera dedicated to organizing Bolivia's beer manufacturers.	Caboface	Bolivia
country	Visolaje (Hungarian: Viszolaj) is a village and municipality in Púchov District, Trenčín Region of Slovakia.	Visolaje	Slovakia
country	The Tua line was a metre gauge railway line in northern Portugal.	Tua line	Portugal
country	Oco (Basque: Oko) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Oco	Spain
country	The Wild Wadi Water Park is an outdoor water park in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Wild Wadi Water Park	United Arab Emirates
country	Tolombeh-ye Sarhang (Persian: تلمبه سرهنگ‎; also known as Tolombeh-ye Sarhang Qāsem-e Ebrāhīmī) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Sarhang	Iran
country	Bilene Airport (ICAO: FQBI) is an airport that serves the town of Bilene, Mozambique.	Bilene Airport	Mozambique
country	Bou-Hedma National Park is located in both the Gafsa Governorate and Sidi Bouzid Governorate in Tunisia.	Bou-Hedma National Park	Tunisia
country	Biksti Parish (Latvian: Bikstu pagasts) is an administrative unit of Dobele Municipality, Latvia.	Biksti Parish	Latvia
country	Sagarejo (Georgian: საგარეჯო) is a town in Kakheti, Georgia.	Sagarejo	Georgia
country	Hondlon District (Mongolian: ᠬᠥᠨᠳᠡᠯᠡᠨ ᠲᠣᠭᠣᠷᠢᠭ Köndelen toɣoriɣ; simplified Chinese: 昆都仑区; traditional Chinese: 昆都侖區; pinyin: Kūndūlún Qū) is a district of Baotou, the largest city of Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Hondlon District	People's Republic of China
country	Seitajärvi (seita: a Sami sacred place + järvi: lake) was a community located in the Savukoski municipality of Finland.	Seitajärvi	Finland
country	Llust'a K'uchu (Aymara llust'a slippery, k'uchu, q'uch'u corner, ``slippery corner'', hispaniczed spelling Yustacucho) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Llust'a K'uchu	Peru
country	Najm-e Divan (Persian: نجم ديوان‎, also Romanized as Najm-e Dīvān; also known as Baḩrīyeh (Persian: بحريه) and Baḩrīyeh-ye Najm-e Dīvān) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Najm-e Divan	Iran
country	The Warsaw University of Technology (Polish: Politechnika Warszawska; literally, ``Warsaw Polytechnic'') is one of the leading institutes of technology in Poland, and one of the largest in Central Europe.	Warsaw University of Technology	Poland
country	Georgetown City Hall is a nineteenth-century Gothic Revival building located on the corner of Regent Street and Avenue of the Republic in Georgetown, Guyana.	Georgetown City Hall	Guyana
country	The Boyabat Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Kızılırmak River bordering Sinop and Samsun Provinces, Turkey.	Boyabat Dam	Turkey
country	Gitega Airport (IATA: GID, ICAO: HBBE) is an airport serving the city of Gitega, Burundi.	Gitega Airport	Burundi
country	Tambohorano is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) on the west coast of Madagascar approximately 290 kilometres north-west of the capital Antananarivo..	Tambohorano	Madagascar
country	Kvanhovden Lighthouse (Norwegian: Kvanhovden fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Kvanhovden Lighthouse	Norway
country	Bal Daghi (Persian: بال داغي‎, also Romanized as Bāl Dāghī) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bal Daghi	Iran
country	Hejnum Church (Swedish: Hejnums kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby (Sweden).	Hejnum Church	Sweden
country	Palamós (Catalan pronunciation: (pəɫəˈmos)) is a town and municipality in the Mediterranean Costa Brava, located in the comarca of Baix Empordà, in the province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Palamós	Spain
country	Salvatierra Castle is a fortification near Calzada de Calatrava in the south of the province of Ciudad Real, Castilla-La Mancha in Spain.	Salvatierra Castle	Spain
country	Ab Pakhsh (Persian: آب پخش‎, also Romanized as Āb Pakhsh) is a city in and the capital of Ab Pakhsh District, in Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ab Pakhsh	Iran
country	The Altınkaya Dam is a rock-fill dam for irrigation and hydro power purposes, located on the River Kızılırmak, 23 km south of Bafra and 35 km west of Samsun in northern Turkey.	Altınkaya Dam	Turkey
country	Monte Alpi with its twin peaks Pizzo Falcone (1.900 m) and S. Croce (1.893 m) is a mountain of Basilicata, Italy.	Monte Alpi	Italy
country	The Château de Dietrich is a château in the commune of Reichshoffen, Bas-Rhin, Alsace, France.	Château de Dietrich	France
country	Bhakoki (Urdu: بھکوکی‎) is a village situated in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Bhakoki	Pakistan
country	Västernorrland County (Västernorrlands län) is a county (län) in the north of Sweden.	Västernorrland County	Sweden
country	Bergen Cathedral School (Norwegian: Bergen Katedralskole, Latin: Schola Cathedralis Bergensis, formerly known as Bergens lærdeskole and Bergen latinskole and colloquially known as Katten) is an upper secondary school in Bergen, Norway.	Bergen Cathedral School	Norway
country	Katerini (Greek: Κατερίνη, (kate'ɾini)) is a town in Central Macedonia, Greece, the capital of Pieria regional unit.	Katerini	Greece
country	Kocasinan is a metropolitan district of the city of Kayseri in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Kocasinan	Turkey
country	The Guaranteed Pure Milk bottle is a landmark water tower in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located at 1025 Lucien L'Allier Street.	Guaranteed Pure Milk bottle	Canada
country	Şordəhnə (also, Shordekhna and Shordekhne) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şordəhnə	Azerbaijan
country	Ernst Grube Stadium (German: Ernst-Grube-Stadion) was a multi-use stadium in Magdeburg, Germany.	Ernst Grube Stadium	Germany
country	Bouguenais (Breton: Kervegon) is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France near Nantes.	Bouguenais	France
country	Ežerėlis ( pronunciation ; literally: little lake) is a city in Kaunas County, Lithuania.	Ežerėlis	Lithuania
country	Iñuma (Aymara, hispanicized spelling Inuma) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,675 metres (18,619 ft) high.	Iñuma	Peru
country	HMAS Stirling (ICAO: YGAD) is the Royal Australian Navy's primary base on the west coast (Fleet Base West) of Australia.	HMAS Stirling	Australia
country	Based on the United Kingdom 2001 census, Falkirk council reported the population of Maddiston as being 2,952 residents, a 40% rise since 1991.	Maddiston	United Kingdom
country	The Maremmana is a breed of cattle reared in the Maremma, a former marshland region in southern Tuscany and northern Lazio in central Italy.	Maremmana	Italy
country	Tskhouk-Karckar or Qarqar is a group of pyroclastic cones which is located in the central part of the Siunik volcanic ridge at the border of Armenia and Azerbaijan 60 km SE of Lake Sevan.	Tskhouk-Karckar	Armenia	Azerbaijan
country	Waithali (Burmese: ဝေသာလီမြို့, pronounced: (wèθàlì mjo̰)), located in today's northern Rakhine State, Myanmar, was the capital of the Waithali Kingdom from 788 to 1018.	Waithali	Myanmar
country	Instituto Potosino de Investigación Científica y Tecnológica, A.C. (IPICyT, and in English: San Luis Potosí Institute of Scientific Research and Technology) is one of 26 Public Research Centers in Mexico, funded by CONACyT.	Instituto Potosino de Investigación Científica y Tecnológica	Mexico
country	The Cévennes (Occitan: Cevenas) are a range of mountains in south-central France, covering parts of the départements of Ardèche, Gard, Hérault and Lozère.	Cévennes	France
country	71 Nyhavn is a hotel based in two converted warehouses on the corner of the Nyhavn Canal and the main harbourfront of Copenhagen, Denmark.	71 Nyhavn	Denmark
country	The Italian Liberal Party (Italian: Partito Liberale Italiano, PLI) was a liberal and conservative political party in Italy.	Italian Liberal Party	Italy
country	Welenchiti (also transliterated Wolenchite and Aualancheti) is a town in east-central Ethiopia.	Welenchiti	Ethiopia
country	The town of Motueka in the South Island of New Zealand lies close to the mouth of the Motueka River, on the western shore of Tasman Bay.	Motueka	New Zealand
country	Njiverce (pronounced (ˈnjiːʋɛɾtsɛ)) is a settlement next to Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Njiverce	Slovenia
country	The Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon (Russian: Лагуна Нэскэнпильгын) is a shallow coastal lake in the Chukchi Sea at the northern shore of the Chukotka Peninsula, Russia.	Neskynpil'gyn Lagoon	Russia
country	Toijala is a former town and municipality of Finland, located some 40 kilometres (25 mi) south of Tampere.	Toijala	Finland
country	The Peterborough Centre, the former Teachers' College Building, is located on the corner of Peterborough and Montreal Streets in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Peterborough Centre	New Zealand
country	South32 is a base metal and coal mining company based in Perth, Western Australia.	South32	Australia
country	Barrington Brown Falls is a waterfall on the Corentyne River, Guyana, approximately 250 km south of Orealla.	Barrington Brown Falls	Guyana
country	Motycz-Józefin (ˈmɔtɨt͡ʂ juˈzɛfin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Motycz-Józefin	Poland
country	The headquarters of The Institution of Engineers of Ireland is at 22 Clyde Road.	Clyde Road	Ireland
country	Mount Salak (Indonesian: Gunung Salak, Sundanese: Gunung Salak) is an eroded volcano in West Java, Indonesia.	Mount Salak	Indonesia
country	The Elephant House is a house at 77 Yarmouth Road in the Christie Pits neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada that has a life-size plaster mammoth sculpture in the front yard.	The Elephant House	Canada
country	Pšenična Polica (pronounced (pʃɛˈniːtʃna pɔˈliːtsa); German: Niederfeld) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Pšenična Polica	Slovenia
country	Ab Pakhshan (Persian: اب پخشان‎, also Romanized as Āb Pakhshān; also known as Āb Pakhshūn) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Pakhshan	Iran
country	Bondyrz (ˈbɔndɨʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bondyrz	Poland
country	Sajid Island is one of the Farasan Islands in Saudi Arabia, located in the Red Sea near 16°46′21``N 41°58′0''E. Its area is 156.0 km² and shoreline is 82.7 km.	Sajid Island	Saudi Arabia
country	Acatenango is a stratovolcano in Guatemala, close to the city of Antigua.	Acatenango	Guatemala
country	Kandhkot (Urdu: كندھ كوٹ‎), (Sindhi: کنڌھ کوٽ) is a city and tehsil in Kashmor District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Kandhkot	Pakistan
country	Point Hicks or Tolywiarar (formerly called Cape Everard), is a coastal headland in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia, located within the Croajingolong National Park.	Point Hicks	Australia
country	Peleduy (Russian: Пеледуй; Yakut: Пеледуй) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Lensky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 199 kilometers (124 mi) from Lensk, the administrative center of the district, on the left bank of the Lena River.	Peleduy	Russia
country	Stokenchurch is one of the main places in the United Kingdom where one can frequently see the red kite, a formerly endangered species whose numbers are now recovering well, though still in isolated pockets such as the Chilterns and West Wales.	Stokenchurch	United Kingdom
country	Little Lake Lićenat or Lake Drelaj (Albanian: Liqeni i Drelajve or Leqinati i vogël; Serbian: Jezero Mali Lićenat, Језеро Мали Лићенат) is a small lake found on Mount Leqinat that reaches an elevation of 2,341 m (7,680 ft) in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo, near the border with Montenegro.	Little Lake Lićenat	Kosovo
country	Tomtabacken is a hill in the province of Småland, Sweden.	Tomtabacken	Sweden
country	The Dymaean Wall (Greek: Τείχος Δυμαίων) or Kalogria Castle is a prehistoric acropolis in western Achaea, Greece.	Dymaean Wall	Greece
country	Skalbmierz (ˈskalbmʲɛʂ) is a town in south eastern Poland, in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in Kazimierza County.	Skalbmierz	Poland
country	Jarral Shareef (Hindko: جرناں) is one of the 57 Union council of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Jarral Shareef	Pakistan
country	Cotton Ground is a town on the island of Nevis in Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Cotton Ground	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	The Château d'If is a fortress (later a prison) located on the island of If, the smallest island in the Frioul archipelago situated in the Mediterranean Sea about a mile offshore in the Bay of Marseille in southeastern France.	Château d'If	France
country	Cape Lopatka (Russian: мыс Лопатка Mys Lopatka) is the southernmost point of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia, with the rural locality of Semenovka at its southernmost point.	Cape Lopatka	Russia
country	Pic de Nore transmitter is a facility for FM/TV transmission situated on the mountain of same name at 43°25'29``N 2°27'47''E, in the Montagne Noire, on the border of the Aude and Tarn departments, near to the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc in southern France.	Pic de Nore transmitter	France
country	The Banja Luka Stock Exchange or BLSE (Serbian Cyrillic: Бањалучка берза, Serbian Latin: Banjalučka berza) is a stock exchange which operates in the city of Banja Luka in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Banja Luka Stock Exchange	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Schloss Bothmer is a Baroque palatial manor house ensemble in northern Germany.	Schloss Bothmer	Germany
country	ABC Western Victoria (call sign: 3WV) is an ABC Local Radio station in the Wimmera region of Victoria, Australia.	ABC Western Victoria	Australia
country	San Julian Bay is a curved bay in Argentina, next to the city of San Julián.	San Julian Bay	Argentina
country	Hrvaški Brod (pronounced (xəɾˈʋaːʃki ˈbɾoːt)) is a village on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Hrvaški Brod	Slovenia
country	Strathcona Township is a geographic township comprising a portion of the municipality of Temagami in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Strathcona Township	Canada
country	Melløs Stadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Melløs borough in Moss, Norway.	Melløs Stadion	Norway
country	The Kipoi Mine is a copper mine in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo with an inferred 306,000 tonnes of copper in high-grade ore.	Kipoi Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Ingombota is one of the six urban districts that make up the municipality of Luanda, in the province of Luanda, the capital city of Angola.	Ingombota	Angola
country	Radowo Małe (raˈdɔvɔ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Raddow) is a village in Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Radowo Małe	Poland
country	Together with Lycée Henri-IV, Lycée Louis-le-Grand, Lycée Stanislas and Lycée Sainte-Geneviève, the Lycée Hoche is one of the most prestigious schools in France for undergraduate education.	Lycée Hoche	France
country	Dubai Investment Park is a mixed used development project in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Investment Park	United Arab Emirates
country	Veliki Trn (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki ˈtəɾn); German: Großdorn) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Veliki Trn	Slovenia
country	Museum van Deinze en de Leiestreek (Dutch for 'Museum of Deinze and the Leie region') is a museum of fine arts and folklore located in the city of Deinze, Belgium.	Museum van Deinze en de Leiestreek	Belgium
country	Abongoua (also spelled Abengoua) is a town in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Abongoua	Ivory Coast
country	Podgračeno (pronounced (pɔdɡɾaˈtʃeːnɔ)) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Podgračeno	Slovenia
country	Greven (German pronunciation: (ˈɡʁeːvən)) is a medium-sized town in the district of Steinfurt, in Germany's most populous state of North Rhine-Westphalia and close to the city of Münster.	Greven	Germany
country	Influencers Church is a multi-campus Australian Christian Church, with its main campus located in Paradise, South Australia, and a campus in Atlanta, Georgia.	Influencers Church	Australia
country	Beyers Naudé Drive is a large arterial route in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Beyers Naudé Drive	South Africa
country	The Mosope River is a natural watercourse in Botswana, passing through the village of Moshupa.	Mosope River	Botswana
country	Sasisena Temple or Nimunhi Temple (Temple with no entrance and exit) is found in Sonepur city of Subarnapur district, Odisha, India.	Sasisena Temple	India
country	Derrinturn (Irish: Doire an tSoirn) is a village in County Kildare, Ireland.	Derrinturn	Ireland
country	Əxşam (also, Akhsham and Ekhshem) is a village in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əxşam	Azerbaijan
country	Gyulyovtsa (Bulgarian: Гюльовца) is a village in South- East Bulgaria, situated in Obshtina Nessebar, in the Burgas region.	Gyulyovtsa	Bulgaria
country	Konice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkoɲɪtsɛ); German: Konitz) is a town near Prostějov and Olomouc in the Czech Republic.	Konice	Czech Republic
country	The Bamboesberg is a mountain range in the Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Bamboesberg	South Africa
country	Scarlet Alliance is Australia's national peak sex worker organisation.	Scarlet Alliance	Australia
country	The XI Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region (Spanish: Región de Aysén or XI Región Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo), often shortened to Aysén Region or Aisén, is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions.	Aysén Region	Chile
country	Ahmadabad-e Sowlat (Persian: احمدابادصولت‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Şowlat; also known as Aḩmadābād, Aḩmadābād-e Pā’īn, and Ahmad Abad Pa’in) is a village in Dasht-e Jam Rural District, Bujgan District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Sowlat	Iran
country	Chuin (Persian: چوئين‎, also Romanized as Chū’īn; also known as Chāvīn, Chawīn, and Shāhīn) is a village in Kumasi Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chuin	Iran
country	Pękowiec (pɛnˈkɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pękowiec	Poland
country	The Abbott Government was the federal executive government of Australia led by Prime Minister Tony Abbott.	Abbott Government	Australia
country	The Amistad Dam Port of Entry is a port of entry into the United States from Mexico.	Amistad Dam Port of Entry	Mexico
country	In 1809, Nieuwleusen-born nobleman and politician Baron Willem Jan van Dedem started construction of the Dedemsvaart canal through northern Overijssel, meant to facilitate the transportation of peat, which was being dug on a large scale in this part of the Netherlands.	Nieuwleusen	Netherlands
country	Pasewalk (German pronunciation: (ˈpaːzəvalk)) is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in Germany.	Pasewalk	Germany
country	Panal (Persian: پانعل‎, also Romanized as 'Pāna``l; also known as Pā Na``l Jangal) is a village in Jangal Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 89, in 19 families.	Panal	Iran
country	Lake Nasser (Arabic: بحيرة ناصر‎ Boħēret Nāṣer, Egyptian Arabic: (boˈħeːɾet ˈnɑːsˤeɾ)) is a vast reservoir in southern Egypt and northern Sudan.	Lake Nasser	Egypt	Sudan
country	Virieu, also Virieu-sur-Broubre, is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.	Virieu	France
country	The Ceira River is a river in central Portugal arising out of the Serra do Açor.	Ceira River	Portugal
country	Glanegg (Slovene: Klanek ) is a town in the district of Feldkirchen in Carinthia in Austria.	Glanegg	Austria
country	Colonia Santa María Insurgentes is a colonia in the Cuauhtémoc borough north east of the Mexico City's historic center.	Colonia Santa María Insurgentes	Mexico
country	Belmullet or Béal an Mhuirthead (Irish for ``mouth of the Mullet (Peninsula)'') is a coastal Gaeltacht town with a population of around 1,000 on the Mullet Peninsula in the barony of Erris, County Mayo, Ireland.	Belmullet	Ireland
country	Tash Rabat is a well-preserved 15th century stone caravanserai in At Bashy district, Naryn Province, Kyrgyzstan located at the altitude of 3,200 meters.	Tash Rabat	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Stiftung Mater Dolorosa Berlin-Lankwitz (Mater Dolorosa Berlin-Lankwitz Foundation) is an independent nonprofit foundation under the civil law of Germany and Berlin based in Lankwitz in the borough Steglitz-Zehlendorf of Berlin.	Stiftung Mater Dolorosa Berlin-Lankwitz	Germany
country	Sardanga (Russian: Сарданга) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Bordonsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 42 kilometers (26 mi) from Suntar, the administrative center of the district.	Sardanga	Russia
country	Voljevci (Serbian Cyrillic: Вољевци) is a village in Serbia.	Voljevci	Serbia
country	Lieksa-Nurmes Airfield is an airfield in Lieksa, Finland, about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Nurmes town centre and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Lieksa town centre.	Lieksa-Nurmes Airfield	Finland
country	The Chunta mountain range (Aymara chunta prolonged, lengthened, Quechua chunta a kind of palm, hispanicized spelling Chonta) lies in the Huancavelica Region in the Andes of Peru.	Chunta mountain range	Peru
country	The Shire of Richmond is a local government area in north western Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Richmond	Australia
country	The Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) (Bengali: কলকাতা আন্তর্জাতিক চলচিত্র উত্সব ) is an annual film festival held in Kolkata, India.	Kolkata International Film Festival	India
country	Jurong West Central is a subzone of Jurong West, located in the West Region of Singapore.	Jurong West Central	Singapore
country	Teshig (Mongolian: Тэшиг) is a sum (district) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia.	Teshig	Mongolia
country	Rangiātea Church in Otaki, New Zealand was the oldest Māori Anglican church in New Zealand.	Rangiātea Church	New Zealand
country	Rudbārži Palace (Latvian: Rudbāržu muižas pils) is a palace in Rudbārži parish in Skrunda municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Rudbārži Palace	Latvia
country	Balik Kampung (English: ``return to village'') is a Malay term for massive exodus during festive seasons such as Hari Raya Aidilfitri and Chinese New Year in Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei.	Balik Kampung	Malaysia
country	Novosibirsk Metro is a metro system in Novosibirsk, Russia.	Novosibirsk Metro	Russia
country	Shahrestaneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان شهرستانه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrestaneh Rural District	Iran
country	Tŕnie is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Tŕnie	Slovakia
country	Niulakita is the southernmost reef island, which is a district of Tuvalu, and the name of the only village on this island.	Niulakita	Tuvalu
country	Arben Broci High School is a high school located in Tirana, Albania.	Arben Broci High School	Albania
country	Metro Velódromo (Spanish: Estación Velódromo) is a metro station located on Line 9 of the Mexico City Metro.	Metro Velódromo	Mexico
country	The Carnamah Historical Society collects, records, preserves and promotes the history of Carnamah, a town and farming community in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Carnamah Historical Society	Australia
country	Dagstuhl Castle (in German: Burgruine Dagstuhl or Burg Dagstuhl) is a ruined castle on the top of a hill near the town of Wadern, kreis Merzig-Wadern, in Saarland, Germany.	Dagstuhl Castle	Germany
country	The Muslim Youth University (popularize as MYU), is a private research university located in the urban area of Islamabad, Pakistan.	Muslim Youth University	Pakistan
country	The Azimut Hotel Murmansk is a high-rise hotel in the center of Murmansk, Russia.	Azimut Hotel Murmansk	Russia
country	Valderøy Church (Norwegian: Valderøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Giske Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Valderøy Church	Norway
country	James Cook University (JCU) is a public university and is the second oldest university in Queensland, Australia.	James Cook University	Australia
country	Challans is a commune in the Vendée département in the Pays de la Loire région in western France.	Challans	France
country	Bogdanci (Macedonian: Богданци (ˈbɔɡdantsi)) is a small town in Republic of Macedonia, close to the border with Greece.	Bogdanci	Macedonia
country	Gir-e Kumar is the name of a mountain located in Dahuk Governorate, in northern Iraq	Gir-e Kumar	Iraq
country	The Christchurch Arts Centre was a hub for arts, crafts and entertainment in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christchurch Arts Centre	New Zealand
country	Stupart Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada.	Stupart Island	Canada
country	SMS Scharnhorst (``His Majesty's Ship Scharnhorst'') was an armored cruiser of the Imperial German Navy, built at the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg, Germany.	SMS Scharnhorst	Germany
country	Taşucu (Latin: Holmi) is a small town of Silifke, Mersin Province, Turkey.	Taşucu	Turkey
country	Sovljak (Serbian Cyrillic: Совљак) is a village in Serbia.	Sovljak	Serbia
country	Arbellara (in Corsican Arbiddali, pronounced (ar.bi.ˈɖːaː.li)) is a French commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.	Arbellara	France
country	The Ashram Road is one of the major roads in the city of Ahmedabad in India.	Ashram Road	India
country	Oreshets, Haskovo Province is a village in the municipality of Harmanli, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Oreshets, Haskovo Province	Bulgaria
country	One of the major attractions of Bulgaria and especially Borovets is the high standard of instruction available at a much lower cost than is common in the ski resorts of western europe.	Borovets	Bulgaria
country	Celaque National Park (formally in Spanish, Parque Nacional Montaña de Celaque) is a national park in Lempira Ocotepeque and Copán, western Honduras.	Celaque National Park	Honduras
country	Busovača is a small town and municipality in the heart of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Busovača	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Jambongan Island is located on the northern coast of Sabah in Malaysia.	Jambongan Island	Malaysia
country	Cryptic Fate is a progressive metal band from Bangladesh formed in the early 1990s.	Cryptic Fate	Bangladesh
country	Villanueva del Campo (Spanish pronunciation: (biʎaˈnweβa ðel ˈkampo)) is a town located in the Province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Villanueva del Campo	Spain
country	Lubcha (Belarusian: Любча, Lubča, Russian: Любча, Polish: Lubcz, Yiddish: לובטש) is a township near Neman River, in Belarus, Hrodna Voblast, Navahrudak rajon, 23 km from Navahrudak.	Lubcha	Belarus
country	Ubon Ratchathani Airport (IATA: UBP, ICAO: VTUU) is near the city of Ubon Ratchathani, in Ubon Ratchathani Province, Northeastern Thailand.	Ubon Ratchathani Airport	Thailand
country	Komodo Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Komodo) (IATA: LBJ, ICAO: WATO) is an airport near the town of Labuan Bajo on the island of Flores in the East Nusa Tenggara province in Indonesia.	Komodo Airport	Indonesia
country	The Khao Ang Rue Nai Wildlife Sanctuary (Thai: เขตรักษาพันธุ์สัตว์ป่าเขาอ่างฤๅไน) is a protected area located at the western end of the Cardamom Mountains in Chachoengsao Province, Thailand.	Khao Ang Rue Nai Wildlife Sanctuary	Thailand
country	Riga Civil Aviation Engineers Institute (RCAII) (Russian: Рижский Краснознаменный Институт Инженеров Гражданской Авиации) founded in 1919 is one of several major engineering higher education establishments in Soviet Latvia and USSR.	Riga Civil Aviation Engineers Institute	Latvia
country	Tauresium (Macedonian: Тауресиум, Ancient greek Tavresion, Ταυρήσιον) or known as Gradište (Градиште) is an archaeological site in Macedonia, located approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the capital Skopje.	Tauresium	Macedonia
country	The Lanka Sama Samaja Party (literally Lanka Equal Society Party, in Sinhala: ලංකා සම සමාජ පක්ෂය, in Tamil: லங்கா சமசமாஜக் கட்சி) is a Trotskyist political party in Sri Lanka.	Lanka Sama Samaja Party	Sri Lanka
country	Beisfjord Bridge (Norwegian: Beisfjordbrua) is a bridge that crosses the Beisfjorden on the west side of the town of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Beisfjord Bridge	Norway
country	Majd al-Krum (Arabic: مجد الكروم‎, Hebrew: מַגְ'ד אל-כֻּרוּם Majd al-Kurum) is an Arab town located in the Upper Galilee in Israel's North District about 16 kilometers (10 miles) east of Acre.	Majd al-Krum	Israel
country	Cape Bouguer Wilderness Protection Area is a protected area located on the south coast of Kangaroo Island in South Australia about 84 kilometres (52 mi) south-west of Kingscote.	Cape Bouguer Wilderness Protection Area	Australia
country	The Shire of Nebo was a local government area in Central Queensland, Queensland, Australia, about 80 kilometres (50 mi) south-west of the regional city of Mackay.	Shire of Nebo	Australia
country	Qarmas (Arabic: قرمص‎, also spelled Qurmus) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located west of Hama.	Qarmas	Syria
country	Farsia (also spelt (Al) Farciya or (El) Farcya) is a small settlement in north-eastern Western Sahara.	Farsia	Western Sahara
country	Daedeok Innopolis, formerly known as Daedeok Science Town, is the research and development district in the Yuseong-gu district in Daejeon, South Korea.	Daedeok Science Town	South Korea
country	Bić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бић) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, above the town of Priboj.	Bić	Serbia
country	Villawood Immigration Detention Centre (IDC) is an Australian immigration detention facility located in the suburb of Villawood in Sydney, Australia.	Villawood Immigration Detention Centre	Australia
country	Agios Sostis is a small village located at the borders of Arcadia, Elis and Messenia regional units, in southern Greece.	Agios Sostis	Greece
country	Hamdon (Hebrew: חמדון‎, Arabic: حمدون‎) is an unrecognized Bedouin village in northern Israel.	Hamdon	Israel
country	Fort Whoop-Up is also the name of a replica built in Indian Battle Park, home to the largest period firearm collection in Canada.	Fort Whoop-Up	Canada
country	Heggen and Frøland District Court (Norwegian: Heggen og Frøland tingrett) is a district court located in Mysen, Norway.	Heggen and Frøland District Court	Norway
country	Devica (Serbian Cyrillic: Девица) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, near the town of Sokobanja.	Devica	Serbia
country	Obre (Cyrillic: Обре) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Obre	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kundang or Pengkalan Kundang refers to an area in Selangor, Malaysia.	Kundang	Malaysia
country	Sarvezg Darreh Bid (Persian: سروزگ دره بيد‎, also Romanized as Sarvezg Darreh Bīd) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarvezg Darreh Bid	Iran
country	Vold Station (Norwegian: Vold holdeplass) was a railway station on the Nordland Line at Skatval in Stjørdal, Norway.	Vold Station	Norway
country	The Retków mine is a large mine in the west of Poland in Retków, Polkowice County, 350 km south-west of the capital, Warsaw.	Retków mine	Poland
country	Vereniging De Hollandsche Molen (Dutch pronunciation: (vəˈreːnəɣɪŋ də ˈɦɔlɑntsə ˈmoːlə(n))) (English: Dutch Windmill Association) is a Dutch organization founded in 1923 to preserve windmills in the Netherlands, to document them, and to restore them.	De Hollandsche Molen	Netherlands
country	Cernadilla is a municipality located in La Carballeda comarca, province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Cernadilla	Spain
country	The Lower Elbe Railway (German: Niederelbebahn or Unterelbebahn), is a railway line between Hamburg and Cuxhaven in northwestern Germany, which was opened in 1881 by the Lower Elbe Railway Company (Unterelbesche Eisenbahngesellschaft).	Lower Elbe Railway	Germany
country	Kalvari-ye Olya (Persian: كلواري عليا‎, also Romanized as Kalvārī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Falard Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 449, in 85 families.	Kalvari-ye Olya	Iran
country	Chah Rigi (Persian: چاه ريگي‎, also Romanized as Chāh Rīgī; also known as Chāh Rangī) is a village in Emad Deh Rural District, Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Rigi	Iran
country	Łośno (ˈwɔɕnɔ) (German Lotzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Łośno	Poland
country	Senčak pri Juršincih (pronounced (ˈseːntʃak pɾi ˈjuːɾʃintsix)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia.	Senčak pri Juršincih	Slovenia
country	Erlebnispark Tripsdrill is a wildlife and theme park near Cleebronn in Southern Germany.	Erlebnispark Tripsdrill	Germany
country	Cartierville is a neighbourhood in north end Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located in the borough of Ahuntsic-Cartierville.	Cartierville	Canada
country	Fosenlinjen AS is a ferry company that operates four routes in Fosen, Norway with the two car ferries MF Nidaros I and MF Nidaros II. The company took over the ferries between Garten, Storfosna, Leksa and Værnes in 2000 from Fosen Trafikklag.	Fosenlinjen	Norway
country	Newington College is an independent, Uniting Church, day and boarding school for boys, located in Stanmore, an inner-western suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Newington College	Australia
country	Råbjerg Mile is a migrating coastal dune between Skagen and Frederikshavn, Denmark.	Råbjerg Mile	Denmark
country	The Lapidarium of Kings is a lapidarium in Copenhagen, Denmark that exhibits a royal collection of stoneworks.	The Lapidarium of Kings	Denmark
country	The Storming of the Bastille (French: Prise de la Bastille (pʁiz də la bastij)) occurred in Paris, France, on the morning of 14 July 1789.	Storming of the Bastille	France
country	The Ponmudi Dam, in the Idukki district, State of Kerala, India, is a hydroelectric project constructed across the Panniar River, a tributary of the Periyar River which is the longest river in Kerala.	Ponmudi Dam	India
country	The Oulu Cemetery (Finnish: Oulun hautausmaa) is a cemetery located in the Intiö neighbourhood close to the city centre of Oulu, Finland.	Oulu Cemetery	Finland
country	The South Island or Te Waipounamu is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand, the other being the smaller but more populous North Island.	South Island	New Zealand
country	Kurnatowice (kurnatɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kurnatowice	Poland
country	Saghari (Persian: ساغري‎, also Romanized as Sāgharī and Sāgherī) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Saghari	Iran
country	The Shire of Warrnambool was a local government area located about 260 kilometres (162 mi) west-southwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Warrnambool	Australia
country	Pico del Águila is a peak of the mountain range called Ajusco, located in Cumbres del Ajusco National Park at the southern outskirts of Mexico City, in the borough of Tlalpan.	Pico del Águila	Mexico
country	Simply Audiobooks launched with its core rental service, offering unlimited audiobook rentals in both the United States and Canada with free direct-to-door delivery and no due dates or late fees.	Simply Audiobooks	Canada
country	Turitea is a suburb of Palmerston North in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand.	Turitea	New Zealand
country	Uniejewo (uɲɛˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Uniejewo	Poland
country	Albelda (Spanish: (alˈβelda); Catalan: (əɫˈβɛɫdə), locally: (aɫˈβɛɫda)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Albelda	Spain
country	Tractorul Brașov was a football team from Brașov, Brașov County, Romania.	Tractorul Brașov	Romania
country	Medvedica (pronounced (mɛˈdʋeːditsa)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Sveti Jurij in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Medvedica	Slovenia
country	Mount Trafalgar is an extinct volcano on the north east coast of Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.	Mount Trafalgar	Papua New Guinea
country	Air Caraïbes (IATA: TX, ICAO: FWI, Call sign: French West) is a French airline and is the regional airline of the French Caribbean which comprises two overseas departments of France:	Air Caraïbes	France
country	Rachau is a municipality in the district of Murtal in Styria, Austria with 626 inhabitants.	Rachau	Austria
country	Carpenter Rocks Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast of South Australia about 40 kilometres (25 mi) south-west of Mount Gambier and about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) south east of the township of Carpenter Rocks.	Carpenter Rocks Conservation Park	Australia
country	Refuge de Turia is a refuge of Savoie, France.	Refuge de Turia	France
country	Bajawa is a town of Flores, Indonesia and the capital of the Ngada Regency.	Bajawa	Indonesia
country	Tara Anglican School for Girls (commonly referred to as Tara) is an independent Anglican day and boarding school for girls located in North Parramatta, a western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Tara Anglican School for Girls	Australia
country	The Member System, modeled on the cabinet system, was created by British authorities in Malaysia to provide self-governance.	Member System	Malaysia
country	Qader Khani (Persian: قادرخاني‎, also Romanized as Qāder Khānī) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Qader Khani	Iran
country	Czaganiec (t͡ʂaˈɡaɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czaganiec	Poland
country	Krasnoturyinsk (Russian: Краснотурьи́нск) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Turya River (Ob's basin), 348 kilometers (216 mi) north of Yekaterinburg.	Krasnoturyinsk	Russia
country	The Casa de la Cacica is a 16th-century Mixtec building complex in Teposcolula, Oaxaca, Mexico.	Casa de la Cacica	Mexico
country	Bad Sülze (German pronunciation: (baːt ˈzʏltsə)) is a town in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Bad Sülze	Germany
country	Bonab (Persian: بناب‎; also Romanized as Bonāb and Benāb; also known as Bināb, Bunab, Binov, and Binev) is a city in and the capital of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bonab	Iran
country	The Buenos Aires City Legislature (Spanish: Legislatura de la Ciudad Autónoma de Benos Aires, commonly known as the Legislatura Porteña) is a central part of the Government of the City of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Buenos Aires City Legislature	Argentina
country	Chichen Itza International Airport (IATA: CZA, ICAO: MMCT) is an international airport located in Chichen Itza, Yucatán, Mexico, in the northern Yucatán Peninsula.	Chichen Itza International Airport	Mexico
country	Niederöblarn Airport (German: Flugplatz Niederöblarn, ICAO: LOGO) is a private use airport located 1 kilometre (1 mi) west-northwest of Niederöblarn, Styria, Austria.	Niederöblarn Airport	Austria
country	Porz (German: Köln-Porz) is a city district or Stadtbezirk of Cologne, Germany.	Porz	Germany
country	Taichung Station (Chinese: 臺中車站 or 台中車站; pinyin: Táizhōng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Central District, Taichung City, Taiwan.	Taichung Station	Taiwan
country	Valeo Power Corporation is the largest electricity retail service company for industrial and commercial electricity consumers in Alberta, Canada.	Valeo Power	Canada
country	Yenumulapalli is a small village near the international village Puttaparthi, in India.	Yenumulapalli	India
country	The Port of Saint John is a port complex that occupies 45 hectares (110 acres) of land along 3,900 m (12,800 ft) of waterfront of the Saint John Harbour at the mouth of the Saint John River in the city of Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada.	Port of Saint John	Canada
country	Amirabad-e Keshavarzan (Persian: اميرابادكشاورزان‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Keshāvarzān) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Keshavarzan	Iran
country	Sim River (Russian: Сим) is a river in Chelyabinsk Oblast and the Republic of Bashkortostan in Russia.	Sim River	Russia
country	Maungati is a lightly populated locality situated approximately 18 miles southwest of Timaru in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Maungati	New Zealand
country	Ranilović (Serbian: Раниловић) is a village in the municipality of Aranđelovac, Serbia.	Ranilović	Serbia
country	Eklavya Sports Stadium is cricket stadium located in Agra, Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Eklavya Sports Stadium	India
country	Zuger Kantonalbank is a cantonal bank based in Switzerland.	Zuger Kantonalbank	Switzerland
country	Wola Popowa (ˈvɔla pɔˈpɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Popowa	Poland
country	Završe (pronounced (ˈzaːʋəɾʃɛ)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia.	Završe	Slovenia
country	John Martin & Co. Ltd, colloquially known as John Martin's or simply Johnnies, was an Adelaide-based company which ran a popular chain of department stores in South Australia.	John Martin & Co.	Australia
country	Tutrakan (Bulgarian: Тутракан, Romanian: Тurtucaia, Turkish: Turtukai) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, an administrative centre of the homonymous municipality, part of Silistra Province.	Tutrakan	Bulgaria
country	Thana Bulla Khan (Urdu: تھانھ بولا خان‎) is town located in Jamshoro District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Thana Bulla Khan	Pakistan
country	Pashbard (Persian: پاش برد‎, also Romanized as Pāshbard) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pashbard	Iran
country	The Dulcinea Solar Plant (Spanish: Planta Solar Dulcinea) is a photovoltaic power station in Cuenca, Spain.	Dulcinea Solar Plant	Spain
country	The Valdes Peninsula (Spanish: Península Valdés) is a peninsula on the Atlantic coast in the Viedma Department in the north east of Chubut Province, Argentina.	Valdes Peninsula	Argentina
country	Sædding is a district of Esbjerg in southwest Jutland, Denmark, some 5 km (3.1 mi) northwest of the centre and 5 km (3.1 mi) southeast of Hjerting.	Sædding	Denmark
country	Kisko (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈkisko)) is a former municipality of Finland.	Kisko	Finland
country	Sheykh Ghayib (Persian: شيخ غايب‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Ghāyīb) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Ghayib	Iran
country	Depok is a city in West Java province, Indonesia on the southern border of DKI Jakarta in the Jabodetabek metropolitan region.	Depok	Indonesia
country	Haft Jubeh (Persian: هفت جوبه‎, also Romanized as Haft Jūbeh, Haft Chūbah, and Haft Chūbeh) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Haft Jubeh	Iran
country	Margaret Ekpo International Airport (IATA: CBQ, ICAO: DNCA), also known as Calabar Airport, is an airport serving Calabar, a city in Cross River State in Nigeria.	Margaret Ekpo International Airport	Nigeria
country	The Amtsberge are a relatively small ridge, up to 392.2 m above sea level (NN), near Dassel in southern Lower Saxony in Germany.	Amtsberge	Germany
country	Qyzylqayyng (also known as Saratovskoye or Saratovka) is a populated place in Almaty Region, Kazakhstan.	Qyzylqayyng	Kazakhstan
country	Oisans regularly hosts the Tour de France as well as many major sporting events on a European scale (Super-Biker, World of Snowboarding, Skiing World, the Bike Festival, Andros Trophy or the Criterium Cyclist of Dauphiné Libéré).	Oisans	France
country	Hardanger District Court (Norwegian: Hardanger tingrett) is a district court located in Lofthus, Hordaland, Norway.	Hardanger District Court	Norway
country	Ożarów (Polish pronunciation: (ɔˈʐaruf)) is a town in Poland, in the province of Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in Opatów county (Powiat of Opatów), historic Lesser Poland, with 4,906 inhabitants as of December 31, 2004.	Ożarów	Poland
country	Kouwo (also Kouô ) is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Diédougou in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Kouwo	Mali
country	County Monaghan (/ˈmʌnəhən/ MUN-ə-hən; Irish: Contae Mhuineacháin) is a county in Ireland.	County Monaghan	Ireland
country	Kolvitsa River (Russian: Колвица) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Kolvitsa River	Russia
country	Sonlez (Luxembourgish: Soller, German: Soller) is a village in Luxembourg.	Sonlez	Luxembourg
country	Zahira College Matale, in Sri Lanka, was founded on 3 August 1942.	Zahira College Matale	Sri Lanka
country	Port of Townsville is a government-owned Corporation and seaport in Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	Port of Townsville	Australia
country	Walton Airport (ICAO: OPLH) is situated near Model Town, 10 km (6 mi) from the city centre of Sialkot, in Punjab province of Pakistan.	Walton Airport	Pakistan
country	Hof Hauptbahnhof (German for Hof main station; sometimes translated as ``Hof Central Station'' or described as ``Hof central station'' in English) is the main railway station in Hof in southern Germany and is situated at the intersection of the Saxon-Franconian trunk line (Magistrale) and the Munich--	Hof Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Khan Yurdi (Persian: خانيوردي‎, also Romanized as Khān Yūrdī and Khānyūrdī) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khan Yurdi	Iran
country	Massa Marittima is a town and comune of the province of Grosseto, southern Tuscany, Italy, 49 km NNW of Grosseto.	Massa Marittima	Italy
country	The Puerta de Bisagra (originally Bab al-Saqra, also called 'Puerta de Alfonso VI') is a city gate of Toledo, Spain, built in the 10th century, in the time of the taifa of Toledo.	Puerta de Bisagra	Spain
country	Council rangers are officers employed by local government areas in Australia to enforce the by-laws of those local governments and a limited range of state laws relating to such matters as litter control, animal control, dog laws, cat laws, bush fire control, off-road vehicles, emergency management, and parking.	Council ranger	Australia
country	Hamgin (Persian: همگين‎, also Romanized as Hamgīn) is a village in Hamgin Rural District, in the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hamgin	Iran
country	Toosa is one of the largest villages in Punjab, India.	Toosa	India
country	Eden Terrace is an inner city suburb of Auckland, located 2 km south of the Auckland CBD, in the North Island of New Zealand.	Eden Terrace	New Zealand
country	Heim Church (Norwegian: Heim kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Heim Church	Norway
country	Our Lady of Peñafrancia (Spanish: Nuestra Señora de Peñafrancia in the Philippines, and Nuestra Señora de la Peña de Francia or Virgen de la Peña de Francia in Spain) is a wooden statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the Philippines patterned after the one in Peña de Francia (Salamanca, Spain).	Our Lady of Peñafrancia	Spain
country	Santa Rita de Siguas District is one of the twenty-nine districts of the Arequipa Province in Peru.	Santa Rita de Siguas District	Peru
country	The State Prison in Vridsløselille is a prison located in Albertslund in the suburbs of Copenhagen in Denmark.	The State Prison in Vridsløselille	Denmark
country	The FH Aachen - Aachen University of Applied Sciences is one of the biggest Fachhochschulen in Germany with roughly 11,300 students, 220 professors, 300 contract lecturers, and 340 assistants.	FH Aachen	Germany
country	General Servando Canales International Airport (IATA: MAM, ICAO: MMMA) is an international airport located in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico, near the U.S.-Mexico border.	General Servando Canales International Airport	Mexico
country	Ravne pri Mlinšah (pronounced (ˈɾaːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈmliːnʃax)) is a settlement southeast of Mlinše in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Ravne pri Mlinšah	Slovenia
country	2MAX FM is a community radio station based in Narrabri, NSW, Australia.	2MAX	Australia
country	Sibasa is a town in Limpopo Province, South Africa and the former capital city of the Venda bantustan.	Sibasa	South Africa
country	Tuseh Chaleh (Persian: توسه چاله‎, also Romanized as Tūseh Chāleh; also known as Tūseh Chālak) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tuseh Chaleh	Iran
country	Hesar Shivan (Persian: حصارشيوان‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Shīvān) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Hesar Shivan	Iran
country	Naświty (naɕˈfitɨ) (German Nasewitt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Naświty	Poland
country	Ksawercin (ksaˈvɛrt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ksawercin	Poland
country	Ras Binnah is a small cape in the northeastern Bari administrative region of Somalia.	Ras Binnah	Somalia
country	The Social Christian Unity Party (Partido de Unidad Socialcristiana) is a centre-right political party in Costa Rica.	Social Christian Unity Party	Costa Rica
country	German submarine U-654 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 1 June 1940 by Howaldtswerke, Hamburg as yard number 803, launched on 3 May 1941 and commissioned on 5 July 1941 under Korvettenkapitän Hans-Joachim Hesse.	German submarine U-654	Nazi Germany
country	Vopovlje (pronounced (ˈʋoːpɔu̯ljɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vopovlje	Slovenia
country	Bērzpils parish (Latvian: Bērzpils pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Balvi Municipality, Latvia.	Bērzpils parish	Latvia
country	Spodnja Ložnica (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja lɔˈʒniːtsa)) is a village in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnja Ložnica	Slovenia
country	Békés (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbeːkeːʃ); Slovak: Békéš, Romanian: Bichiş) is a town in Békés county, Hungary.	Békés	Hungary
country	Wanchi, also sometimes erroneously spelt as ``Wonchi'', is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Wonchi	Ethiopia
country	The Prince Christian Sound (Greenlandic: Ikerassuaq; Danish:Prins Christian Sund) is a sound which separates the mainland of Greenland with the Sangmissoq (Christian IV Island) and other islands of the Cape Farewell Archipelago near the southernmost tip of Greenland.	Prince Christian Sound	Greenland
country	Elderslea is a suburb of Upper Hutt located in the lower North Island of New Zealand, positioned about a kilometre from the Upper Hutt city centre.	Elderslea	New Zealand
country	Al-Shirqat is a Sunni Arab town west of the Tigris in Salah ad Din Governorate, Iraq.	Al-Shirqat	Iraq
country	The Ryonghung Gang estuary Important Bird Area comprises the 10,000 ha estuary of the Ryonghung River where it flows into the Sea of Japan in South Hamgyong Province on the eastern coast of North Korea.	Ryonghung Gang estuary Important Bird Area	North Korea
country	The Lunsemfwa River is a tributary of the Lukasashi and Luangwa Rivers in Zambia and part of the Zambezi River basin.	Lunsemfwa River	Zambia
country	Poriadie (Hungarian: Erdősor) is a village and municipality in Myjava District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Poriadie	Slovakia
country	Natural Arch, Tirumala hills is a distinctive geological wonder located 1 km (0.6 mi) North of the Tirumala hills temple, near the Chakra Teertham in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Natural Arch, Tirumala hills	India
country	Alamarvdasht (Persian: علامرودشت‎) is a city in and the capital of Alamarvdasht District, in Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Alamarvdasht	Iran
country	Bükkszék is a small village in the north of Hungary, near the town of Eger.	Bükkszék	Hungary
country	Saint-Servan is a town of western France, in Brittany, situated 2 miles from the ferry port of St Malo.	Saint-Servan	France
country	Lübbesee is a lake in Brandenburg, Germany, located in the town of Templin.	Lübbesee	Germany
country	Nyaksimvol (Russian: Някси́мволь) is a rural locality (a selo) in Beryozovsky District of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the left bank of the Severnaya Sosva River, 60 kilometers (37 mi) southwest of Khulimsunt.	Nyaksimvol	Russia
country	Darreh Hamyaneh-ye Sofla (Persian: دره هميانه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Hamyāneh-ye Soflá; also known as Darhamyāneh-ye Pā’īn and Darreh Hambāneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Komehr Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Hamyaneh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Eglinton railway station served Eglinton in County Londonderry in Northern Ireland.	Eglinton railway station	Ireland
country	Summer services (Finnish: Suviseurat) is a large gathering of Laestadians in Finland.	Summer services	Finland
country	Habitat 67, or simply Habitat, is a model community and housing complex in Montreal, Canada, designed by Canadian architect Moshe Safdie.	Habitat 67	Canada
country	Lake Sibhayi, also known as Lake Sibaya, a freshwater lake in South Africa, with a surface area of 64 km².	Lake Sibhayi	South Africa
country	Neo Sidirochori (Greek: Νέο Σιδηροχώρι, Turkish: Cambaz) is a village and a former municipality in the Rhodope regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Neo Sidirochori	Greece
country	The Great Mosque of Kufa, or Masjid al-Kūfa (Arabic: مسجد الكوفة المعظم‎), or Masjid-al-Azam located in Kūfa, Iraq, is one of the earliest mosques in the world.	Great Mosque of Kufa	Iraq
country	Takaeang is the second largest island in the Aranuka atoll of Kiribati.	Takaeang	Kiribati
country	Guangyang Secondary School is a government secondary school in Singapore.	Guangyang Secondary School	Singapore
country	The Ninh Thuận 1 Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear power plant at Phước Dinh in Thuận Nam District, Ninh Thuận Province, Vietnam.	Ninh Thuận 1 Nuclear Power Plant	Vietnam
country	The Shadow Minister for Women and Equalities (previously Shadow Minister for Women and Shadow Minister for Women and Equality) is a position in the United Kingdom's Official Opposition, often held together with a Shadow Cabinet post, but sometimes as a Shadow Cabinet post in its own right.	Shadow Minister for Women and Equalities	United Kingdom
country	The Italian Football Federation (Italian: Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio; FIGC), also known as Federcalcio, is the governing body of football in Italy.	Italian Football Federation	Italy
country	The Pasir Gudang Municipal Council (MPPG; Malay: Majlis Perbandaran Pasir Gudang) is a local authority which administrates Pasir Gudang and other areas of the Iskandar Malaysia area.	Pasir Gudang Municipal Council	Malaysia
country	Berdsk (Russian: Бердск) is a town in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, a satellite of Novosibirsk, situated on a bank of the Berd River.	Berdsk	Russia
country	Bekwarra is a Local Government Area in northern Cross River State, Nigeria.	Bekwarra	Nigeria
country	Sulbiny Górne (sulˈbinɨ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sulbiny Górne	Poland
country	Dipoli is a conference center located in Espoo, Finland as a part of the Otaniemi campus of the Aalto University (successor of Helsinki University of Technology, TKK).	Dipoli	Finland
country	Roscigno is a small town and comune of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.	Roscigno	Italy
country	Ouvrage Bréhain is part of the Fortified Sector of the Crusnes of the Maginot Line, located near the community of Bréhain-la-Ville in the Meurthe-et-Moselle département of France.	Ouvrage Bréhain	France
country	Sela pri Kamniku (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈkaːmniku)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Sela pri Kamniku	Slovenia
country	Clady railway station in County Donegal, Republic of Ireland served the village of Clady, County Tyrone in the United Kingdom.	Clady railway station	Ireland	United Kingdom
country	Barcin (ˈbart͡ɕin) (German: Bartschin, 1943-45 Bartelstädt) is a town in Poland, in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in Żnin County.	Barcin	Poland
country	Sri Jayawardenepura Maha Vidyalaya is a government school in Kotte, Sri Lanka.	Sri Jayawardenepura Maha Vidyalaya	Sri Lanka
country	The Certosa di Bologna is a former Carthusian monastery (or charterhouse) in Bologna, northern Italy, which was founded in 1334 and suppressed in 1797.	Certosa di Bologna	Italy
country	The Bay of Buena Vista (Spanish: Bahia de Buena Vista) is a bay on Cuba's northern Atlantic shore.	Bay of Buena Vista	Cuba
country	The Bay of Fires (indigenous name: larapuna) is a bay on the northeastern coast of Tasmania in Australia, extending from Binalong Bay to Eddystone Point.	Bay of Fires	Australia
country	Menheniot railway station serves the village of Menheniot in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Menheniot railway station	United Kingdom
country	Naxxar (Maltese: In-Naxxar) is a town in the Northern Region of Malta, with a population of about 13,443 people as of March 2014.	Naxxar	Malta
country	Hasan Beyg Mordeh (Persian: حسن بگ مرده‎) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hasan Beyg Mordeh	Iran
country	Startenhuizen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈstɑrtənˌɦœyzən)) is a small town/village at the border of the municipals Eemsmond and Loppersum in the northeastern Netherlands.	Startenhuizen	Netherlands
country	Bloemendhal is a suburb in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Bloemendhal	Sri Lanka
country	Puerto Quijarro is a Bolivian city and an inland river port and situated on the Tamengo Canal in Bolivia, by the border with Brazil.	Puerto Quijarro	Bolivia
country	Rabieh (Arabic: الرابية‎) is a upscale suburban area on the northern edge of Greater Beirut, Lebanon, about 20 minutes driving distance from Beirut.	Rabieh	Lebanon
country	Hotel Terme Millepini is a four-star hotel in Montegrotto Terme, Padua, Italy.	Hotel Terme Millepini	Italy
country	The Green Party of Prince Edward Island is a registered provincial political party in Prince Edward Island, Canada founded by Sharon Labchuk.	Green Party of Prince Edward Island	Canada
country	John Murray Field is home to Redlands Baseball Club in Sheldon, about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	John Murray Field	Australia
country	Santa Maria degli Angeli alle Croci is a Baroquestyle, Roman Catholic church in Naples, Italy, located on via Veterinaria, near the Botanical Gardens.	Santa Maria degli Angeli alle Croci	Italy
country	Poerua River is the name of two rivers in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Poerua River	New Zealand
country	Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chulalongkorn University (Thai: คณะเภสัชศาสตร์ จุฬาลงกรณ์มหาวิทยาลัย) is the first Pharmacy school in Thailand, located in Bangkok.	Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chulalongkorn University	Thailand
country	Gavchali (Persian: گاوچالي‎, also Romanized as Gāvchālī) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gavchali	Iran
country	Benaceur (Arabic: ﺑﻦ ﻧﺎﺻﺮ‎) (sometimes written Ben Nasseur) is a town and commune in Taibet District, Ouargla Province, Algeria.	Benaceur	Algeria
country	The Tana Bridge (Norwegian: Tana bru) is a suspension bridge that crosses the Tana River in Finnmark county in Norway.	Tana Bridge	Norway
country	Luitingh-Sijthoff is a publishing company based in the Netherlands that releases fiction and nonfiction books for the Dutch language market.	Luitingh-Sijthoff	Netherlands
country	Tahmas Gavabar (Persian: طهماسگوابر‎, also Romanized as Ţahmās Gavābar; also known as Tamās Gavābar) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tahmas Gavabar	Iran
country	Lakselv Church (Norwegian: Lakselv kirke) is a parish church in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Lakselv Church	Norway
country	Malahide Castle (Irish: Caisleán Mhullach Íde), parts of which date to the 12th century, lies, with over 260 acres (1.1 km2) of remaining estate parkland (the Malahide Demesne Regional Park), close to the village of Malahide, nine miles (14 km) north of Dublin in Ireland.	Malahide Castle	Ireland
country	Los Millares is a Chalcolithic occupation site 17 km north of Almería, in the municipality of Santa Fe de Mondújar, Andalusia, Spain.	Los Millares	Spain
country	Torrens Island Conservation Park is a protected area located on Torrens Island in South Australia about 3.9 kilometres (2.4 mi) north-northeast of Port Adelaide.	Torrens Island Conservation Park	Australia
country	The Anti-Gold Licence Association was formed in Bendigo, Victoria, Australia on 6 June 1853.	Anti-Gold Licence Association	Australia
country	Inozemtsevo (Russian: Иноземцево) is an urban locality (a settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of oblast significance of Zheleznovodsk in Stavropol Krai, Russia.	Inozemtsevo	Russia
country	Bonyanabad (Persian: بنيان اباد‎, also Romanized as Bonyānābād; also known as Bonyādābād) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bonyanabad	Iran
country	Zoo Lake is a popular lake and public park in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Zoo Lake	South Africa
country	The Fan Noli University is a university based in Korçë, Albania.	Fan Noli University	Albania
country	MGM English Medium School, Rourkela is also known as Mar Greegorious Memorial English School is a co-ed school for girls & boys from the Pre-Primary level to the Higher Senior-Secondary level in Rourkela, India.	MGM English Medium School, Rourkela	India
country	Novoukrainka (Ukrainian: Новоукраїнка) is a city in Kirovohrad Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Novoukrainka	Ukraine
country	Ferreira do Alentejo (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ) or (fɨˈʁeɾɐ ðu ɐlẽˈtɛʒu)) is a town and a municipality in Beja District in Portugal.	Ferreira do Alentejo	Portugal
country	The Zhenetskyi Huk (Ukrainian: Женецький Гук) or the Huk waterfall is located on the Zhenets' river about 9 km from Tatariv village, Nadvirna Raion, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast in western Ukraine.	Zhenetskyi Huk	Ukraine
country	Sabilal Muhtadin is the largest mosque in Banjarmasin, Indonesia, in terms of capacity to accommodate people.	Sabilal Muhtadin	Indonesia
country	Harabarjan (Persian: هرابرجان‎, also Romanized as Harābarjān and Herābarjān; also known as Arāvjūn, Haravarjūn, and Harvarjun) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District, Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Harabarjan	Iran
country	Grand'Anse Praslin is an administrative district of Seychelles located on the island of Praslin.	Grand'Anse Praslin	Seychelles
country	Mich (Persian: ميچ‎‎, also Romanized as Mīch; also known as Hīch-e Bālā, Mīch Bālā, Mīch-e Bālā, Mīj, and Mīj-e Bālā) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mich	Iran
country	The Jam Factory is a shopping and entertainment centre, located in Chapel Street, South Yarra, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.	The Jam Factory	Australia
country	In Amenas (Arabic: إن أمناس‎, ``In ''Amanās) is a town and commune in eastern Algeria, bordering with Libya.	In Amenas	Algeria
country	Brouckerque (from Dutch: Broekkerke meaning ``marsh church'') is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Brouckerque	France
country	Canoas Sport Club, usually known as Canoas is a Brazilian football club from Canoas, Rio Grande do Sul, founded by the Lutheran University of Brazil (in Portuguese, Universidade Luterana do Brasil - ULBRA).	Canoas Sport Club	Brazil
country	Karbówka (karˈbufka) (German: Karben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karbówka	Poland
country	Gostynin (ɡɔsˈtɨɲin) is a town in Central Poland with 19,414 inhabitants (2004).	Gostynin	Poland
country	Storozhenskiy Light (Russian: Стороженский маяк), also known as Storozhno Light, is an active lighthouse in Lake Ladoga, in the Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Storozhenskiy Light	Russia
country	Bariteh (Persian: بريته‎, also Romanized as Barīteh) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bariteh	Iran
country	The Ruseni River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River, near the end of Lake Izvorul Muntelui in Romania.	Ruseni River	Romania
country	Ghulam Muhammad Abad (Urdu: غلام محمد آباد ‎) (often shortened to G M Abad) is the largest residential area of Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ghulam Muhammad Abad	Pakistan
country	During the growth of the City of Berlin after the 1871 unification of Germany, many peasants profited by the real estate speculation, when Schmargendorf on the eastern rim of the Grunewald forest became a popular residential area.	Schmargendorf	Germany
country	Punta de Vacas Heliport (ICAO: SAML) is a public use heliport located in Punta de Vacas, Mendoza, Argentina.	Punta de Vacas Heliport	Argentina
country	Hostýnsko-vsetínská hornatina (English: Hostýn-Vsetín Mountains or Hostyn-Vsetin Highlands) is a mountain range in the Czech Republic.	Hostýnsko-vsetínská hornatina	Czech Republic
country	Svetogorsk (Russian: Светого́рск; Finnish: Enso) is an industrial town in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus, on the Vuoksa River.	Svetogorsk	Russia
country	The Independentist Sardinian Party (Partidu Sardu Indipendentista, PSIn) was a minor separatist and democratic-socialist political party in Sardinia, Italy.	Independentist Sardinian Party	Italy
country	Bodrum Castle (Turkish: Bodrum Kalesi), located in southwest Turkey in the port city of Bodrum (37°1′54``N 27°25′46''E), was built from 1402 onwards, by the Knights of St John as the Castle of St. Peter or Petronium.	Bodrum Castle	Turkey
country	École secondaire publique Louis-Riel (Louis Riel Public Secondary School) is a high school in the Blackburn Hamlet neighbourhood of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, part of the Conseil des écoles publiques de l'Est de l'Ontario (Eastern Ontario Public School Board).	École secondaire publique Louis-Riel	Canada
country	Zbilidy (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzbɪlɪdɪ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Zbilidy	Czech Republic
country	Jumeirah Zabeel Saray is a resort located on the west crescent of The Palm in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Jumeirah Zabeel Saray	United Arab Emirates
country	Sustan (Persian: سوستان‎, also Romanized as Sūstān; also known as Sīstān) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sustan	Iran
country	Graška Gora (pronounced (ˈɡɾaːʃka ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a dispersed settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Graška Gora	Slovenia
country	San Liberatore a Maiella is an abbey in the territory of Serramonacesca, in Abruzzo, Italy.	San Liberatore a Maiella	Italy
country	Dichiseni is a commune in Călăraşi County, Romania with 1863 inhabitants (2002 census).	Dichiseni	Romania
country	Opobo is a city-state in the southern region of Nigeria.	Opobo	Nigeria
country	The Reserva Ecológica Municipal Sierra y Cañón de Jimulco is a protected area in Torreon, Coahuila, Mexico.	Jimulco	Mexico
country	Rašće (Cyrillic: Рашће) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rašće	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Meghas (Persian: مغاث‎, also Romanized as Meghās̄ and Meqās̄) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Meghas	Iran
country	Aşağı Fərəcan (also, Ashagy-Faradzhan and Dzhafarabad; and Harar -- Armenian: Հարար)) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Fərəcan	Azerbaijan
country	The Deutschland Tour (English: Tour of Germany and sometimes Deutschland-Rundfahrt in German) was the most important multi-stage road bicycle race in Germany.	Deutschland Tour	Germany
country	Ağanus (also, Aghanus) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağanus	Azerbaijan
country	Lake Yedigei (Belarusian: Возера Ёдзі) is a lake in Belarus, located in 33 km north- east of the borough of Ostrowiec, near the village of Yedigei.	Lake Yedigei	Belarus
country	Chiradzulu is a town in Malawi, and the administrative capital of the Chiradzulu District.	Chiradzulu	Malawi
country	Montfermeil (French pronunciation: (mɔ̃fɛʁmɛj)) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Montfermeil	France
country	The Episcopal Church in Minnesota, also known as the Episcopal Diocese of Minnesota, is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America which has jurisdiction over all of Minnesota, except Clay County, which is in the Episcopal Diocese of North Dakota.	Episcopal Church in Minnesota	United States of America
country	Dehshal (Persian: دهشال‎, also Romanized as Dehshāl) is a village in Dehshal Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dehshal	Iran
country	Kond Ab (Persian: كنداب‎, also Romanized as Kond Āb; also known as Gandāb) is a village in Chaharkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kond Ab	Iran
country	Manjalu (Persian: منجلو‎, also Romanized as Manjalū and Manjelū; also known as Manjānlū) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District, Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Manjalu	Iran
country	Kurtës is a community in the Korçë County, southeastern Albania.	Kurtës	Albania
country	CHEX-TV-2, UHF analogue channel 22, is a low-powered CTV-affiliated television station serving the Regional Municipality of Durham that is licensed to Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.	CHEX-TV-2	Canada
country	Nordberg is a neighbourhood in Nordre Aker in Oslo, the capital of Norway.	Nordberg	Norway
country	The Île Louviers, also known as the Île aux Javiaux, was an island in the Seine in Paris, France, that was attached to the bank in the nineteenth century.	Île Louviers	France
country	The Villa di Montevettolini is a Medici villa in the comune of Monsummano Terme, Tuscany, central Italy.	Villa di Montevettolini	Italy
country	Peltos whistle-stop (Finnish: Pellon seisake, Swedish: Åkers hållplats) was a railway halt in Espoo, Finland midway between Espoo railway station & Kauklahti railway station, about 1.8 km from each.	Peltos whistle-stop	Finland
country	Mowtowr-e Faqir Mohammad Jadgal (Persian: موتورفقيرمحمدجدگال‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Faqīr Moḩammad Jadgāl) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Faqir Mohammad Jadgal	Iran
country	Midleton railway station is a railway station situated in Midleton, a town in south-eastern County Cork, in Ireland.	Midleton railway station	Ireland
country	Hjo is a locality and the seat of Hjo Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden It had 6,094 inhabitants in 2010.	Hjo	Sweden
country	The LGV Atlantique is a high-speed railway line running from Paris (Gare Montparnasse) to Western France.	LGV Atlantique	France
country	Sierra de Gredos Regional Park (in Spanish ``Parque Regional de la Sierra de Gredos'') is a protected natural area in Spain, covering 86,397 hectares.	Sierra de Gredos Regional Park	Spain
country	The University of Vicenza was a medieval university located in the town of Vicenza in the Veneto region of Italy.	University of Vicenza	Italy
country	Breda International Airport (Dutch: Breda International Airport (ICAO: EHSE)) is a small general aviation airfield located next to the A58 motorway on the outskirts of Bosschenhoofd, a village in the municipality of Halderberge in the province of North Brabant in the Netherlands.	Breda International Airport	Netherlands
country	Saalfeld (German: Saalfeld/Saale) is a town in Germany, capital of the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district of Thuringia.	Saalfeld	Germany
country	Nowy Złaków (ˈnɔvɨ ˈzwakuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowy Złaków	Poland
country	Mastakh (Russian: Мастах) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Lyuchcheginsky 2-y Rural Okrug of Kobyaysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 285 kilometers (177 mi) from Sangar, the administrative center of the district.	Mastakh	Russia
country	The Virgin Islands Party (VIP) is a political party in the British Virgin Islands led by former Minister Julian Fraser.	Virgin Islands Party	British Virgin Islands
country	The coastal Harappan site at Sokhta Koh (also known as Sotka Koh), 'burnt hill' was first surveyed by an American archaeologist George F Dales in 1960, while exploring estuaries along the Makran coast, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Sokhta Koh	Pakistan
country	Operation Frequent Wind was the final phase in the evacuation of American civilians and ``at-risk'' Vietnamese from Saigon, South Vietnam prior to the takeover of the city by the North Vietnamese Army (PAVN) in the Fall of Saigon.	Operation Frequent Wind	South Vietnam
country	Taiser Town or Taiser Town Scheme-45 (Urdu: تیسر ٹاؤن ‎) is one of the neighborhoods of Malir Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Taiser Town	Pakistan
country	Bieniowice (bjɛɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Bienau: until 1937: Bienowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bieniowice	Poland
country	Gutulia National Park (Norwegian: Gutulia nasjonalpark) is smallest national park in Norway.	Gutulia National Park	Norway
country	Karun County (Persian: شهرستان کارون‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Karun County	Iran
country	XHQD-FM is a radio station located in the city of Chihuahua, Mexico, known as Romance 95.7.	XHQD-FM	Mexico
country	Sidi Amrane (Arabic: ﺳﻴﺪي ﻋﻤﺮان‎) (also written Sīdī Amran) is a town and commune in Djamaa District, El Oued Province, Algeria, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Djamaa.	Sidi Amrane	Algeria
country	Saltängen is a part of Norrköping, Sweden.	Saltängen	Sweden
country	Raahe Museum (or the Museum of Raahe) is the oldest museum of local history and culture in Finland.	Raahe Museum	Finland
country	Velykyi Burluk is an urban-type settlement in Ukraine, the administrative center of the Velykyi Burluk Raion in Kharkiv Oblast.	Velykyi Burluk	Ukraine
country	The Eyschen Ministry was in office in Luxembourg for 27 years, from 22 September 1888 to 12 October 1915, when Paul Eyschen died.	Eyschen Ministry	Luxembourg
country	Gut Muri (Persian: گوت موري‎, also Romanized as Gūt Mūrī) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gut Muri	Iran
country	Vinstradal valley is located in Oppdal municipality, Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Vinstradal	Norway
country	Erftstadt is a town located about 20 km south-west of Cologne in the Rhein-Erft-Kreis, state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Erftstadt	Germany
country	Chinese calligraphy is a form of calligraphy widely practiced in China and revered in the Chinese cultural sphere, which often includes Japan, Taiwan, Korea and Vietnam.	Chinese calligraphy	China
country	Vangin (Persian: ونگين‎, also Romanized as Vangīn and Wangin) is a village in Niyarak Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Vangin	Iran
country of citizenship	Andrea Navarra (born 25 February 1971) is a former rally driver from Italy.	Andrea Navarra	Italy
country of citizenship	Reyhan Şahin (born July 3, 1980 or 1981 in Bremen, Germany), also known as Lady ``Bitch'' Ray, is a German-speaking rapper, radio host and actor of Turkish ethnicity.	Reyhan Şahin	Germany
country of citizenship	James A. Fraser (July 27, 1843 -- July 1937) was a gold miner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	James A. Fraser	Canada
country of citizenship	Eduardo Lorente Ginesta (born May 24, 1977 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a freestyle swimmer from Spain, who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.	Eduardo Lorente	Spain
country of citizenship	Orisha Sound was born June 21, 1988 in Oslo, Norway and moved to Saint Petersburg, Russia as a little girl.	Orisha Sound	Norway
country of citizenship	George Barnaby is a former territorial level politician from Northwest Territories, Canada.	George Barnaby	Canada
country of citizenship	Mohammad-Ali Rajai (Persian: محمدعلی رجائی‎‎; 15 June 1933 -- 30 August 1981) was the president of Iran from 2 to 30 August 1981 after serving as prime minister under Abolhassan Banisadr.	Mohammad-Ali Rajai	Iran
country of citizenship	Ricardo Herz (born 1978) is a violinist from São Paulo, Brazil.	Ricardo Herz	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kaspars Gerhards (born 7 February 1969, in Jelgava, Latvia) is a Latvian politician of the TB/LNNK party and was Minister of Transport of Latvia from 12 March 2009 to 3 November 2010.	Kaspars Gerhards	Latvia
country of citizenship	Joseph Arshad is the Roman Catholic Bishop of Faisalabad in Pakistan.	Joseph Arshad	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Dhirendra Chand is a Nepalese cricketer who has played for the Nepal national cricket team since 2005.	Dhirendra Chand	Nepal
country of citizenship	Emilio Arenales Catalán (May 10, 1922 -- April 17, 1969) was the foreign minister of Guatemala from 1966 to 1969 and the president of the United Nations Twenty-Third General Assembly from 1968 to 1969.	Emilio Arenales Catalán	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Samuel Lustenberger (born 20 January 1985 in Lucerne, Switzerland) is a naturalized Dominican footballer of Swiss descent, who currently plays as midfielder.	Samuel Lustenberger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Redmond Christopher Fernandez Domingo (born August 15, 1985 in Manila, Philippines), simply known as Cogie Domingo, is a Filipino actor and model.	Cogie Domingo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Darya Stepanyuk (Ukrainian: Дар'я Степанюк, also Daria Stepaniuk, born 22 May 1990 in Kharkiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian swimmer.	Darya Stepanyuk	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Einar Bergsland (11 December 1909 -- 12 July 1982) was a Norwegian Nordic skier who later became a promoter for the Holmenkollen ski festival, for alpine skiing in Norway, and for the FIS.	Einar Bergsland	Norway
country of citizenship	Randolph Isham Stow (17 December 1828 -- 17 September 1878) was an English-born Australian Supreme Court of South Australia judge.	Randolph Isham Stow	Australia
country of citizenship	Jean Vuarnet (born January 18, 1933 in Le Bardo, Tunisia) is a former ski racer from France.	Jean Vuarnet	France
country of citizenship	Ana Isabel Alonso (born 16 August 1961 in Villaherreros, Palencia) is a former long-distance runner from Spain, who represented her native country in three Summer Olympics: 1988, 1996 and 2000.	Ana Isabel Alonso	Spain
country of citizenship	Mamdouh Mahmud Salim (Arabic: ممدوح محمود سالم‎, Mamdūḥ Maḥmūd Sālim; b. 1958 in Sudan) is a Sudanese alleged co-founder of the Islamist terrorist network al-Qaeda.	Mamdouh Mahmud Salim	Sudan
country of citizenship	Chris Reason is a senior reporter and presenter for Seven News in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Chris Reason	Australia
country of citizenship	Emperor Antoku (安徳天皇 Antoku-tennō) (December 22, 1178 -- April 25, 1185) was the 81st emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.	Emperor Antoku	Japan
country of citizenship	Norbert Pohlmann (born 20 March 1960 in Ratingen, West Germany) is a computer scientist and a professor at the Westphalia University of Applied Sciences Gelsenkirchen.	Norbert Pohlmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Juan Manuel Santos Calderón (Spanish: (xwan maˈnwel ˈsantos kaldeˈɾon); born 10 August 1951) is the 32nd and current President of Colombia, in office since 2010.	Juan Manuel Santos	Colombia
country of citizenship	Maritta Becker (born March 11, 1981 in Heilbronn, West Germany) is a German ice hockey forward and coach.	Maritta Becker	Germany
country of citizenship	In 2006, Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon, co-founder of TradeDoubler, set up Spotify AB in Stockholm, Sweden.	Daniel Ek	Sweden
country of citizenship	Daniel Norouzi (Persian: دنیل نوروزی‎‎; born 3 January 1992) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Vejle Boldklub in Denmark as a left back.	Daniel Norouzi	Denmark
country of citizenship	Henry Allcock (baptised January 26, 1759 -- February 22, 1808) was a judge and political figure in Upper and Lower Canada.	Henry Allcock	Canada
country of citizenship	Ilona Kickbusch (born 27 August 1948 in Munich, Germany) is recognized throughout the world for her contribution to health promotion and global health.	Ilona Kickbusch	Germany
country of citizenship	Masood Azhar (Urdu: محمد مسعود اظہر) is the founder and leader of the militant group Jaish-e-Mohammed, a militant group based mainly in the Pakistan-administered portion of the state of Kashmir.	Masood Azhar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Michelle van Eimeren (born 15 March 1972) is a beauty queen from Brisbane, Australia.	Michelle van Eimeren	Australia
country of citizenship	Baldev Singh (Hindi: बलदेव सिंह) was an Indian Sikh political leader, he was an Indian independence movement leader and the first Defence Minister of India.	Baldev Singh	India
country of citizenship	Brother Armin Luistro, FSC born December 24, 1961 in Lipa, Batangas, Philippines) is a Filipino Lasallian Brother, who is the current secretary of the Department of Education of the Philippines.	Armin Luistro	Philippines
country of citizenship	Daphne Clair de Jong (born 1939 in New Zealand) is a popular New Zealand writer of over 75 romance novels since 1977 as Daphne Clair and Daphne de Jong, and under the pseudonyms Laurey Bright, Clair Lorel, and Clarissa Garland, and she also publishes poetry and articles.	Daphne Clair	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Piotr Paleczny (b. May 10, 1946 in Rybnik, Poland) is a Polish classical pianist, winner of the 3rd prize of the International Frederick Chopin Piano Competition in 1970.	Piotr Paleczny	Poland
country of citizenship	Kottarapattu Chattu Kuttan (Sinhalese: කොට්ටරපට්ටු චට්ටු කුට්ටන්) was an iconic Sri Lanka doorman at the Galle Face Hotel in Colombo.	Kottarapattu Chattu Kuttan	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Sittipong Manaowarn (Thai: สิทธิพงษ์ มะนาวหวาน) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Sittipong Manaowarn	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jukka Mönkkönen (born 16 August 1959 in Kuopio, Finland) is a Finnish Professor of Biopharmacy who was appointed as the Rector of the University of Eastern Finland for a five-year term of office that began on 1 January 2015.	Jukka Mönkkönen	Finland
country of citizenship	Përparim Dervishi (born 29 August 1955 in Kavajë) served as Albania's Director General of Customs from 2005--2009.	Përparim Dervishi	Albania
country of citizenship	Drew Neemia is a New Zealand television personality and artist.	Drew Neemia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mati Karmin (born 1959) is one of Estonia's most renowned contemporary sculptors.	Mati Karmin	Estonia
country of citizenship	Carmen Vallejo (La Plata, Argentina, November 26, 1922 -- Buenos Aires, Argentina, April 20, 2013) was an Argentinian actress and comedian.	Carmen Vallejo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Will Ribeiro (born February 17, 1983) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist and Luta Livre Esportiva (brown belt) practitioner, fighting out of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Will Ribeiro	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mihovil Logar (Serbian Cyrillic: Миховил Логар; Rijeka, Croatia, 6 October 1902 -- Belgrade, Serbia, 13 January 1998) was a composer and music writer.	Mihovil Logar	Serbia
country of citizenship	Tero Kalliolevo (born 1977) from Finland is the Nordic countries' most successful quiz player in international competitions.	Tero Kalliolevo	Finland
country of citizenship	Hugo Batalla Parentini (July 11, 1926 -- October 3, 1998), Uruguayan politician, was Vice President of Uruguay from 1995 to 1998 during the presidency of Julio María Sanguinetti.	Hugo Batalla	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Sir John Henniker Heaton, 1st Baronet (18 May 1848 -- 8 September 1914) was a United Kingdom Member of Parliament and a postal reformer and journalist in Australia.	John Henniker Heaton	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jethro Dionisio (born January 24, 1972 in Manila, National Capital Region) is a shooter from the Philippines.	Jethro Dionisio	Philippines
country of citizenship	Karbala'i Kazem Karimi Saruqi (Persian:کربلایی کاظم ساروقی) (born:1262 SH, Saruq, Markazi Arak, Iran - died 1339 SH, Qom) as illiterate person.	Karbala'i Kazem Karimi Saruqi	Iran
country of citizenship	Kwon Jun (Korean: 권준; born 12 October 1987 in Pyeongtaek, South Korea) is a South Korean footballer.	Kwon Jun	South Korea
country of citizenship	Air Commodore Gbolahan Mudasiru (1945 - 23 September 2003) was a Nigerian officer who was appointed Governor of Lagos State, Nigeria, holding office between January 1984 and August 1986 during the military regimes of General Muhammadu Buhari and his successor General Ibrahim Babangida.	Gbolahan Mudasiru	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Gordon Fitzell (born 1968 in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada) is a composer, concert organizer, and professor of music.	Gordon Fitzell	Canada
country of citizenship	Bradley Iles (born 23 August 1983) is a professional golfer from New Zealand who currently plays on the Nationwide Tour.	Bradley Iles	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nevertheless, Te Kooti established a faith named Ringatū (``upraised hand'') which gained many followers, and is still present in New Zealand society today.	Te Kooti	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tawfeeq Abdul Razzaq Al Hosani is a UAE football Midfielder who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 Asian Cup.	Tawfeeq Abdul Razzaq	United Arab Emirates
country of citizenship	Shaykh Sulayman Bal (died 1775) was an 18th-century African leader, warrior, and Islamic scholar, from the Futa Toro region in what is today western Mali.	Sulayman Bal	Mali
country of citizenship	Amirul Hafiq Azmi (born 8 December 1996 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a Malaysian Grand Prix motorcycle racer.	Hafiq Azmi	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Varsha Raffel (also Varsha Raphael; b. 20 March 1975 in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh) is a One Day International cricketer who represents India.	Varsha Raffel	India
country of citizenship	Ta Mok was the last leading member of the Khmer Rouge to remain at large in Cambodia; other senior figures had died or already made immunity deals with the government of Hun Sen, including Nuon Chea, Khieu Samphan and Ieng Sary.	Ta Mok	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Marilyn Lightstone (born 28 June 1940 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian film, television and voice actress and writer.	Marilyn Lightstone	Canada
country of citizenship	Priya Banerjee family hails from Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Priya Banerjee	India
country of citizenship	Born in Boekel, Netherlands as the only son of five children to Peter and Dianne van Asseldonk, Hannes van Asseldonk tested a kart for the first time towards the end of the 2006 season, before electing to compete in Junior Rotax Max in 2007.	Hannes van Asseldonk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ali Haider born in a Urdu Speaking family of Karachi located in Pakistan.	Ali Haider	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Robert S. Copeland (1800 -- February 5, 1885) was a merchant, shipbuilder and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Robert S. Copeland	Canada
country of citizenship	Peri Sandria (born on 23 September 1969) is an Indonesian football player and manager that previously plays for Persib Bandung in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division.	Peri Sandria	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Riccardo Marchesini (Vigevano, Italy, 3 July 1963) is an Italian canoer and paracanoer, gold medalist at the 2010 World Cup.	Riccardo Marchesini	Italy
country of citizenship	Errol Lee, the son of music producer Bunny Lee and singer Merlene Webber was born in Kingston Jamaica.	Errol Lee	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Jákup Pauli Gregoriussen (born April 24, 1932 in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands) is the leading architect of the Faroe Islands.	Jákup Pauli Gregoriussen	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Derek Mandell (born in Tamuning, Guam) is a Guamanian sprinter.	Derek Mandell	Guam
country of citizenship	Post Bahadur Bogati (18 July 1953 -- 15 September 2014) represented Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) in the CA Election-2008.	Post Bahadur Bogati	Nepal
country of citizenship	Deputy Commissioner of Police Tan Sri G/4218 Khoo Chong Kong (died: 13 November 1975) was a Perak state police chief during Communist Insurgency War (1968-1989) in Malaysia.	Khoo Chong Kong	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Jamal Taslaq (born 1970) is a Palestinian high fashion designer living and working in Italy.	Jamal Taslaq	Italy
country of citizenship	Hasan Bagheri (Persian: حسن باقری‎‎, February 25, 1956, Tehran - January 29, 1983, Fakke) with true name of Gholamhosayn Afshordi was the young commander of Iran in Iran-Iraq wartime.	Hasan Bagheri	Iran
country of citizenship	Dorothy Patrick was born Dorothea Davis on June 3, 1921, in St. Boniface, Manitoba, Canada of Scot-English heritage from a family of farmers, ranchers and Canadian National Railway workers.	Dorothy Patrick	Canada
country of citizenship	George Henry Martin Johnson (Onwanonsyshon) (October 7, 1816 -- February 19, 1884) was a member of the Wolf clan and selected as a hereditary chief of the Mohawk of the Six Nations in Canada; he also served as an official interpreter and informal diplomat between the Mohawk and Canadian governments.	George Henry Martin Johnson	Canada
country of citizenship	Esther Moreno is a member of an extended wrestling family founded by her father Alfonso Moreno who was both a wrestler and a wrestling promoter and her mother who took over promoting wrestling in Arena Azteca Budokan in Nezahualcoyotl, Mexico State after Alfonso Moreno died.	Esther Moreno	Mexico
country of citizenship	In the Republic of Macedonia Todor Aleksandrov, who previously was dismissed as Bulgarophile, has been recently added to the country's historical heritage.	Todor Aleksandrov	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Bruce Purchase (2 October 1938 -- 5 June 2008) was a New Zealand-born actor known for his roles on stage and television.	Bruce Purchase	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hilbram Dunar (born in Banda Aceh, Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam) is television presenter, radio broadcaster, Book Author, Public Speaking Trainer and Motivation Speaker master of ceremonies, and entertainer from Indonesia.	Hilbram Dunar	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Tyron Akins (born 6 January 1986) is a US-born hurdler competing internationally for Nigeria.	Tyron Akins	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Pierre Carette (born 21 September 1952 in Charleroi, Belgium) was the leader of the Belgian extreme-left terrorist group Communist Combatant Cells or CCC.	Pierre Carette	Belgium
country of citizenship	David Kakon is a music producer based out of Montreal, Canada.	David Kakon	Canada
country of citizenship	Abul Bashar (Bengali: আবুল বাশার) is a popular Bengali writer from the state of West Bengal in India.	Abul Bashar	India
country of citizenship	Anthony Eze Enwereuzor is a Nigerian politician and member of the 4th National Assembly representing Aba North/Aba South constituency of Abia State under the flagship of the All Nigeria Peoples Party.	Anthony Eze Enwereuzor	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Franz Ullrich was born on the 22 July 1830 in the small town of Maikammer, Germany.	Franz Ullrich	Germany
country of citizenship	Alan Schirnack (born 28 November 1986) is a New Zealand professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Wests Tigers in the National Rugby League (NRL).	Alan Schirnack	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Meera Sanyal (née Hiranandani, 15 October 1961) is the former CEO & chairman of the Royal Bank of Scotland in India.	Meera Sanyal	India
country of citizenship	Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor (born 1968) is a Kenyan writer, who was named ``Woman of the Year'' by Eve Magazine in Kenya in 2004 for her contribution to the country's literature and arts.	Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor	Kenya
country of citizenship	Shanti Snyder (born 4 June 1981), better known as Shanti, is a Japanese lyricist, singer, songwriter, and music TV host of mixed descent, based in Japan and hailing from Kanagawa Prefecture.	Shanti Snyder	Japan
country of citizenship	Erik Kurmangaliev (December 31, 1959 -- November 13, 2007) was a Russian-Kazakh opera singer, actor and a leading public figure in Russia's perestroika music scene.	Erik Kurmangaliev	Russia
country of citizenship	Kim Gu-yong (김구용)', pen name of Kim Kku (February 5, 1922 to December 28, 2001), was a poet and calligrapher living in what is now South Korea.	Kim Gu-yong	South Korea
country of citizenship	Nobuhiko Takada made his professional wrestling debut in 1981 against Norio Honaga, for New Japan Pro Wrestling, where he started his career as a Junior Heavyweight.	Nobuhiko Takada	Japan
country of citizenship	Baron Horace Günzburg (Baron Goratsii Evzelevich Gintsburg, Барон Гораций Евзелевич Гинцбург, (Naftali-Gerts Evzelevich Gintsburg) February 8, 1833 in Zvenigorodka, government (guberniya) of Kiev, Russia -- March 2, 1909 in St. Petersburg, buried in Paris) was a Russian philanthropist.	Horace Günzburg	Russia
country of citizenship	Ji Wallace (born 23 June 1977 in Lismore, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian gymnast and Olympic trampoline silver medalist.	Ji Wallace	Australia
country of citizenship	Macarena Achaga Figueroa (Spanish pronunciation: (makaˈɾena aˈtʃaɣa); born March 5, 1992 in Mar del Plata, Argentina) known professionally as Macarena Achaga, is an Argentine model, actress, singer, and television hostess.	Macarena Achaga	Argentina
country of citizenship	Errol Damelin grew up in a Jewish family in Klerksdorp, a small town in rural South Africa, where his father was a country doctor who later specialised as an anaesthesiologist.	Errol Damelin	South Africa
country of citizenship	Christine Daaé was born in a town near Uppsala, Sweden.	Christine Daaé	Sweden
country of citizenship	Pablo Aurrecochea (born March 3, 1981 in Artigas, Uruguay) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing for CA Atlanta.	Pablo Aurrecochea	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Jean Jacques Vioget (1794--1855), originally from Switzerland, was a surveyor and sea captain, who came to California in 1837.	Jean Jacques Vioget	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jochen Rindt was born in Mainz, Germany, to an Austrian mother and German father, but his parents were killed in a bombing raid in Hamburg during the Second World War, when he was just one year old.	Jochen Rindt	Germany
country of citizenship	Nicole Flint (born 15 May 1988) is a South African model, radio and TV presenter and public relations professional from Pretoria who was crowned Miss South Africa 2009.	Nicole Flint	South Africa
country of citizenship	Felipe Kitadai (born July 28, 1989) is a judoka from Brazil of Japanese origin.	Felipe Kitadai	Brazil
country of citizenship	Zakaria Asidah (born June 22, 1972 in Frederiksberg, Hovedstaden, Denmark) is a Danish Taekwondo athlete.	Zakaria Asidah	Denmark
country of citizenship	Dominique Lorentz is a French investigative journalist who has written books on the stakes and reality of nuclear proliferation, as well as a film documentary, La République Atomique (``The Atomic Republic''), which related terrorist acts in France in the 1980s to the nuclear program of Iran.	Dominique Lorentz	France
country of citizenship	Tatiana Okupnik vel Tatiana (born September 2, 1978, Łódź, Poland) is a Polish singer, composer and songwriter.	Tatiana Okupnik	Poland
country of citizenship	Mahfoud Nahnah (27 January 1942 -- 19 June 2003) (Arabic:محفوظ نحناح) was the leader of the Islamist political party Movement of Society for Peace (Hamas) in Algeria.	Mahfoud Nahnah	Algeria
country of citizenship	Aged 13, Ondina Valla was already considered one of Italy's top athletes.	Ondina Valla	Italy
country of citizenship	Hans Dahl was born in the village of Granvin, on the Hardangerfjord, in the county of Hordaland in Norway.	Hans Dahl	Norway
country of citizenship	Tom Waller (born Thomas de Warrenne Waller on 4 April 1974 in Bangkok, Thailand) is a film director and producer.	Tom Waller	Thailand
country of citizenship	Dhananjoy Chatterjee (14 August 1965 -- 14 August 2004) was born in Kuludihi, West Bengal, India and worked as a security guard in Kolkata.	Dhananjoy Chatterjee	India
country of citizenship	General Ignatius Kutu Acheampong (/əˈtʃæmˈpɒŋ/ ə-CHAM-PONG) (23 September 1931 -- 16 June 1979) was a military head of state of Ghana who ruled from 13 January 1972 to 5 July 1978, when he was deposed in a palace coup.	Ignatius Kutu Acheampong	Ghana
country of citizenship	Enrique García (20 November 1912 -- 23 August 1969) was an Argentine football left winger who won the Copa América on two occasions with the Argentina national team.	Enrique García	Argentina
country of citizenship	Rodrigo Grande (born February 10, 1974, Rosario, Santa Fe Province, Argentina) is an Argentine film director and screenplay writer.	Rodrigo Grande	Argentina
country of citizenship	The daughter of an architect, Ulrike Draesner grew up in Munich, Germany.	Ulrike Draesner	Germany
country of citizenship	Christian Abt (born 8 May 1967) is a race car driver born in Kempten, Germany, into a family of amateur race drivers and car dealers.	Christian Abt	Germany
country of citizenship	Stefan Gimpl (Leogang, October 31, 1979) is a professional snowboarder from Austria.	Stefan Gimpl	Austria
country of citizenship	Arthur Dwight Ross was born 18 March 1907, in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Dwight Ross	Canada
country of citizenship	Paul Shabangu (born c. 1943) served as acting Prime Minister of Swaziland from 29 September 2003 to November 2003.	Paul Shabangu	Swaziland
country of citizenship	Mahendra Bahadur Pandey, academician and a politburo member of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist), assumed the post of the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Nepal on 25 February 2014 under Sushil Koirala-led government.	Mahendra Bahadur Pandey	Nepal
country of citizenship	Like many of the Hague School alumni, Jacob Maris had enormous success in the Netherlands and abroad.	Jacob Maris	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Diarmait mac Cerbaill (died c. 565) was King of Tara or High King of Ireland.	Diarmait mac Cerbaill	Ireland
country of citizenship	Hamidullah Amin (born 1941) is a politician in Afghanistan, serving as the chancellor of Kabul University since 2008.	Hamidullah Amin	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	James Scott Maclaurin (8 November 1864--19 January 1939) was a New Zealand analytical chemist.	James Scott Maclaurin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tony Peakewas born in Johannesburg, South Africa in 1951 to English parents.	Tony Peake	South Africa
country of citizenship	George Grigore was born in the village of Grindu, Ialomița (southeastern Romania), on 2 February 1958.	George Grigore	Romania
country of citizenship	Mohammad Roshandel (Persian: محمد روشند‌دل‎‎) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Iranian football club Sepahan in the Iran Pro League.	Mohammad Roshandel	Iran
country of citizenship	Danijel Ćulum (born August 19, 1989) is a Bosnian football player who currently plays for FK Radnik Bijeljina in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Danijel Ćulum	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Born on River Road in St. Vital, Manitoba, to Sara Riel and Camille Teillet, Roger Teillet was a direct descendant of Marie-Anne Gaboury and Jean-Baptiste Lagimodière, who were the first white settlers in Canada's west and also were the grandparents of Louis Riel.	Roger Teillet	Canada
country of citizenship	Millie Williamson (born 28 November 1999 in Christchurch) is a New Zealand artistic gymnast.	Millie Williamson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Javier Castillo (born August 29, 1983 in Chitré, Herrera Province, Panama) is a minor league baseball player who is most notable for being on Panama's roster for the 2006 World Baseball Classic and 2009 World Baseball Classic.	Javier Castillo	Panama
country of citizenship	Lt. Colonel (later Brigadier) Umaru Mohammed was appointed Governor of North-Western State in Nigeria in July 1975 at the start of the military regime of General Murtala Mohammed.	Umaru Mohammed	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Paul Reitsma (born January 22, 1948) is a former member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada, for the electoral district of Parksville-Qualicum.	Paul Reitsma	Canada
country of citizenship	Cynthia Deyanira Rodríguez Ruiz (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsintja roˈðɾiɣes); born May 8, 1984 in Monclova, Coahuila, Mexico) is a Mexican singer and reality television personality.	Cynthia Deyanira Rodríguez Ruiz	Mexico
country of citizenship	François Zalacain (born 11 February 1940 in France) is a record producer and the founder of Sunnyside Records.	François Zalacain	France
country of citizenship	Bernhard Fuchs (* 1971 in Haslach a.d. Mühl / Upper Austria) is an Austrian photographer.	Bernhard Fuchs	Austria
country of citizenship	Patrick Ngcobo (died February 1, 2015) was a Carnatic classic musician born in Kloof (Gillets), Durban, South Africa.	Patrick Ngcobo	South Africa
country of citizenship	Mohammad Afand (Persian: محمد آفند; born April 11, 1984‎) is an Iranian Football Midfielder who currently plays for Fajr Sepasi in Iran's Premier Football League.	Mohammad Afand	Iran
country of citizenship	Alejandro Daniel Islas Arroyo (born 24 May 1992 in Mexico State, Mexico) is a Mexican diver.	Daniel Islas Arroyo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Péter Pázmándy (7 June 1938 -- 23 March 2012) was a Hungarian football player and coach, active primarily in Switzerland.	Péter Pázmándy	Switzerland
country of citizenship	D. Paio Peres Correia, a notable medieval Portuguese Christian conqueror of the Reconquista, who was born c. 1205, in Monte de Fralães, parish of Barcelos in Portugal.	Paio Peres Correia	Portugal
country of citizenship	Alcides González (born in Tres Lagunas (Formosa), Argentina) is an Argentine soccer player for Ferrocarril Midland of the Primera C in Argentina.	Alcides González	Argentina
country of citizenship	Robert Alan Clay (born 2 October 1946), known as Bob Clay, is a left-wing politician, formerly Labour MP, in the United Kingdom.	Bob Clay	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	George Carey was born on 13 November 1935 in the East End of London in the United Kingdom.	George Carey	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Djibo Bakary (1922--1998) was a socialist politician and important figure in the independence movement of Niger.	Djibo Bakary	Niger
country of citizenship	Jacques Perret was a French architect in the service of the Catholic King Henry IV of France.	Jacques Perret	France
country of citizenship	Born Yosefa Dahari, she lives in Israel.	Yosefa Dahari	Israel
country of citizenship	Jesús María Sanz-Serna (born 12 June 1953 in Valladolid, Spain) is a mathematician who specializes in applied mathematics.	Jesús María Sanz-Serna	Spain
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Plagge (born 23 August 1960 in Oslo, Norway by Dutch parents) is a Norwegian composer and pianist.	Wolfgang Plagge	Norway
country of citizenship	Peter Taptuna (born 1956) is a Canadian politician serving as the third and current Premier of Nunavut, the largest territory in Northern Canada.	Peter Taptuna	Canada
country of citizenship	Oliver Sean Plunket (born 9 September 1964) is a New Zealand broadcast journalist.	Sean Plunket	New Zealand
country of citizenship	James McGill Strachan (July 1, 1808 -- January 22, 1870) was a lawyer, business and political figure in Canada West.	James McGill Strachan	Canada
country of citizenship	Nontapan Jeansatawong (Thai: นนทพันธ์ เจียรสถาวงศ์, born September 2, 1982) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Nontapan Jeansatawong	Thailand
country of citizenship	Wing Commander Mohammed Ndatsu Umaru was a Military Governor of Kwara State, Nigeria from August 1985 to December 1987, and then of Kano State from December 1987 to July 1988 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Mohammed Ndatsu Umaru	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Daníel Bjarnason (born 26 February 1979) is a composer and conductor from Iceland.	Daníel Bjarnason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Tetsuro Nariyama (成山 哲郎 born November 21, 1947) was born in Yamadera, Yamagata Prefecture and is a Japanese aikido teacher, the technical director of the Shodokan Aikido Federation and chief instructor (Shihan) of the Shodokan Hombu Dojo in Osaka, Japan.	Tetsuro Nariyama	Japan
country of citizenship	Grigol Mgaloblishvili (Georgian: გრიგოლ მგალობლიშვილი, pronounced (ɡriɡɔl mɡalɔbliʃvili); born 7 October 1973) is a Georgian politician and diplomat who has been Georgia's Permanent Representative to NATO since 26 June 2009.	Grigol Mgaloblishvili	Georgia
country of citizenship	Azem Bejta (1889--1924), commonly known as Azem Galica, was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania.	Azem Galica	Albania
country of citizenship	Rune Lorentsen (born October 8, 1961 in Tromsoe, Norway) is a Norwegian wheelchair curler.	Rune Lorentsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Grace Bawden (born 7 October 1992) is an Australian classical crossover singer, who has been dubbed ``Australia's greatest operatic discovery'', after becoming the Judge's Choice Grand Finalist on the TV talent show Australia's Got Talent in 2008.	Grace Bawden	Australia
country of citizenship	Annika Larsson (Stockholm, Sweden, 1972) is a contemporary artist living in Berlin.	Annika Larsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Haken (born June 21, 1928 in Berlin, Germany) is a mathematician who specializes in topology, in particular 3-manifolds.	Wolfgang Haken	Germany
country of citizenship	Cornelis Adriaan Lobry van Troostenburg de Bruyn (1 January 1857 -- 23 July 1904) was a chemist from the Netherlands.	Cornelis Adriaan Lobry van Troostenburg de Bruyn	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Swami Prakashanand Saraswati or Swamiji (Hindi: स्वामी प्रकाशानंद सरस्वती) (born 1929) is a convicted felon and child molester, spiritual leader, social reformer and award winning author from Ayodhya, India who founded Radha Madhav Dham in the United States.	Prakashanand Saraswati	India
country of citizenship	Born in Enugu, Nigeria on March 1, 1980, Anthony Njokuani and his family immigrated to the United States in 1983, settling in Garland, Texas.	Anthony Njokuani	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Hare Te Rangi is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand Māori at the 2000 World Cup.	Hare Te Rangi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Beppe Costa (born Concetto Costa, on 25 August 1941, Catania, Italy) is an Italian poet, novelist and publisher.	Beppe Costa	Italy
country of citizenship	Katarzyna Pełczyńska-Nałęcz (born October 26, 1970, Warsaw) is the Ambassador of Poland to Russia, who succeeded Wojciech Zajączkowski in the fall of 2014.	Katarzyna Pełczyńska-Nałęcz	Poland
country of citizenship	Pankaj Mishra (Paṅkaja Miśrā; born 1969, Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh, India) is an Indian essayist and novelist and a recipient of the 2014 Windham--	Pankaj Mishra	India
country of citizenship	Germán Cardona Gutiérrez (born 28 December 1956) is a Colombian politician who served as the 9th Minister of Transport of Colombia in the Administration of President Juan Manuel Santos Calderón from 2010 to 2012.	Germán Cardona Gutiérrez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Javier Martínez Resendiz (born January 10, 1988 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and the current WBC International Silver Minimumweight Champion.	Javier Martínez Resendiz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Arnold Vinnius (4 January 1588, Monster -- 1 September 1657, Leiden) was one of the leading jurists of the 17th century in the Netherlands.	Arnold Vinnius	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ashtech (born Andrea Nicoletti, December 15, 1973, Italy) is an Italian producer, bass player and solo artist.	Ashtech	Italy
country of citizenship	Robin McAuley (born 20 January 1953, County Meath, Ireland) is an Irish rock vocalist known mostly for his work in McAuley Schenker Group and before that Grand Prix with whom he recorded two albums.	Robin McAuley	Ireland
country of citizenship	Praveen D Rao is a noted Indian Music director and a lyricist for Kannada language Songs with an International Reputation based in Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	Praveen D Rao	India
country of citizenship	Elias Charalambous (Greek: Ηλίας Χαραλάμπους; born 25 September 1980) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a left back for AEK Larnaca and the Cyprus national football team.	Elias Charalambous	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Tim Selwyn (born 1974, Takapuna) is a New Zealand political activist who was found guilty of sedition on 8 June 2006, the first person charged with sedition in New Zealand for more than 30 years.	Tim Selwyn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jiří Granát (born 28 January 1955) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia.	Jiří Granát	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Maya Vik (born February 12, 1980) is a ``Norwegian Grammy'' (Spellemannprisen) winning singer, songwriter, and bass player from Norway.	Maya Vik	Norway
country of citizenship	Angelo Bollano Bisio (6 July 1918 -- 1978) was an Italian football player who played in Italy for Sampierdarenese, Liguria, AC Milan, Fiorentina and Spezia, as well as for Marseille in France and Real Murcia in Spain.	Angelo Bollano	Italy
country of citizenship	Servant of God Rhoel Gallardo, C.M.F., (29 November 1965 -- 3 May 2000) was a Roman Catholic Claretian missionary martyred in Basilan, the Philippines.	Rhoel Gallardo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Mutaz Kailouni (Arabic: معتز كيلوني‎; born 10 March 1985 in Latakia, Syria) is a Syrian footballer.	Mutaz Kailouni	Syria
country of citizenship	Jöns Gerekesson (as Archbishop Latinized to Johannes Gerechini, also Jón Gerreksson) (died 1433) was a controversial Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden 1408--1421, and of Iceland 1426--1433 until he was drowned.	Jöns Gerekesson	Sweden	Iceland
country of citizenship	Felix Landau (May 21, 1910, Vienna, Austria - 1983), was a SS Hauptscharführer, a member of an Einsatzkommando during World War II, based first in Lwów, Poland (today Lviv, Ukraine), and later in Drohobycz.	Felix Landau	Austria
country of citizenship	Taies Farzan is an Iranian-German film actress who was born in Iran and thereafter moved to Germany with her parents at early age of 14.	Taies Farzan	Germany
country of citizenship	Athanasios Miaoulis (Greek: Αθανάσιος Μιαούλης, 1815 -- 7 June 1867) was a Greek military officer and prime Minister of Greece.	Athanasios Miaoulis	Greece
country of citizenship	Patricia Hekia Parata (born 1 November 1958) is a New Zealand politician and member of the House of Representatives of New Zealand, having been elected to parliament in the 2008 general election.	Hekia Parata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ines Diers (born 2 November 1963 in Rochlitz) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany.	Ines Diers	East Germany
country of citizenship	Bree Robertson (born 6 July 1982 in Gosford, New South Wales, Australia) is an actress, fashion model and contortionist who represented Australia in rhythmic gymnastics and was one of the country's top elite international gymnasts.	Bree Robertson	Australia
country of citizenship	Marko V. Jaric (Марко Вукобрат Јарић, born March 17, 1952 in Belgrade, Serbia; died October 25, 1997 in College Station, Texas) was a Serbian-American physicist.	Marko V. Jaric	Serbia
country of citizenship	Robert William Hugh O'Neill, 1st Baron Rathcavan PC PC (Ire) DL (8 June 1883 -- 28 November 1982), known as Sir Hugh O'Neill, Bt, from 1929 to 1953, was an Ulster Unionist member of both the Parliament of the United Kingdom and the Parliament of Northern Ireland.	Hugh O'Neill, 1st Baron Rathcavan	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Grisha Ivanov (Bulgarian: Гриша Иванов; born 16 January 1985) is a football striker from the Bulgaria currently playing for Brestnik 1948.	Grisha Ivanov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Carmen Ramírez Degollado (born 1940, Xalapa) is an internationally recognized expert on traditional Mexican food, head of the El Bajío restaurants located in Mexico City.	Carmen Ramírez Degollado	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lev Polugaevsky was born in Mogilev in the Soviet Union (now Mahilyow, Belarus).	Lev Polugaevsky	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Yassamin Maleknasr (also spelt Yasman Malek-Nasr, born 19 May 1955 Tehran, Iran) is an internationally acclaimed Iranian filmmaker and actress.	Yassamin Maleknasr	Iran
country of citizenship	Gregorio Aglipay Cruz y Labayan (Latin: Gregorius Aglipay; 5 May 1860 -- 1 September 1940) was a former Catholic priest who became the first head of the Iglesia Filipina Independiente, an independent Catholic Church in the form of a national church in the Philippines.	Gregorio Aglipay	Philippines
country of citizenship	Grega Benedik (born May 11, 1962) is a former Slovenian alpine skier who represented Yugoslavia at the Olympics in 1984 in Sarajevo and 1988 in Calgary.	Grega Benedik	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Kjell Inge Røkke (born 25 October 1958 in Molde) is a Norwegian businessman and among the richest people in Norway, controlling the Norwegian company Aker Solutions.	Kjell Inge Røkke	Norway
country of citizenship	Daniel Mojsov was already a Macedonian under-21 international when he made his debut for the Macedonia national football team as a second-half substitute in a friendly against Montenegro on 19 November 2008.	Daniel Mojsov	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Ivanovich Laktionov Александр Иванович Лактионов (16 May 1910 -- 15 March 1972) was a Socialist realism painter in the post-war Soviet Union.	Aleksandr Ivanovich Laktionov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Robert Mitford Pinder (December 14, 1890 -- 1946) was a pharmacist, entrepreneur and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Robert Mitford Pinder	Canada
country of citizenship	Monika Niederstätter (born 2 March 1974 in Merano, Italy) is a former 400 m hurdler (near the end of her career she switched to 400 metres), that won four medals at the International athletics competitions.	Monika Niederstätter	Italy
country of citizenship	Bastian Kolmsee (born 11 March 1981 in Engelskirchen, Germany) is a German racing driver who won the 2004 German Formula 3 Championship.	Bastian Kolmsee	Germany
country of citizenship	Sigmar Berg (born 1975, Austria) is an artist, photographer, and fashion designer best known for founding +Beryll in Los Angeles, California in 2006.	Sigmar Berg	Austria
country of citizenship	Jacob Pins was born in Höxter, Germany, the son of Dr Leo Pins, a veterinarian, and his wife Ida Lipper.	Jacob Pins	Germany
country of citizenship	Dodë Gjergji was born on in Stubëll, SFR Yugoslavia (modern Kosovo).	Dodë Gjergji	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Richal Leitoe (born 19 April 1983 in Willemstad, Curaçao, in the former Netherlands Antilles) is a former football player who last played for Excelsior Maassluis in the Dutch Topklasse.	Richal Leitoe	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Elena Carrión de la Lastra (born August 3, 1970) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from Spain, who represented her native country at two consecutive Olympic Games: in 1996 and 2000.	Elena Carrión	Spain
country of citizenship	Henry Chidley Reynolds (1849--1925) was a New Zealand farm manager, butter manufacturer and exporter.	Henry Chidley Reynolds	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gloria Karamañites born Panama City, (Panamá), is a Panamanian beauty pageant contestant winner of the Miss Panamá 1980 title.	Gloria Karamañites	Panama
country of citizenship	Alexander Paterson O'Shea (29 December 1902 -- 24 December 1990) was a New Zealand shepherd, clerk, farmers'' union leader, political lobbyist and meat industry representative.	Alexander Paterson O'Shea	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Uriah Grant (born January 20, 1961, in St. Andrew, Jamaica) was a professional boxer who held the IBF Cruiserweight Title.	Uriah Grant	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Blanche Christine Olschak was born on 24 July 1913 in Vienna, Austria to Austro-Hungarian parents, Joseph Olschak and Lilly Helene Büchelen.	Blanche Christine Olschak	Austria
country of citizenship	Andrew of Perugia (Latin name: Andreas Perusinus) was a Franciscan friar and Bishop born in Perugia, Italy, and active in China in the 14th century.	Andrew of Perugia	Italy
country of citizenship	Dr. Bernardo Benes Baikowitz (born 27 December 1934 in Matanzas, Cuba) is a prominent Jewish Cuban lawyer, banker, journalist and civic leader, who was responsible for freeing 3,600 Cuban political prisoners in 1978.	Bernardo Benes	Cuba
country of citizenship	Philip Tiju Abraham is a young magician from Kerala, India.	Philip Tiju Abraham	India
country of citizenship	Air Marshal Hugh Lester Campbell, CBE, CD (July 13, 1908 - May 25, 1987) was a senior commander in the Royal Canadian Air Force and then a politician for Northwest Territories, Canada.	Hugh Lester Campbell	Canada
country of citizenship	Henri Frenay Sandoval, more commonly known as Henri Frenay, was born in Lyon, France on 11 November 1905, into a Catholic family with a military tradition.	Henri Frenay	France
country of citizenship	Takashi Yuasa (湯浅 卓, Yuasa Takashi, born on November 24, 1955 in Tokyo) is a Japanese lawyer (admitted in Washington D.C., but not in Japan) and television personality.	Takashi Yuasa	Japan
country of citizenship	Innocent Anyanwu (born 25 September 1982) is a Dutch professional boxer from Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Innocent Anyanwu	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Zvi Kolitz, a son of a prominent rabbinical family, was born in Alytus, Lithuania.	Zvi Kolitz	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Jeremy Redmore (born c.1985) is a New Zealand entertainer and musician, and a former member of the band Midnight Youth.	Jeremy Redmore	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jean Ancel (1940 -- 30 April 2008) was a Romanian-born Israeli author and historian; with specialty in the history of the Jews in Romania between the two World wars, and the Holocaust of the Jews of Romania.	Jean Ancel	Romania
country of citizenship	Datuk Latt Shariman Abdullah is the Special Function Officer to the Dato' Seri Najib Bin Tun Abdul Razak, Prime Minister of Malaysia.	Latt Shariman Abdullah	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Urszula Kielan (born 10 October 1960 in Otwock, Mazowieckie) is a retired high jumper from Poland.	Urszula Kielan	Poland
country of citizenship	Kęstutis Bartkėnas is a paralympic athlete from Lithuania competing mainly in category T11 distance running events.	Kęstutis Bartkėnas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Susan McKeown was born on February 6, 1967 to John Ryan and Jane Ann (Jeannie) McKeown in Terenure, Dublin, Ireland.	Susan McKeown	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mariano Montealegre Bustamante (1783, Guatemala City - 1843) was the first diplomat and first vice head of state of Costa Rica.	Mariano Montealegre Bustamante	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Georg Lassen (12 May 1915 -- 18 January 2012) was a German U-boat commander who served with Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II rising to the rank of Korvettenkapitän (corvette captain) .	Georg Lassen	Germany
country of citizenship	Rocco Buttiglione was born in Gallipoli, Apulia, on the ``heel'' of Italy He studied law in Turin and Rome and became a Professor of political science at Saint Pius V University in Rome.	Rocco Buttiglione	Italy
country of citizenship	Melinda Copp (born July 7, 1962), later known by her married name Melinda Harrison, is a former competitive swimmer from Canada.	Melinda Copp	Canada
country of citizenship	Michael John Victor Shaver (1918-2001), known as Jack Shaver, was a theologian and clergyman of the United Church of Canada.	Jack Shaver	Canada
country of citizenship	Carlos Inzillo (born December 15, 1944) is a jazz musician, producer and historian from Argentina.	Carlos Inzillo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Michael Kleiner was born in Munich, Germany, and immigrated to Israel with his family in 1951.	Michael Kleiner	Israel
country of citizenship	Nur Atikah Nabilah (born 27 November 1991, Singapore), is a young gymnast.	Nur Atikah Nabilah	Singapore
country of citizenship	Jacob Muschong or Iacob Muschong (born 1868, Nagykikinda, Austria-Hungary - died December 13, 1923, Lugoj, Romania) was an ethnic German industrialist who made a fortune producing bricks.	Jacob Muschong	Romania
country of citizenship	Svitlana Maziy (Ukrainian: Світлана Іванівна Мазій; born January 30, 1968 in Kiev) is a retired rower from Ukraine, who twice won an Olympic medal during her career.	Svitlana Maziy	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Agba Otikpo Mézodé is a politician and diplomat from the Central African Republic.	Agba Otikpo Mézodé	Central African Republic
country of citizenship	Liu Wencai is considered one of the most colorful figures in the Sichuan province during the Republic of China (1912--49) period.	Liu Wencai	China
country of citizenship	Dr Dharanidhar Sahu (born 1948) is an English writer from India.	Dharanidhar Sahu	India
country of citizenship	Claudine André, (born 6 November 1946 in La Hestre, Hainaut Province, Belgium), is a Belgian conservationist.	Claudine André	Belgium
country of citizenship	Parviz Jabehdar Maralani is an Iranian university engineering professor and fellow of the Academy of Sciences of Iran.	Parviz Jabehdar Maralani	Iran
country of citizenship	David Axmark, born 28 May 1962 in Sweden, is one of the founders of MySQL AB and a developer of the free database server, MySQL.	David Axmark	Sweden
country of citizenship	Achinoam Nini (Hebrew: אחינועם ניני; Aẖinóʻam Nini; born June 23, 1969; known outside of Israel as Noa), is an Israeli singer of Yemenite background.	Achinoam Nini	Israel
country of citizenship	Lenyeletse Seretse (25 June 1920 -- 3 January 1983) was Vice-President of Botswana from 1980 until his death on 3 January 1983.	Lenyeletse Seretse	Botswana
country of citizenship	Johanna Charlotte Wessels (born 13 May 1987) is a Dutch singer-songwriter who was born in Zwolle, Netherlands.	Charlotte Wessels	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Yvonne Mokgoro (born 19 October 1950) is a former justice of the Constitutional Court of South Africa.	Yvonne Mokgoro	South Africa
country of citizenship	Christoph Hofinger (* 1967 in Innsbruck) is researcher and political consultant in Austria.	Christoph Hofinger	Austria
country of citizenship	Ahmad Sharbini (Arabic: أحمد الشربيني‎; born 21 February 1984) is a Croatian footballer who currently plays for NK Rječina in Croatia's fifth tier.	Ahmad Sharbini	Croatia
country of citizenship	Paramjeet Kaur, (born 2 April 1976, in Meerut, Uttar Pradesh) is an international athlete settled in Rajasthan, India.	Paramjeet Kaur	India
country of citizenship	Rajiah Simon, is a Professor of Physics at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai, India.	Rajiah Simon	India
country of citizenship	Yuriy Protasov (Ukrainian: Юрій Протасов, born April 23, 1984 in the Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a rally driver from Ukraine.	Yuriy Protasov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Carlos Newton was born in Anguilla and moved to Canada at a young age.	Carlos Newton	Canada
country of citizenship	Fawzia Mohamed (Arabic: فوزية محمد‎; born 1983 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian beauty queen and model.	Fawzia Mohamed	Egypt
country of citizenship	Martín de Rada (Pamplona, Navarre, Spain June 30, 1533 - South China Sea, June 1578; also known as Herrada) was one of the first members of the Order of Saint Augustine to evangelize the Philippines, as well as one of the first Christian missionaries to visit Ming China.	Martín de Rada	Spain
country of citizenship	Prior to coming to Canada, Deweare moved to Brussels and recorded some material under the name Franck Marx, on the same label as Belgian rock band dEUS.	Deweare	Canada
country of citizenship	Salman Sabah Al-Salem Al-Homoud Al-Sabah (born 1 October 1960) is the Minister of Information and Minister of State for Youth Affairs in Kuwait.	Salman Sabah Al-Salem Al-Homoud Al-Sabah	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Karoon Sai-ngam (Thai: การุณ ใสงาม), born 1 October 1952, politician, is a former Senator of the Kingdom of Thailand.	Karoon Sai-ngam	Thailand
country of citizenship	Simon Hollósy was born in 1857 in Máramarossziget, Hungary (present-day Sighetu Marmaţiei, Romania).	Simon Hollósy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Carmen Dalli (born 1959) is a New Zealand education academic specialising in early childhood education.	Carmen Dalli	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kareen Zebroff (born 1941 in Windsbach, Germany) is a Canadian-based author, actor and television host specialising in yoga.	Kareen Zebroff	Germany
country of citizenship	Domingo Jonhy Vega Urzúa (December 24, 1977, Arica, Chile), commonly known as Américo, is a Chilean singer.	Américo	Chile
country of citizenship	Professor Lino Briguglio directs the Islands and Small States Institute and the Gozo Centre of the University of Malta.	Lino Briguglio	Malta
country of citizenship	Daniel A. Keim is a German computer scientist and full professor (Chair of Information Processing) in the Computer Science department at the University of Konstanz, Germany.	Daniel A. Keim	Germany
country of citizenship	Ramadan Yasser Abdel Ghaffar (Arabic: ياسر رمضان عبد الغفار‎; born July 19, 1980 in Gharbîya el-Saqriya, Al-Wadi Al-Jadid) is a boxer from Egypt.	Ramadan Yasser	Egypt
country of citizenship	Ajagbusi Ekun was a traditional ruler of Owo Kingdom, Ondo state, southwestern Nigeria.	Ajagbusi Ekun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Damon Odey (born 17 May 1971) is the current mayor of the New Zealand town of Timaru.	Damon Odey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Candee Jay (born Ilze Lankhaar on 1 September 1981 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch electronica artist.	Candee Jay	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Alfred Montagne (20 June 1881 -- 26 February 1963) was a French general who commanded the XV Corps during the Battle of France (1940).	Alfred Montagne	France
country of citizenship	Clímaco Calderón Reyes (1852-- 1913) was a Colombian lawyer, lawyer and politician, who became President of Colombia for one day, following the death of President Francisco Javier Zaldúa.	Clímaco Calderón	Colombia
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Baumgartner graduated from the College of Architecture of Mexico's National University and has diplomas in interior design from the UNAM's College of Architecture, Art History from Berkley University in California, and a postgraduate degree in Industrial Design from Domus Academy in Milan.	Juan Carlos Baumgartner	Mexico
country of citizenship	AMFJ is a power noise musician from Reykjavík, Iceland.	AMFJ	Iceland
country of citizenship	Hunan Avetisyan was born to an Armenian family in Tsav, a village of the Armenian Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire (now in Syunik Province, Republic of Armenia) on 2 May 1913.	Hunan Avetisyan	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Cartel de Santa is a Mexican band from the ``barrio de la Aurora'', Santa Catarina, Nuevo León, Mexico.	Cartel de Santa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Burda is the CEO and owner of Hubert Burda Media, publishing more than 250 magazines inside and outside Germany, including Focus and Bunte.	Hubert Burda	Germany
country of citizenship	Teoti Kerei Te Hioirangi Te Whaiti (1890--1964) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, farmer and community leader.	Teoti Kerei Te Hioirangi Te Whaiti	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Oliver Ressler (b. 1970 in Knittelfeld in Austria) lives and works in Vienna.	Oliver Ressler	Austria
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Malpasso (born 1972, Lentini, Italy) is an Italian film maker.	Giuseppe Malpasso	Italy
country of citizenship	In 1997, Dolores Puthod was guest of honor with Carla Fracci the first Florence Biennale of Art. A major retrospective of his work was organized in 2005 at Villa Mazzotti of Chiari, under the patronage of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers of Italy.	Dolores Puthod	Italy
country of citizenship	Lech Bądkowski (January 24, 1920 in Toruń, Poland -- February 24, 1984 in Gdańsk) - Polish writer, journalist, publicist and Kashubian-Pomeranian activist, promoter of regional history and culture, co-founder and leader of the Kashubian-Pomeranian Association, opponent of the Communist rules in postwar Poland.	Lech Bądkowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Catholicos Baselios Paulose II (born as Puthusseril Joseph Paulose in Kandanad, India 12 June 1914 -- died 1 September 1996) was the second Catholicos/Maphrian of the Malankara Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church (Syriac Orthodox Church of India).	Baselios Paulose II	India
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Latorre Carmona (born March 25, 1949 in Santiago) is a Chilean politician, current deputy president of the Republic and leader of his party, the Christian Democrat Party of Chile.	Juan Carlos Latorre	Chile
country of citizenship	Martin van Meytens (June 24, 1695 -- March 23, 1770) was a Dutch-Swedish painter who painted members of the Royal Court of Austria such as Marie Antoinette, Maria Theresa of Austria, Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor, the Emperor's family and others.	Martin van Meytens	Austria
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Bushkov was born in the ancient city of Minusinsk, which is located Krasnoyarsk Krai, Siberia, Russia, on April 5, 1956.	Aleksandr Bushkov	Russia
country of citizenship	Albert Henry Landseer (10 February 1829 -- 27 August 1906) was a businessman and politician in the early days of the colony of South Australia.	Albert Henry Landseer	Australia
country of citizenship	Kim Churchill (born in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia on 26 September 1990) is an Australian folk, rock, and blues singer, songwriter, and musician.	Kim Churchill	Australia
country of citizenship	Dinesh Chandra Joarder Is a Communist Party of India (Marxist) politician, who has served on both the trade union and kisan fronts.	Dinesh Chandra Joarder	India
country of citizenship	Shahram Gholami was born in Tehran, Iran, in 1974 and began studying oud and traditional Persian music at the age of 20.	Shahram Gholami	Iran
country of citizenship	Daniela Romo (born Teresa Presmanes Corona on August 27, 1959 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican singer, actress and TV hostess.	Daniela Romo	Mexico
country of citizenship	NSND Phạm Quý Dương (Hải Dương, 1937 - 28 June 2011 at Hanoi) was a Vietnamese classical singer, and vocal coach at the Vietnam National Academy of Music.	Quý Dương	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Jens Blauenfeldt (born 16 January 1968 in Copenhagen) is a television actor as well as a screenwriter and director for Denmark's national broadcasting channel Danmarks Radio (DR).	Jens Blauenfeldt	Denmark
country of citizenship	Anna Bader (born 12 December 1983 in Mutlangen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) is a German high diver.	Anna Bader	Germany
country of citizenship	Arne Groh (1962 in Seghorn, Germany) is a German sculptor living in Kassel, Germany.	Arne Groh	Germany
country of citizenship	Nada Mamula (9 January 1927 -- 11 October 2001) was a Serbian singer, born during the time of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Nada Mamula	Kingdom of Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Jorge Fernández-Trevejo Rivas (born in Havana, Cuba on August 6, 1949) is a Cuban artist, painter, and caricaturist.	Jorge Fernández-Trevejo Rivas	Cuba
country of citizenship	Alessandro Figà Talamanca (born in Rome, 25 May 1938) is one of the most important living Italian mathematicians: he has been given several prestigious tasks, both in Italy and abroad.	Alessandro Figà Talamanca	Italy
country of citizenship	Lenin Raghuvanshi is a Dalit rights activist from India.	Lenin Raghuvanshi	India
country of citizenship	Ngoia Pollard Napaltjarri (born c. 1948; also known as Ngnoia) is a Walpiri-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region.	Ngoia Pollard Napaltjarri	Australia
country of citizenship	David Martijn Westerholt (born 30 March 1979 in Waddinxveen, Netherlands) is the cofounder (along with Charlotte Wessels), keyboardist, and the main songwriter of the Dutch symphonic metal band Delain.	Martijn Westerholt	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ahmad Reihan (Persian: احمد ريحان ‎, born May 30, 1965 in Isfahan, Iran) is an Iranian portrait photographer.	Ahmad Reihan	Iran
country of citizenship	Jacques Vaillant, French singer born on 8 June 1952 in Strasbourg (Alsace, France).	Jacques Vaillant	France
country of citizenship	Gelson Domingos da Silva (.ca 1965 - 6 November 2011), a Brazilian camera operator for the Rede Bandeirantes TV network, died while covering a drug bust in Rio de Janeiro as the government of Brazil prepared for its hosting of Olympics.	Gelson Domingos da Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Nebojša Stefanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Стефановић, pronounced (nɛ̌bɔːjʃa stɛfǎːnɔʋitɕ), born 20 November 1976 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician and former President of the National Assembly of Serbia.	Nebojša Stefanović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Rahman Gumbo (sometimes referred to as Allen Gumbo) is a former Zimbabwean international football player and the current manager of the Zimbabwe national football team.	Rahman Gumbo	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Koorosh Modaressi is the founder, general secretary of the central committee and leader (as of 2008) of the Worker-Communist Party of Iran - Hekmatist.	Koorosh Modaressi	Iran
country of citizenship	Gunter Jahn (27 September 1910 -- 12 April 1992) was German U-boat commander during World War II. He was born in Hamburg, Germany and began his naval career in April 1931 as a Seekadett.	Gunter Jahn	Germany
country of citizenship	Anise Arsalon Khoshmashrab (born 20 February 1985) is an Australian recording artist, record producer, and songwriter known by his stage name Anise K. In 2012 he was signed to Sony Music Australia and is now currently signed with Cobalt Music.	Anise K	Australia
country of citizenship	Ann Lislegaard (born 1962 in Norway) is a contemporary artist living and working in Copenhagen, Denmark and New York, US.	Ann Lislegaard	Norway
country of citizenship	Alberto Nepomuceno was born in the city of Fortaleza, capital of the state of Ceará in northeastern Brazil.	Alberto Nepomuceno	Brazil
country of citizenship	Muzaffar Warsi (Urdu: مظفروارثی‎) (born 23 December 1933 in Meerath, British India, died 28 January 2011) was a prominent Urdu poet, critic, essayist, a lyricist par excellence, and a scholar of Pakistan.	Muzaffar Warsi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Éric Thériault (born 1967 in Trois-Rivières, Quebec) is a Canadian comics artist, writer, illustrator and blogger living in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Éric Thériault	Canada
country of citizenship	Tapio Kangasniemi (born March 7, 1979) is a former professional volleyball player from Finland.	Tapio Kangasniemi	Finland
country of citizenship	He was born in Arnprior, Renfrew County, Canada West, the son of James Hartney, a native of Ireland, and Elizabeth Harvey, and was educated in Pakenham.	James Hartney	Canada
country of citizenship	Hope Uzodinma is a Nigerian politician who was elected Senator for the Imo West constituency of Imo State, Nigeria, in the April 2011 federal elections.	Hope Uzodinma	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Keith Hanley (born August 15, 1993) is an Irish singer from Charleville, County Cork and the winner of The Voice of Ireland series 2 on April 28, 2013.	Keith Hanley	Ireland
country of citizenship	Andrés González Díaz (born 7 July 1955) is the Permanent Representative of Colombia to the Organization of American States since 2012.	Andrés González Díaz	Colombia
country of citizenship	Conrad Schmidt (born 1969) is a social activist, filmmaker and writer living in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada who is best known for his role in founding the Work Less Party of British Columbia and for creating the internationally known World Naked Bike Ride protest.	Conrad Schmidt	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter Gric or Petr Gric (born 1968) is Austrian painter, drawer and illustrator originally from Czech Republic.	Peter Gric	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Luis Bordón was a musician and composer of Paraguay and interpreter of the Paraguayan harp.	Luis Bordón	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Aaron Ayers (1836 -- 16 September 1900) arrived in Christchurch, New Zealand from England as a newly married man in his mid 20s.	Aaron Ayers	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peder Vognsen (died 11 April 1204) was bishop of Aarhus, Denmark, from 1191.	Peder Vognsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Anil Aggrawal M.D. (Hindi: अनिल अग्रवाल) (born August 17, 1956) is a professor of forensic medicine at the Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi, India.	Anil Aggrawal	India
country of citizenship	John Rigby Hale was born 17 September 1923 in Ashford, Kent, in the United Kingdom.	John Rigby Hale	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Garth Knox (born 8 October 1956 in Dublin, Ireland) is a violist who specializes in contemporary classical music, and new music.	Garth Knox	Ireland
country of citizenship	Umberto Mozzoni was born in Buenos Aires, but his family later moved to Macerata, Italy.	Umberto Mozzoni	Italy
country of citizenship	Il-yeon (or Iryeon) (1206--1289) was a Buddhist monk and All-Enlightened National Preceptor (보각국사, 普覺國師) during the Goryeo Dynasty of Korea.	Il-yeon	Korea
country of citizenship	Almudena Cid Tostado (born June 15, 1980 in Vitoria, Spain) is an Individual Spanish Rhythmic Gymnast.	Almudena Cid Tostado	Spain
country of citizenship	Gian Franco Reverberi (born in 1934 in Genoa, Italy) is an Italian composer and musician.	Gian Franco Reverberi	Italy
country of citizenship	José Artur Barbosa de Oliveira or simply Artur (October 22, 1984 in Ibititá, Brazil) is a Brazilian football player, currently playing for Figueirense.	Artur Barbosa de Oliveira	Brazil
country of citizenship	Marissa Delgado is an actress from the Philippines of American descent.	Marissa Delgado	Philippines
country of citizenship	Carlo Rovelli (born 3 May 1956) is an Italian theoretical physicist and writer who has worked in Italy and the USA, and currently works in France.	Carlo Rovelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Mircan Kaia (Mircan Kaya) is a musician and an engineer from Turkey with her roots in Georgia who has produced several albums and directed and coordinated international engineering projects.	Mircan Kaia	Turkey
country of citizenship	T. R. Zeliang (born 21 February 1952) is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Nagaland, a state in northeast India, since 2014.	T. R. Zeliang	India
country of citizenship	Mohammad Sadegh Barani (Persian: محمدصادق بارانی‎‎, December 9, 1991) is an Iranian football Midfielder who currently plays for Paykan in Iran's Premier Football League.	Mohammad Sadegh Barani	Iran
country of citizenship	Hans Jacob Højgaard (11 September 1904, Toftir, Faroe Islands -- 10 June 1992 Tórshavn Faroe Islands), teacher and choir leader, he was one of the most productive composers in the Faroe Islands in the 20th century.	Hans Jacob Højgaard	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Aldo Dolcetti (born October 23, 1966 in Salò, Brescia Province, Italy) is an Italian footballer manager and former player.	Aldo Dolcetti	Italy
country of citizenship	José María Hurtado Ruiz-Tagle (b. Santiago, March 5, 1945) is a Chilean politician; member of the National Renewal (RN) party, Hurtado Ruiz-Tagle was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile between 1990 and 1998.	José María Hurtado Ruiz-Tagle	Chile
country of citizenship	Thomas William Downes (18 February 1868--6 August 1938) was a New Zealand historian, ethnologist and river works supervisor.	Thomas William Downes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Harbi al-Himyari (Arabic: حربي الحميري‎ Ḥarbī al-Ḥimyarī), was an Arab scholar from Yemen, who lived between the 7th and 8th century AD.	Harbi al-Himyari	Yemen
country of citizenship	Eric Beach (born 1947), is a New Zealand and Australian poet, playwright, and short story writer.	Eric Beach	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Margaret Gordon Burn (22 March 1825--8 December 1918) was a New Zealand teacher and school principal.	Margaret Gordon Burn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sabine Quindou is a journalist, well known from the educational TV show C'est pas sorcier that she presented with Jamy Gourmaud and Frédéric Courant, a production of the channel France 3.	Sabine Quindou	France
country of citizenship	Pascual Baburizza (also known as Pasquale baburizza or Pasko Baburiča) (Calamotta, Austro-Hungarian Empire, now Koločep, Croatia, 1875-- Los Andes, Chile, 1941) was a Croatian italo-damatian businessman established in Chile during the late 19th and 20th century.	Pascual Baburizza	Chile
country of citizenship	Mahama Ayariga (born 24 May 1974) is a lawyer and politician in Ghana.	Mahama Ayariga	Ghana
country of citizenship	Joan Ørting is married to author Carsten Islington and lives at Langeland in southern Denmark.	Joan Ørting	Denmark
country of citizenship	Günter Pilz (born 1945 in Bad Hall, Upper Austria) is Professor of Mathematics at the Johannes Kepler University (JKU) Linz.	Günter Pilz	Austria
country of citizenship	Richard Burmeister (born 1860 in Hamburg, Germany, died 1944) was a German-American composer and pianist active in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Richard Burmeister	Germany
country of citizenship	Jogen Chowdhury (born 16 February 1939) is an eminent Indian painter and considered an important painter of 21st century India.	Jogen Chowdhury	India
country of citizenship	Edmon Marukyan (Armenian: Էդմոն Մարուքյան) is an Armenian lawyer, who was elected member of the National Assembly in May 2012 from the 30th electoral district, which includes the third largest city of Armenia, Vanadzor, and two nearby villages of Gugark and Shahumyan in Lori Province.	Edmon Marukyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Rogério Skylab (Rogerio Tolomei Teixeira), born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 1958, is a Brazilian vocalist, composer and poet, graduated in literature and philosophy.	Rogério Skylab	Brazil
country of citizenship	Blessed Mercedes de Jesús Molina (Maria Mercedes de Jesus Molina y Ayala; 24 September 1828 - 12 June 1883) is a Roman Catholic blessed from Baba, Ecuador.	Mercedes de Jesús Molina	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Aloïs Michielsen (born Turnhout, Belgium, 6 January 1942) is a Belgian businessman.	Aloïs Michielsen	Belgium
country of citizenship	Julie Ordon (born June 27, 1984) is a Swiss model and actress born in Geneva, Switzerland.	Julie Ordon	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Professor Deborah Doniach MD FRCP (born 6 April 1912, Geneva, Switzerland - died 1 January 2004, London, England, UK) was a distinguished clinical immunologist and pioneer in the field of autoimmune diseases.	Deborah Doniach	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Alessandro Calvi (born February 1, 1983 in Voghera) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy, who was a member of team that won the silver medal in the men's 4×100 metres freestyle relay at the 2007 World Championships.	Alessandro Calvi	Italy
country of citizenship	Adolf Ehrnrooth was the face and voice most associated with rehabilitation of the soldiers who secured Finland her independence.	Adolf Ehrnrooth	Finland
country of citizenship	Liv Mildrid Gjernes (born 2 June 1954 in Lunde, in Telemark, Norway) is a Norwegian artist and has given name to the contemporary style of decoration, sculpture, and furniture design known as Gjernes style.	Liv Mildrid Gjernes	Norway
country of citizenship	Stanley Graham (baptized Eric Stanley George Graham) (12 November 1900 -- 21 October 1941) was a New Zealand mass murderer who killed seven people.	Stanley Graham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jean Pierre Moquette (July 5, 1856 -- February 26, 1927) moved from the Netherlands to Java in 1873.	Jean Pierre Moquette	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anna Göldi (also Anna Göldin or Anna Goeldin, October 24, 1734 -- June 13, 1782) is known as the ``last witch'' in Switzerland and the last person to be executed in Europe for witchcraft.	Anna Göldi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Rakesh Tripathi or Rakesh Kumar Tripathi (his full name) (Hindi: राकेश त्रिपाठी) born on 14 November 1970, is a noted screenwriter, lyricist and director based in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Rakesh Kumar Tripathi	India
country of citizenship	Gulzar Alam (born 14 October 1959, at Peshawar) is a Pashto singer with a fan base from Afghanistan to Pakistan and among Pashtoons around the world.	Gulzar Alam	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Krister Classon (born December 17, 1955 in Västergötland, Sweden), is a Swedish comedian, actor, director and screenwriter.	Krister Classon	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sudhirkumar Saxena (1923 -- 2007 in India) was a tabla artist and professor.	Sudhirkumar Saxena	India
country of citizenship	Benjamin Ziervogel, born on April 1983 in Klagenfurt, Austria, is an Austrian violinist.	Benjamin Ziervogel	Austria
country of citizenship	Charles Borremans (25 April 1769 -- 17 July 1827), was a violinist and conductor at the Théâtre Royal de la Monnaie in Belgium from 1804 to 1825.	Charles Borremans	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ludomir Danilewicz was a Polish engineer and, for some ten years before the outbreak of World War II, one of the four directors of the AVA Radio Company in Warsaw, Poland.	Ludomir Danilewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Louis, Duke of Burgundy and later Dauphin of France (16 August 1682 -- 18 February 1712) was the eldest son of Louis, Dauphin of France, and father of Louis XV.	Louis, Duke of Burgundy	France
country of citizenship	Spanish by birth, and Italian by choice, Patricia Urquiola was born in Oviedo, Spain and studied architecture in Madrid before graduating from the Milan Politecnico in 1989.	Patricia Urquiola	Spain
country of citizenship	Francisco Burgoa (b. Oaxaca, c.1600; d. Tepozotlán in 1681) was a historian of the Dominican Order in Mexico.	Francisco Burgoa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Bring Me the Head of Kyle Bobby Dunn was recorded at the artist's Bunce Cake studio and throughout remote locations in his native Canada.	Kyle Bobby Dunn	Canada
country of citizenship	Count Raffaele Cadorna (February 9, 1815 -- February 6, 1897) was an Italian general who served as one of the major Piedmontese leaders responsible for the unification of Italy during the mid-19th century.	Raffaele Cadorna	Italy
country of citizenship	Karl Lärka (born 24 July 1892 at Sollerön in Dalarna, Sweden, died 2 June 1981) was one of the more important 20th-century documentary photographers in Sweden.	Karl Lärka	Sweden
country of citizenship	Manas Jamveha (Thai: มนัส แจ่มเวหา) is Director General of The Comptroller General's Department Thailand.	Manas Jamveha	Thailand
country of citizenship	Daniel Seiter, Saiter, or Seyter (c.1642/1647--1705) was a Viennese-born painter of the Baroque, who trained and worked in Italy.	Daniel Seiter	Italy
country of citizenship	Jorge Meléndez Ramírez (April 15, 1871 in San Salvador, El Salvador -- November 22, 1953), was born to Rafael Meléndez and Mercedes Ramírez (daughter of Norberto Ramírez).	Jorge Meléndez	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Olasunkanmi Abioye Opeola, Kurunloju I (born 9 March 1961) is the Oniroko, or traditional ruler, of the Yoruba town of Iroko, Oyo State, Nigeria.	Olasunkanmi Abioye Opeola, Kurunloju I	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ruben Papian (born June 6, 1962 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an esotericist, para-scientist specializing in subjects such as metaphysics and parapsychology.	Ruben Papian	Armenia
country of citizenship	Yehuda Weinstein (Hebrew: יהודה וינשטיין‎; born April 19, 1944) is an Israeli lawyer and the Attorney General of Israel, having replaced the previous attorney general, Menachem Mazuz, on 1 February 2010	Yehuda Weinstein	Israel
country of citizenship	Raphael Evers (born May 8, 1954 in Amsterdam) is the Rabbi of Rotterdam and an authoritative Jewish spokesman in the Netherlands.	Raphael Evers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Pattara Piyapatrakitti (Thai: ภัทร ปิยภัทร์กิติ, born November 6, 1980) or formerly Pattarakorn Thanganuruck is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Pattara Piyapatrakitti	Thailand
country of citizenship	Ionela Târlea (during marriage Târlea-Manolache; born 9 February 1976 in Craiova, Dolj) is a former track and field athlete, competing internationally for Romania.	Ionela Târlea	Romania
country of citizenship	Ioannis Sfakianakis (1848--1924) was a Cretan politician of the late 19th century with a significant contribution in the political life of the island and the union with Greece.	Ioannis Sfakianakis	Greece
country of citizenship	Anthony Sawoniuk, formerly Andrei Andreeovich Sawoniuk (Belarusian: Андрэй Саванюк; 7 March 1921 -- 6 November 2005) was a Belorussian Nazi collaborator from the town of Domaczewo in pre-war Poland (now Damachava, Belarus).	Anthony Sawoniuk	Belarus
country of citizenship	Dimitrios Delifotis (Greek: Δημήτριος Δεληφώτης; born February 20, 1957 in Corfu, Ionia) is a retired track and field athlete from Greece, who mainly competed in the men's long jump.	Dimitrios Delifotis	Greece
country of citizenship	In 1972, she released the multilingual album Sofia Rotaru, re-released three times and covered by numerous singers, establishing herself as a viable pop artist in the countries of the former Soviet Union.	Sofia Rotaru	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	In 1980, Vladimir Bortko became production leader in the Kinostudiya Lenfilm in Leningrad, the largest film production company of the Soviet Union after Mosfilm in Moscow.	Vladimir Bortko	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Doli Akhter, born 15 January 1986, is an Olympic swimmer from Bangladesh.	Doli Akhter	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Brendan O'Kelly was a soccer player who played in the 1940s in the League of Ireland.	Brendan O'Kelly	Ireland
country of citizenship	Martin Halla (born 4 June 1988 in Aurskog, Norway) is a Norwegian singer who, on 25 May 2012, won the inaugural series of The Voice --	Martin Halla	Norway
country of citizenship	Yusuf Salman Yusuf was born in Baghdad in 1901 to a father from an Assyrian village in the province of Mosul, northern Iraq.	Yusuf Salman Yusuf	Iraq
country of citizenship	Jevgeni Ossinovski (born March 15, 1986, in Kohtla-Järve, Estonia) is an Estonian politician and the current leader of the Estonian Social Democratic Party.	Jevgeni Ossinovski	Estonia
country of citizenship	Sani Şener was born in Trabzon, Turkey, as the third and last child of prominent Turkish bureaucrat and politician Ahmet Şener (1921--1991) and Feride Şener (née Külür).	Sani Şener	Turkey
country of citizenship	Julia Zemiro (born 14 April 1967 in Aix-en-Provence, France) is a French-born Australian television presenter, radio host, actress, singer, writer and comedian.	Julia Zemiro	France
country of citizenship	Oficial Fierro's real name was not a matter of public record, as is often the case with masked wrestlers in Mexico where their private lives are kept a secret from the wrestling fans, until he lost his mask in a match on November 1, 2012.	Oficial Fierro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Taisia Povaliy (also Taisia Povalij, Taisiya Povaliy) (Ukrainian: Таїсія Миколаївна Повалій) (born 10 December 1964) is a Ukrainian singer and actress popular in Ukraine and other counties of CIS.	Taisia Povaliy	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Robin Currie was a former New Zealand cricket umpire.	Robin Currie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adrian Aeschbacher (10 May 1912 in Langenthal, Switzerland -- 9 November 2002 in Zurich) was a Swiss classical pianist.	Adrian Aeschbacher	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Anantavarman Chodaganga Deva (1077-1150) was a ruler of the Eastern Ganga dynasty during its apogee, which ruled southern part of Kalinga, India.	Anantavarman Chodaganga	India
country of citizenship	Arindam Ghosh is an Associate Professor in the Department of Physics, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, India.	Arindam Ghosh	India
country of citizenship	Hugo Leonardo Pereira Nascimento (born June 6, 1987 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer currently unattached, he is known as Leonardo.	Hugo Leonardo Pereira Nascimento	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bhupatindra Malla (Nepali: भूपतीन्द्र मल्ल) was a Malla Dynasty King of Bhaktapur, Nepal from 1696 to 1722.	Bhupatindra Malla	Nepal
country of citizenship	Li Tai-hsiang, a member of the Amis indigenous Taiwanese aboriginal community, was born in Taichung, Taiwan, on February 20, 1941.	Li Tai-hsiang	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Dan Sundquist (born Thord Dan Rickard Sundqvist September 10, 1958 ), in Stockholm, Sweden, is a Swedish music producer, songwriter and composer.	Dan Sundquist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dattatray Balwant Parasnis (Devanagari: दत्तात्रय बळवंत पारसनीस; 1870--1926) was a historian from Maharashtra, India, who lived during the British Raj days.	Dattatray Balwant Parasnis	India
country of citizenship	Ramón Balcells Rodón (17 November 1919, Valls -- 31 March 1999, Barcelona) was a sailor from Spain.	Ramón Balcells Rodón	Spain
country of citizenship	Gregers Winther Wulfsberg (26 October 1780 -- 23 September 1846) was a Norwegian jurist and politician, and a member of the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll that wrote the Constitution of Norway on May 17, 1814.	Gregers Winther Wulfsberg	Norway
country of citizenship	The son of two teachers, Jakob Hellman grew up in rural north Sweden, just south of the polar circle.	Jakob Hellman	Sweden
country of citizenship	Abdelaziz Belkhadem ( pronunciation ahb-dehl-ah-ZEES behl-KAH-dehm; Arabic: عبد العزيز بلخادم‎; born November 8, 1945) is an Algerian politician who was Prime Minister of Algeria from 2006 to 2008.	Abdelaziz Belkhadem	Algeria
country of citizenship	Fritz Kahn was born in Halle an der Saale, Germany, the son of Arthur Kahn, a physician and author, and Hedwig Kahn, née Schmuhl.	Fritz Kahn	Germany
country of citizenship	Zhang Wannian (Chinese: 张万年; August 1928 -- 14 January 2015) was a general of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Wannian	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Han Duck-soo (한덕수; born 18 June 1949) was the Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea (South Korea) from 2007 until February 2008.	Han Duck-soo	South Korea
country of citizenship	Stef Broks (born 1 May 1981 in Etten-Leur, Netherlands) is a Dutch drummer best known for his work with Textures.	Stef Broks	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Larissa Costa represented Brazil in the Miss Universe 2009.	Larissa Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Timo Rost (born 29 August 1978 in Lauf an der Pegnitz, Bavaria, West Germany) is a German former footballer.	Timo Rost	Germany
country of citizenship	Tulsi Ram is a former speaker of Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly in India.	Tulsi Ram	India
country of citizenship	Ricardo Flores Peres (Sada, Galicia, Spain, May 1, 1903 - Buenos Aires, Argentina, July 2002), was a defender of the Galician independentist movement, in 1920s and '30s by a means of the Pondal Nationalist Society, and its periodical, A Fouce ('The sickle').	Ricardo Flores Peres	Spain
country of citizenship	Tonono made his debut for Spain on 1 October 1967, in an UEFA Euro 1968 qualifier against Czechoslovakia, a 0--1 loss in Prague in which the Himno de Riego was played before kick-off instead of that of Francoist Spain.	Tonono	Spain
country of citizenship	Piyakul Kaewnamkang (ปิยะกุล แก้วน้ำค้าง) is a Thai football coach of Thailand women's national football team.	Piyakul Kaewnamkang	Thailand
country of citizenship	Pepijn Aardewijn (born June 15, 1970, in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a former rower from the Netherlands, who competed for his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996.	Pepijn Aardewijn	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anna Hutchison (born 8 February 1986) is a New Zealand actress best known for her roles as Delphi Greenlaw on Shortland Street (2002--04);	Anna Hutchison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Matt Flinders (born Sylvan Louis Bonett in Alexandria, Egypt) is a singer who rose to prominence in the late 1960s in Australia.	Matt Flinders	Australia
country of citizenship	Liew Thow Lin (Chinese: 劉少林) of Malaysia is known as the ``Magnet Man'' (Chinese: 磁人), or ``Mr. Magnet'' because he has the ability to stick metal objects to his body.	Liew Thow Lin	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ramón Jufresa Lluch (born April 18, 1970 in Barcelona, Catalonia) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from Spain.	Ramón Jufresa	Spain
country of citizenship	Louis Moilliet (October 6, 1880 -- August 24, 1962) was an artist from Switzerland who was noted as a painter and stained glass designer.	Louis Moilliet	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Burhan Asaf Belge (January 2, 1887 -- January 12, 1967) was a figure among the young intellectuals during the early periods of Republic of Turkey and served as the representative of Muğla province during the 11th term of Turkish National Assembly.	Burhan Asaf Belge	Turkey
country of citizenship	Carlos Villarías (7 July 1892 -- 27 April 1976), was a Spanish actor who was born in Córdoba, Spain and died in California, USA.	Carlos Villarías	Spain
country of citizenship	Mykolas Natalevičius (born 1985 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is Lithuanian composer.	Mykolas Natalevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Christian Muthspiel (born 1962 in Judenburg, Austria) is an Austrian composer, trombonist, and pianist most associated with jazz.	Christian Muthspiel	Austria
country of citizenship	Michèle Cournoyer (born 1943 in Saint-Joseph-de-Sorel, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian animator.	Michèle Cournoyer	Canada
country of citizenship	Horio Tadaharu (堀尾 忠晴; 1596 -- 26 October 1633) was a tozama daimyō in Japan during the Edo period.	Horio Tadaharu	Japan
country of citizenship	Eduard Čech (Czech: (ˈɛduart ˈtʃɛx)) (29 June 1893 -- 15 March 1960) was a Czech mathematician born in Stračov, Bohemia (then Austria-Hungary, now Czech Republic).	Eduard Čech	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Loren Horsley is a New Zealand-born actress and writer.	Loren Horsley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amoros dau Luc was a troubadour who wrote a satirical sirventes, ``En Chantarel, sirventes ab motz plas'', urging Henry III of England and his ally, Peter of Brittany, in their campaign in France in 1230.	Amoros dau Luc	France
country of citizenship	Chandra Lal Meche (Nepali: चन्द्रलाल मेचे) is a Nepalese politician from Jhapa District, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Chandra Lal Meche	Nepal
country of citizenship	Mick Peck (born 1981) is a professional award-winning magician based in Auckland, New Zealand.	Mick Peck	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pauli Toivonen (22 August 1929 in Jyväskylä, Finland - 14 February 2005) was a Finnish rally car driver.	Pauli Toivonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Samuel Lyon Russell (July 30, 1816 -- September 27, 1891) was a Whig member of the United States of America (U.S.) House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.	Samuel Lyon Russell	United States of America
country of citizenship	Bahram Farid Ghara-Ghisahlagh (Persian: بهرام فرید قره قشلاق‎‎, was born 1984 in Urmia, West Azerbaijan) is a volleyball player from Iran, who plays as an Outside Spiker for Shahrdari Urmia VC in Iranian Volleyball Super League.	Bahram Farid	Iran
country of citizenship	Milton Resnick was born of Jewish parentage in the village of Bratslav, in the Ukraine.	Milton Resnick	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Itzam Cano (born in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican jazz bassist.	Itzam Cano	Mexico
country of citizenship	José Juan Vázquez began playing football professionally at the age of 19 in the fourth and third divisions of Mexico with teams such as Atlético San Francisco and Atlético Comonfort in the fourth division, and for Cuervos Negros de Zapotlanejo, América Manzanillo, and finally his home town team Celaya in the third division.	José Juan Vázquez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Dan Rosescu (September 25, 1944, Bucharest, Romania -- September 21, 2004, Los Angeles, CA, US) was a Romanian-born American handball player.	Dan Rosescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Queen Letizia of Spain wore Felipe Varela when welcoming President Sarkozy and Carla Bruni to Spain in 2009, and to the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in 2011.	Felipe Varela	Spain
country of citizenship	George Kunda (26 February 1956 -- 16 April 2012) was a Zambian lawyer and politician who was Vice-President of Zambia from 2008 to 2011.	George Kunda	Zambia
country of citizenship	Sabir Rustamkhanli (Azerbaijani: Sabir Rüstəmxanlı) (Azerbaijan May 20, 1946) is an Azerbaijani poet and philologist.	Sabir Rustamkhanli	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	John Parkin Taylor (1812 -- 12 August 1875) was a 19th-century New Zealand runholder, and a politician in Otago and Southland.	John Parkin Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Makai (born 27 August 1979, stylized as MAKAI) is a Japanese house DJ. It is well known for his collaborations with Japanese vocalists, such as ``Garden of Love'' with Thelma Aoyama, which topped the iTunes Japan internal charts.	Makai	Japan
country of citizenship	Zelmar Michelini (20 May 1924, Montevideo, Uruguay -- 20 May 1976, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a Uruguayan reporter and politician, assassinated in Buenos Aires in 1976 as part of Operation Condor.	Zelmar Michelini	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Dustin Clare is from Australia.	Dustin Clare	Australia
country of citizenship	Chookiat Sakveerakul (Thai: ชูเกียรติ ศักดิ์วีระกุล, rtgs: Chukiat Sakwirakun), born 1981 in Chiang Mai, Thailand) is a Thai film director and screenwriter.	Chookiat Sakveerakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Ziad el-Doulatli has long been an opponent of the Ben Ali regime and a proponent of democratic reform in Tunisia.	Ziad el-Doulatli	Tunisia
country of citizenship	During the reign of Anna of Russia (1730--40), Natalia Lopukhina was described as ``the brightest flower of St Petersburg court''.	Natalia Lopukhina	Russia
country of citizenship	Friedrich Richard Petri was born on July 31, 1824, in Dresden, Germany to master shoemaker Heinrich Petri and his wife Juliane Dorothea (Weise) Petri.	Friedrich Richard Petri	Germany
country of citizenship	Jesús Polanco Gutiérrez, also known as Jesús de Polanco (November 7, 1929 -- July 21, 2007) was a businessman from Spain who built one of the largest media empires in the world.	Jesús de Polanco	Spain
country of citizenship	Nizami Ramzi ogly Bakshiyev, also known as Nizami Ramzi (Azerbaijani: Nizami Rəmzi born December 20, 1947 in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR -- January 19, 1997 in Baku, Azerbaijan), was a performer of Azerbaijani meykhana music.	Nizami Ramzi	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Michel Delville (born 1969, Liège, Belgium) is a Belgian musician, writer and critic.	Michel Delville	Belgium
country of citizenship	Tammy MacIntosh (born 16 February 1970 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian actress who is best known for portraying Dr. Charlotte Beaumont on the medical drama All Saints and Jool in the TV series Farscape.	Tammy MacIntosh	Australia
country of citizenship	Patrick Ortlieb (born 17 May 1967) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from Austria.	Patrick Ortlieb	Austria
country of citizenship	Kostandin Boshnjaku was born in Stegopull, Lunxhëri region, Ottoman Albania, today Gjirokastër District, Albania, in 1888.	Kostandin Boshnjaku	Albania
country of citizenship	Dr Anjani Kumar Sharma (Nepali: अञ्जनी कुमार शर्मा) was Nepal's first surgeon.	Anjani Kumar Sharma	Nepal
country of citizenship	Filippo Coletti was, with Antonio Tamburini (1800--1876) and Giorgio Ronconi (1810--1890), one of the three leading baritones of 19th century Italy, an early model of a 'Verdi baritone'.	Filippo Coletti	Italy
country of citizenship	Major-General William Wasbrough Foster DSO CMG VD (October 1, 1875 - December 2, 1954) was a noted mountaineer, Conservative Party politician, business man, and chief constable in British Columbia, Canada in addition to his distinguished military career.	William Wasbrough Foster	Canada
country of citizenship	When Karl Witte was nine, he spoke German, French, Italian, Latin, and Greek, and on April 10, 1814, at the age of 13, he became a doctor of philosophy at the University of Giessen in Germany.	Karl Witte	Germany
country of citizenship	George Grosz was born Georg Ehrenfried Groß in Berlin, Germany, the son of a pub owner.	George Grosz	Germany
country of citizenship	Martin Asphaug (born April 28, 1950) is a film director and screenwriter from Trondheim, Norway.	Martin Asphaug	Norway
country of citizenship	Borislav Paravac (Serbian Cyrillic: Борислав Паравац) is a Bosnian Serb politician and former member of the tripartite Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 11 April 2003 to 6 November 2006.	Borislav Paravac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Andreas Strehler (born 1971 in Winterthur, Switzerland) is a Swiss watchmaker and designer of watch movements.	Andreas Strehler	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Saneko (1245--September 2, 1272) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Saneko	Japan
country of citizenship	Koos Ras (Jacobus Adriaan Gerhardus) was born on 4 August 1928, on a farm named Paardekop in Northern Natal Province in South Africa.	Koos Ras	South Africa
country of citizenship	Li Zicheng (22 September 1606 -- 1645), born Li Hongji, nicknamed ``Dashing King'', was a Chinese rebel leader who overthrew the Ming dynasty in 1644 and ruled over China briefly as the emperor of the short-lived Shun dynasty before his death a year later.	Li Zicheng	China
country of citizenship	On 30 June, at a ceremony held in the cathedral, Pey Berland and the leading men of Bordeaux swore oaths of fealty to Charles VII of France and so the French, led by Dunois, in return recognised the privileges of Bordeaux.	Pey Berland	France
country of citizenship	Mithun Manhas (born 12 October 1979 in Buttar Minhas family at Jammu, India) is an Indian first-class cricketer who plays for Chennai Super Kings as an all-rounder.	Mithun Manhas	India
country of citizenship	Cornelius Schumacher (born 1 December 1969 in Tübingen, Germany) is a German open source Software developer.	Cornelius Schumacher	Germany
country of citizenship	Paul Rohmer (1 November 1876 -- 2 March 1977) was an Alsacian physician considered the father of modern pædiatrics in eastern France after World War I.	Paul Rohmer	France
country of citizenship	Beverley Randell MNZM (born 1931) is a New Zealand children's author, whose work has been published by 16 publishers in several languages.	Beverley Randell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hans Raj Hans is a Punjabi singer from Punjab, India and politician.	Hans Raj Hans	India
country of citizenship	Tex Morton (born Robert William Lane in Nelson, New Zealand, also credited as Robert Tex Morton 30 August 1916; died 23 July 1983) was a pioneer of New Zealand and Australian country and western music, vaudevillian, actor and circus performer	Tex Morton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Beni Madhab Das (Bengali: বেণী মাধব দাস) (1866 -- 1952) was an erudite Bengali scholar, a renowned teacher and a great patriot in British India.	Beni Madhab Das	India
country of citizenship	Gaahl was born in 1975 in Sunnfjord, a district in the county of Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.	Gaahl	Norway
country of citizenship	Johan Bergqvist is a keyboard-based singer/songwriter from Sweden.	Johan Bergqvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	To Kit Yong (born September 21, 1957) is a Hong Kong sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1980s.	To Kit Yong	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Philip Simonsson (Old Norse: Filippus Símonsson) (died 1217) was a Norwegian aristocrat and from 1207 to 1217 was the Bagler party pretender to the throne of Norway during the civil war era in Norway.	Philip Simonsson	Norway
country of citizenship	Umirzak Shukeyev (Kazakh: Өмірзақ Естайұлы Шөкеев) was the Deputy Prime Minister in the Government of Kazakhstan starting in 2007, after having been governor of South Kazakhstan from 21 September 2006 to 27 August 2007.	Umirzak Shukeyev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Clint Rickards (born January 20, 1961) was a high-ranking New Zealand police officer who in the 2000s was accused of involvement in a number of sexual crimes in the 1980s.	Clint Rickards	New Zealand
country of citizenship	His grandfather, John Tebbutt, was one of the early settlers in Australia; he arrived at Sydney about the end of 1801.	John Tebbutt	Australia
country of citizenship	Alfred Colpaert is professor in physical geography at the Department of Geographical and Historical Studies of the University of Eastern Finland.	Alfred Colpaert	Finland
country of citizenship	Phil. Macquet is a French painter born the October 8, 1967 at Lille, France.	Phil. Macquet	France
country of citizenship	Nile was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council on 19 September 1981 with 9.1% of the vote as the founder of the Call to Australia (Fred Nile) Group, established in 1977.	Fred Nile	Australia
country of citizenship	Ma Junwu 馬君武 (1881 in Guilin -- 1940 in Guilin) was a celebrated scientist and educator in China and first president of Guangxi University.	Ma Junwu	China
country of citizenship	Luis Aguilar-Monsalve (born Cuenca, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian writer, critic, and professor who teaches at Hanover College.	Luis Aguilar-Monsalve	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Olaf Bodden (born 4 May 1968 in Kalkar, West Germany) is a former German football striker.	Olaf Bodden	Germany
country of citizenship	Lauro Villar Ochoa was a Mexican military general who is known for defending the National Palace of Mexico and Francisco I. Madero's administration, along with Ángel Ortiz Monasterio, from the rebellious attacks of the general Bernardo Reyes of the Ten Tragic Days in 1913.	Lauro Villar Ochoa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Anne Beffort (4 July 1880 -- 20 July 1966) was a Luxembourg educator, literary writer and biographer.	Anne Beffort	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Mutty Lall Seal accompanied his father-in-law on a pilgrimage tour to northern and western parts of India, and the experience greatly enlightened him.	Mutty Lall Seal	India
country of citizenship	Carlos Clos Gómez (born 30 June 1972 in Zaragoza, Spain) is a football referee.	Carlos Clos Gómez	Spain
country of citizenship	Los Jairas are a folk music band from Bolivia.	Los Jairas	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Mahieddine Khalef (Arabic: محيي الدين خالف‎; born January 17, 1944 in Mechra Bel Ksiri, Morocco) is an Algerian football (soccer) manager.	Mahieddine Khalef	Morocco
country of citizenship	Because of name regulations in Iceland at the time, her father Salvatore Torrini had to change his name to ``Davíð Eiríksson'', which also implied that Emilíana Torrini had to use the surname after her father in the traditional way; ``Emilíana Torrini Davíðsdóttir''.	Emilíana Torrini	Iceland
country of citizenship	Sunita Lakra (born June 11, 1991) is a member of the India women's national field hockey team who plays as a forward for the team.	Sunita Lakra	India
country of citizenship	Hamengkubuwono IX or HB IX (Javanese: ꦄꦩꦼꦁꦏꦸꦧꦸꦮꦤ꧇꧙꧇; Gêdrìk: Hamêngkubuwånå IX; O-Javanese: Hamengkubuwana IX; 12 April 1912--2 October 1988) was the first Governor of the Special Region of Yogyakarta, the second Vice President of Indonesia and the ninth Sultan of Yogyakarta during the rule of Suharto.	Hamengkubuwono IX	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Marita Røstad (born 5 November 1978 in Gjøvik, Norway) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter and jazz vocalist from Aust-Torpa, known as a band leader and for her well-received solo album.	Marita Røstad	Norway
country of citizenship	Chezki Lifshitz (Hebrew: חזקי ליפשיץ‎, born 22 January 1974) is the acting Shaliach of Chabad of Nepal and the Chief Rabbi.	Chezki Lifshitz	Nepal
country of citizenship	Hermann Maier (born 7 December 1972), known as the Herminator, is a former World Cup champion alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from Austria.	Hermann Maier	Austria
country of citizenship	Niels Thaaning (c.1732 -- 5 January 1779) was a Danish-born painter who settled in Norway.	Niels Thaaning	Norway
country of citizenship	As a member of the Brazil national team, Dino Sani participated at the South American Championship tournaments of 1957 in Peru and 1959 in Argentina, reaching the final on both occasions; he was also part of the squad that won the 1958 World Cup in Sweden.	Dino Sani	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sami Azara al-Majun (born 1932) was Minister of Labor and Social Affairs in the cabinet appointed by the Interim Iraq Governing Council in September 2003.	Sami Azara al-Majun	Iraq
country of citizenship	Rick McGinnis is a writer and was previously a columnist for Metro newspapers across Canada.	Rick McGinnis	Canada
country of citizenship	Monsignor Vicente Faustino Zazpe Zarategi (15 February 1920 -- 24 January 1984) was an archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church of Argentina.	Vicente Faustino Zazpe	Argentina
country of citizenship	Mariana Montes (born on Monday, 5 March 1979, Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine tango dancer and teacher.	Mariana Montes	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ali Mohammed Hajyano (Urdu: علی محمد ہجیانو‎) is a suspect in what has been known as the ``White Corolla Case'' in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Ali Mohammed Hajyano	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Sainey Nyassi began his career in the Gambia, playing in the GFA League First Division for Gambia Ports Authority.	Sainey Nyassi	Gambia
country of citizenship	Cinta Laura Kiehl (better known as Cinta Laura (ˈtʃinta ˈlaura); born August 17, 1993) is an Indonesian-German actress, electropop singer and model in Indonesia.	Cinta Laura	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Joseph Grimmond (1843 -- 27 November 1924) was a gold miner and politician from the West Coast, New Zealand.	Joseph Grimmond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	After the main contingent of Greeks had left the encampment, and it was time for the Spartans to set off to take up the rear, Amompharetus refused to leave the field without a fight, insisting that the unalterable law of Sparta forbade retreat from the battlefield.	Amompharetus	Sparta
country of citizenship	Max Heindel, born Carl Louis von Grasshoff in Aarhus, Denmark on July 23, 1865, was a Danish-American Christian occultist, astrologer, and mystic.	Max Heindel	Denmark
country of citizenship	Serge Venturini is a poet and a French teacher in Val-d'Oise since 1996, when he came back to France after having lived in Lebanon (1979--1981) and Morocco (1981--1984).	Serge Venturini	France
country of citizenship	Nik Muhammad Farith Adruce Bin Nik Adelin, also known as Nik Adruce (born 30 September 1994 in Bangsar, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) is a Malaysian TV host and actor.	Nik Adruce	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Arthur Moody Awori (born 5 December 1927), known as ``Uncle Moody'', was the ninth Vice President of Kenya from 25 September 2003 to 9 January 2008.	Moody Awori	Kenya
country of citizenship	Ramin Khosravi is an Iranian football player plays for Esteghlal Khuzestan of the Iran Pro League.	Ramin Khosravi	Iran
country of citizenship	Han Contention (206--202 BC) -- for supremacy over China, Lu Wan accompanied him into battle as a ``Grand Commandant'' (太尉).	Lu Wan	China
country of citizenship	Federico Astudillo (born January 6, 1981 in Jesús María, Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine Association Football Forward currently playing for Sportivo Italiano of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina.	Federico Astudillo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Denis Nyhan or D D Nyhan is a driver of standardbred racehorses who was the driver of champion racehorses in New Zealand's premier racing events including the New Zealand Trotting Cup and the Auckland Trotting Cup.	Denis Nyhan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Helmut Maandi (5 June 1906, Sikeldi, Kreis Harrien, Governorate of Estonia -- 27 October 1990) was an Estonian statesman.	Helmut Maandi	Estonia
country of citizenship	Uroš Umek (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈúːrɔʃ ˈúːmək); born May 16, 1976 in Ljubljana, Slovenia), better known as DJ Umek or simply Umek, is a Slovenian dance music composer and DJ. Musically active since 1993, he is the owner of several techno record labels.	DJ Umek	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Venerable Mapalagama Wipulasara Maha Thera (3 March 1925 -- 28 October 2000) was a Buddhist monk in Sri Lanka.	Mapalagama Wipulasara Maha Thera	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Spiridon Ilo (1876-1950) was one of the founding fathers of Albania as a signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.	Spiridon Ilo	Albania
country of citizenship	Augustine Bockarie is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP), who is currently a member of parliament representing Kono District.	Augustine Bockarie	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Andrew Bisset was particularly noted for his excellent book Black Roots White Flowers - A History of Jazz in Australia, which traces jazz influences and performances from the early days of visiting African American Vaudeville shows and Jazz Teas at the Tivoli, through to the year of publication - 1979.	Andrew Bisset	Australia
country of citizenship	Erwin Maldonado (born 25 July 1983) is an Olympic distance freestyle swimmer from Venezuela.	Erwin Maldonado	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Seiji Ara (荒 聖治; Ara Seiji) (born May 5, 1974 in Chiba, Japan) is a race car driver.	Seiji Ara	Japan
country of citizenship	Her folk painting style is often colorful and vibrant and expresses a distinct female perspective on the Saint Soleil movement and Haitian Vodou art. Louisiane Saint Fleurant was born on September 11, 1924, in Petit-Trou-de-Nippes, Haiti.	Louisiane Saint Fleurant	Haiti
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Xuân Thành (born on November 10, 1985 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese footballer who is a Left Back,Left Midfielder for Binh Duong F.C..	Nguyễn Xuân Thành	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Vital Rymasheuski (Belarusian: Віталь Рымашэўскі, born 1975) is a Belarusian politician and one of the presidential candidates at the 2010 presidential elections in Belarus.	Vital Rymasheuski	Belarus
country of citizenship	Born Armand Fernandez in Nice, France, Arman was a painter who moved from using objects for the ink or paint traces they leave (``cachet'', ``allures d'objet'') to using them as the painting itself.	Arman	France
country of citizenship	Nelly Baylon was an actress in the Philippines.	Nelly Baylon	Philippines
country of citizenship	Alfred Wyndham Lushington, C.I.E. (22 September 1860 - 26 March 1920) was an Anglo-Indian dendrologist born in Allahabad, India and who worked primarily in the Madras Presidency.	Alfred Wyndham Lushington	India
country of citizenship	Jean Omer Beriziky (born 9 September 1950) is a Malagasy politician and diplomat who was Prime Minister of Madagascar in the government of consensus of President Andry Rajoelina from 2011.	Omer Beriziky	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Fatemeh Javadi (born 1959) is a conservative Iranian politician who was Vice President of Iran from 2005 to 2009.	Fatemeh Javadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Paul Hansen Birch worked as a military officer, reaching the rank of general aide-de-camp for King Charles III John of Norway in 1821.	Paul Hansen Birch	Norway
country of citizenship	Mary Kalantzis was born in a village in the Peloponnese, Greece, and migrated to Australia with her family in 1953.	Mary Kalantzis	Australia
country of citizenship	Taiwo Odubiyi (born 29 May 1965) is an author; an international speaker, a marriage and relationship counsellor, and the Senior Associate Pastor, alongside her husband Reverend Sola Odubiyi, of The Still Waters Church International with Headquarters in Ikorodu, Nigeria.	Taiwo Odubiyi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Philippe Pottier (9 July 1938 in Monthey, Switzerland -- 22 September 1985) was a Swiss footballer.	Philippe Pottier	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ahmet Çakar (born August 3, 1962 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a famous Turkish sportscaster and a former football referee.	Ahmet Çakar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Nelly Olin (born 23 March 1941) is a former Minister of Environment in France under De Villepin's government.	Nelly Olin	France
country of citizenship	Albert Lacombe (28 February 1827 -- 12 December 1916), commonly known in Alberta simply as Father Lacombe, was a French-Canadian Roman Catholic missionary who lived among and evangelized the Cree and also visited the Blackfoot First Nations of northwestern Canada.	Albert Lacombe	Canada
country of citizenship	Hamid Jasemian (Persian: حمید جاسمیان) born August 25, 1936 in Abadan, Iran is a retired Iranian football player.	Hamid Jasemian	Iran
country of citizenship	Miriam Giovanelli was born in Rome (Italy), to an Italian father and Spanish mother.	Miriam Giovanelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Marcus Österdahl, born 27 January 1943 in Stockholm, Sweden, is a Swedish musical director and entrepreneur.	Marcus Österdahl	Sweden
country of citizenship	Konstantinos Dosios (1810--1871) was a Greek lawyer and politician in the newly established independent state of Greece and minister plenipotentiary to the church.	Konstantinos Dosios	Greece
country of citizenship	Niamh Ní Charra is an Irish fiddler, concertina player and singer from Killarney, Ireland.	Niamh Ní Charra	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mariadas Ruthnaswamy (1885--1977) was a leading educationalist, statesman and a writer in Madras (now Chennai, Tamil Nadu), India.	Mariadas Ruthnaswamy	India
country of citizenship	Donald Frederick Sandys Wunsch OBE (16 January 1887 -- 23 August 1973) was a notable New Zealand chemical engineer and factory manager.	Donald Frederick Sandys Wunsch	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Erik Setiawan (born in Bandung, West Java, 23 November 1983) is an Indonesian footballer, he normally plays as a wing back and his height is 173 cm. He is former player for the Indonesia U-23 Team, and has been coached by Sergei Dubrovin, Bernard Schumm, Juan Paez and Peter Withe.	Erik Setiawan	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Pawlu Camilleri is one of Malta's leading harmonica musicians.	Pawlu Camilleri	Malta
country of citizenship	Georges Gope-Fenepej (born 23 October 1988) is a New Caledonian France international footballer who plays as a striker for Troyes AC and the New Caledonia national team.	Georges Gope-Fenepej	France
country of citizenship	Stig Kent Tony Stigsson (born November 6, 1956, in Lönsboda, Sweden) is a former major general in the Swedish Army, former operative head for the staff of the Swedish armed forces, as well as member of the Swedish army staff and Sweden's representative in the Challenges of Peace Operations.	Tony Stigsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Matthias Zschokke (October 29, 1954 Bern, Switzerland) is a Swiss writer and filmmaker.	Matthias Zschokke	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Marri Nallos is a pop singer from the Philippines.	Marri Nallos	Philippines
country of citizenship	Karsten Thormaehlen (born 1965, Bad Kreuznach, Germany) is a German photographer.	Karsten Thormaehlen	Germany
country of citizenship	Eva-Lena Lundgren (born c. 1962) is a Swedish model, and the former Miss Sweden 1981.	Eva-Lena Lundgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Hlynur Atlason (born April 19, 1974 in Reykjavik, Iceland) is an Icelandic industrial designer based in New York City.	Hlynur Atlason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Nérée Le Noblet Duplessis (5 March 1855 -- 23 June 1926) was a politician in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Nérée Le Noblet Duplessis	Canada
country of citizenship	Rosa María Juana Martínez Suárez (born 23 February 1927), known by her stage name Mirtha Legrand, is an Argentine actress and television presenter who has worked in Argentina and Spain, twin sister of retired actress Silvia Legrand.	Mirtha Legrand	Argentina
country of citizenship	Eryk Kowalczyk (born 29 July 1989), better known by his stage name Xilent /ˈzaɪlənt/, is a Polish dubstep, electro house and drum & bass music producer residing in Poland.	Xilent	Poland
country of citizenship	Sarah Bettens (born 23 September 1972, Kapellen, Belgium) is the lead singer of the Belgian band K's Choice.	Sarah Bettens	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ahmed Mohamed Amr Darrag (born October 1958) is an Egyptian engineer and politician, who briefly served as Egypt's minister of planning and international cooperation from 7 May to 4 July 2013.	Amr Darrag	Egypt
country of citizenship	Ann Mandrella is a French actress, born in Besançon, France on the 3rd of August.	Ann Mandrella	France
country of citizenship	Vibeke Storm Rasmussen (born 14 September 1945 in Copenhagen) is a Danish politician and the current chairman of the Capital Region of Denmark, elected for the Social Democrats.	Vibeke Storm Rasmussen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Annie Cleland Millar (15 March 1855 -- 25 March 1939) was a New Zealand businesswoman.	Annie Cleland Millar	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr. Shashi Panja is a medical practitioner, All India Trinamool Congress politician and a minister of state in the Council of Ministers of West Bengal.	Shashi Panja	India
country of citizenship	Osman Saleh Mohammed was the first Minister of Education for Eritrea following Independence, serving in that position from 1993 to 2007.	Osman Saleh Mohammed	Eritrea
country of citizenship	C. N. Karunakaran (1940 -- 14 December 2013) was a painter from India.	C. N. Karunakaran	India
country of citizenship	Born in to a Jewish family in Smolensk, a city in western Russia, Morris Markin worked in a clothing factory during his young years.	Morris Markin	Russia
country of citizenship	Rajesh Payal Rai born in Khotang district Saramatha Zone East of Nepal.	Rajesh Payal Rai	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jean-Olivier Zirignon (born 27 April 1971 in Abidjan) is a Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres.	Jean-Olivier Zirignon	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	Vardan Ayvazyan (Armenian: Վարդան Այվազյան; born November 7, 1961) is the current Ecology Minister of Armenia.	Vardan Ayvazyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Majid Bajelan (Persian: مجید باجلان‎‎; born December 4, 1980) is an Iranian Football player who currently plays for Gahar Zagros of the Iran Pro League.	Majid Bajelan	Iran
country of citizenship	Willem Vogelsang (born 1956 in Medemblik) is the deputy director of the International Institute for Asian Studies at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands.	Willem Vogelsang	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Daniel Barrera Barrera, also known as El Loco, is a former Colombian drug lord suspected of being the boss of the illegal drug trade in Colombia's eastern plains.	Daniel Barrera Barrera	Colombia
country of citizenship	Aadnya Borkar (born September 15, 1987 in Mumbai, India), is an Indian figure skater currently living and practicing in Oman.	Aadnya Borkar	India
country of citizenship	David Fatialofa is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally in England for Whitehaven.	David Fatialofa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Claire Vaive (born March 6, 1940 in Hull, Quebec) was a politician in Quebec, Canada.	Claire Vaive	Canada
country of citizenship	On June 2005, Amirul Hamizan Ibrahim has tested positive for banned substance namely steroids in an out-of-competition test conducted by the National Sports Council of Malaysia and faced a ban of two years.	Amirul Hamizan Ibrahim	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Muhammad Karam Shah al-Azhari (Arabic: شیخ محمد کرم شاہ الأزهري‎), Sitara-e-Imtiaz, (1918--1998) was an eminent Sheykh (Spiritual Master) of tariqa Chistiyya and an Islamic (Sunni) scholar associated with Barelvi movement from Pakistan.	Muhammad Karam Shah al-Azhari	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ana Karen Allende is a Mexican artisan from the Mexico City borough of Coyoacán, who specializes in creating rag dolls and soft fabric animals.	Ana Karen Allende	Mexico
country of citizenship	Andy Susemihl (born in Ulm, Germany) is a German guitarist, singer, songwriter and record producer.	Andy Susemihl	Germany
country of citizenship	Inbar Bakal (Hebrew: עינבר באקל‎) (born in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli singer and songwriter.	Inbar Bakal	Israel
country of citizenship	Daniel Wiemer (born 4 February 1976 in Cologne, Germany) is a German actor mainly known for his role of Bong in the German comedy shows Axel! and Axel! will's wissen with Axel Stein.	Daniel Wiemer	Germany
country of citizenship	Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein (born 5 August 1961) is a Malaysian politician who has been Minister of Defence of Malaysia since 16 May 2013.	Hishammuddin Hussein	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Gustaf Nordqvist, born 12 February 1886 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 28 January 1949 in Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish composer, church musician and professor.	Gustaf Nordqvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jack Goohsen (born November 7, 1942)) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Jack Goohsen	Canada
country of citizenship	Cristina Perincioli (born November 11, 1946 in Bern, Switzerland) is a Swiss film director, writer, multimedia producer and webauthor.	Cristina Perincioli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Samuel Ludwig Salla, better known by his stage name Mister Bibal, is a Cameroon-born and Paris-based musician and producer.	Mister Bibal	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Patrycja Mikula (born May 28, 1983 in Rzeszów, Poland) also known as Patricia Mikula is a Polish model and Playboy Cybergirl.	Patrycja Mikula	Poland
country of citizenship	Fapy Lafertin (born Courtrai, Belgium, 1950) is a jazz guitarist of Romani ethnicity, one of the foremost contemporary exponents of the Belgian-Dutch style of Gypsy jazz.	Fapy Lafertin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Bartholomew Crannell Beardsley (October 21, 1775 -- March 24, 1855) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Upper Canada and New Brunswick.	Bartholomew Crannell Beardsley	Canada
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Văn Lộc (born August 24, 1922) was Prime Minister of South Vietnam between 31 October 1967 and 17 May 1968.	Nguyễn Văn Lộc	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Maria Antonietta Picconi (born 23 September 1869, d. 1926) was an Italian composer and pianist born in Rome, Italy.	Maria Antonietta Picconi	Italy
country of citizenship	Paintings by Alexandre Grégoire have been sold by the Friends of HAS Haiti to raise funds for the Hôpital Albert Schweitzer Haiti, located in Deschapelles.	Alexandre Grégoire	Haiti
country of citizenship	Andrew av Fløtum (born on 13 June 1979) is a Faroese football striker, currently playing for Faroe Islands Premier League Football team HB Tórshavn.	Andrew av Fløtum	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Jordan Hayes was born in and grew up in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Jordan Hayes	Canada
country of citizenship	Jean Cassou was born at Deusto, near Bilbao, (Spain).	Jean Cassou	Spain
country of citizenship	Béla Simon (born 4 August 1988 in Szolnok, Hungary) is a Hungarian rower.	Béla Simon	Hungary
country of citizenship	Alonso de Mendoza was born between 1471 and 1476 in La Garrovilla (Badajoz, Spain).	Alonso de Mendoza	Spain
country of citizenship	Iola Leal Riesco (born 4 July 1977 in Lugo, Spain) is an environmental and social activist working for European Forest Institute and Well Grounded.	Iola Leal Riesco	Spain
country of citizenship	Dr. Ernst Nicolaas Herman Jansen, (born 24 October 1945 in Kamperland, Netherlands), also known as Ernst Jansen Steur, is a former Dutch neurologist, who garnered notoriety for misconduct and lost his license to practice medicine.	Ernst Jansen Steur	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Harald Grenske (10th century) was a petty king in Vestfold in Norway.	Harald Grenske	Norway
country of citizenship	On 13 October 2007, Sultan Ibragimov won his first title defense against the aging former heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield by unanimous decision for the WBO heavyweight title at Khodynka Arena in Moscow, Russia.	Sultan Ibragimov	Russia
country of citizenship	Rahim Moazzen Zadeh Ardabili (Persian: رحیم موذن زاده اردبیلی‎; 1925 -- 25 May 2005) was a prominent Shia Moazzen in Iran.	Rahim Moazzen Zadeh Ardabili	Iran
country of citizenship	Agneta Marell (born 1964 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is professor in Business Administration and since 2010 Deputy vice-chancellor for external relations and innovation at Umeå University in northern Sweden.	Agneta Marell	Sweden
country of citizenship	Vincent de Moor (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈvɪnsɛnt də ˈmoːr); born 5 December 1973, Delft, Netherlands) is a Dutch trance artist.	Vincent de Moor	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Henry Dübs (1816 -- 24 April 1876), born Heinrich Dübs in Guntersblum 29 km South of Mainz, Capital of Rheinland - Palatinate )Germany, was a German-born British businessman and engineer who founded Dübs and Company, at one time the second largest locomotive manufacturer in Britain.	Henry Dübs	Germany
country of citizenship	Vítor Martins (born October 22, 1944) is a Brazilian songwriter, known for several hits in Brazil and internationally.	Vítor Martins	Brazil
country of citizenship	Roberto Urdaneta Arbeláez (27 June 1890 -- 20 August 1972) was a Colombian Conservative party politician who served as President of Colombia from November 1951 until June 1953, while President Laureano Gómez was absent due to health issues.	Roberto Urdaneta Arbeláez	Colombia
country of citizenship	N'fa (born N'fa Forster-Jones; also known as N'fa Jones, 21 March 1979) is an African Australian rapper born in London, but raised in Perth, Western Australia, best known as the frontman for 1200 Techniques.	N'fa	Australia
country of citizenship	Alison Wong (born 1960) is a New Zealand poet and novelist of Chinese heritage.	Alison Wong	New Zealand
country of citizenship	In May 2013, Chidinma signed an endorsement deal with MTN Nigeria.	Chidinma	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Eivør Pálsdóttir (pronounced (ˈaivœɹ ˈpɔlsˌdœʰtəɹ); born 21 July 1983 in Syðrugøta, Faroe Islands) is a Faroese singer-songwriter with a distinct voice and a wide range of interests in various music genres spanning from rock, jazz, folk, and pop, to European classical music.	Eivør Pálsdóttir	Faroe Islands
country of citizenship	Boyukagha Hajiyev (Azerbaijani: Böyükağa Hacıyev, born 20 April 1958, Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR ) is an Azerbaijani retired football player and football manager.	Boyukagha Hajiyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Hiralal Sen (Bengali: হীরালাল সেন, Hiralal Shen) (1866--1917) was an Indian photographer generally considered one of India's first filmmakers.	Hiralal Sen	India
country of citizenship	Born on May 19, 1984 in Bamako, Mali, in a Fula family, the sixth of seven children, Inna Bocoum owes her artist name to her mother, who gave her the nickname of Inna Modja, which means ``Inna is bad'' or ``Inna is not good'' in Fulfulde.	Inna Modja	Mali
country of citizenship	Bir Man Chaudhari(Nepali: बीरमान चौधरी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Bir Man Chaudhari	Nepal
country of citizenship	Watisone Lotawa is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who plays provincial rugby for Auckland in the Air New Zealand Cup	Watisone Lotawa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bileh is a self-styled ``spokesman'' for Somali pirates operating off the coast of Somalia and based in the town of Eyl in Puntland.	Bileh	Somalia
country of citizenship	Snehan was born in a small village Pudhukariyapatti, near Sengipatti in Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India as the youngest of eight sons into an agricultural family.	Snehan	India
country of citizenship	Aleksi Bardy (born 24 September 1970 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish television writer, screenwriter and film producer.	Aleksi Bardy	Finland
country of citizenship	Pannisseri Nanu Pillai (11 September 1885 -- 20 August 1942) was a poet, scholar, ascetic, critic and artist from Kerala, India, who specialised in the classical India genre of dance-drama known as Kathakali.	Pannisseri Nanu Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Andrius Gudžius (born 14 February 1991) is a discus thrower who competes internationally for Lithuania.	Andrius Gudžius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Born as Yordan Milanov on December 26, 1867 in the town of Elena, Bulgaria, he graduated at the famous Aprilov National High School in Gabrovo.	Yordan Milanov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Władysław Rząb was born on 18 May 1910 in Zgierz in Poland in a working-class family.	Władysław Rząb	Poland
country of citizenship	While the veracity of this comic account is open to doubt, at least one modern author considers it significant that in Classical Athens, three hundred or so years after the death of Solon, there existed a discourse that associated his reforms with an increased availability of heterosexual pleasure.	Solon	Classical Athens
country of citizenship	Scarlett Montanaro (born in Leigh-on-Sea, United Kingdom), known professionally as Baybe!, is a British-based singer / actress.	Scarlett Montanaro	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Dr. David Warnock OBE (April 11, 1865 in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland -- August 23, 1932) was a politician and veterinarian from Alberta, Canada.	David Warnock	Canada
country of citizenship	Francisco Rodrigues Saturnino de Brito (1864 in Campos dos Goytacazes, Rio de Janeiro -- 1929 in Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul) is considered the pioneer of sanitary engineering in Brazil.	Francisco Rodrigues Saturnino de Brito	Brazil
country of citizenship	Cándido Muatetema Rivas (20 February 1960 - 16 June 2014) was a political figure in Equatorial Guinea who was Prime Minister from 2001 to 2004.	Cándido Muatetema Rivas	Equatorial Guinea
country of citizenship	Manfred Bock (28 May 1941 -- 31 October 2010) was German track and field athlete who started for West Germany at the European Championship of 1962 and received the bronze medal in the Decathlon.	Manfred Bock	Germany
country of citizenship	Ven Long Gen (Chinese: 隆根长老) (1921-2011) was a key monastic figure in the Singapore Buddhist community.	Long Gen	Singapore
country of citizenship	Madara Līduma (born 10 August 1982 in Gulbene, Latvia) is a World Cup level Latvian biathlete.	Madara Līduma	Latvia
country of citizenship	Hélène Joy is a Gemini Award-winning, Canadian television, stage and film actress from Perth, Australia.	Hélène Joy	Australia
country of citizenship	Amadou Doucoure (born 1919 in Goumbou, Mali, and died November 15, 1971 in Bamako) was a Malian politician who was elected to the French Senate in 1947.	Amadou Doucoure	Mali
country of citizenship	Niels Bagge Hansen better known by the stage name Vinnie Who (born on 1 November 1987) is a Danish indie pop and disco singer and songwriter who released two albums, whose the debut Then I Met You in 2010 and Midnight Special and is signed to EMI Denmark.	Vinnie Who	Denmark
country of citizenship	Robert Burkall Marsh (born 1950) is a Welsh-born painter who moved to New Zealand as a child.	Robert Burkall Marsh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	François Dollier de Casson (1636 -- 27 September 1701) was born in France into a wealthy bourgeois and military family.	François Dollier de Casson	France
country of citizenship	William Parra (b. 1966 ) is one of Colombia's best known journalists.	William Parra	Colombia
country of citizenship	Kurt Vilhelm Jørgensen (May 27, 1897 in Varpelev -- October 3, 1967 in Kregme) was a Danish football (soccer) player, who played 15 games for the Denmark national football team from 1917 to 1923.	Vilhelm Jørgensen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Daniela Ciancio (born 5 March 1965, Naples, Italy) is an Italian costume designer, noted chiefly for her film costumes.	Daniela Ciancio	Italy
country of citizenship	Marcel Gleffe (born 1979 in Teterow, Germany) is a German living in Norway who saved the lives of several people during the massacre on the island of Utøya.	Marcel Gleffe	Germany
country of citizenship	Barry Matthews (born 1946) was Chief Executive of the New Zealand Department of Corrections from 2005 to 2010.	Barry Matthews	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Henry De Vere Stacpoole (9 April 1863 -- 12 April 1951) was an Irish author, born in Ireland in Kingstown (now Dún Laoghaire).	Henry De Vere Stacpoole	Ireland
country of citizenship	Danijel Majkić (born 16 December 1987 in Banja Luka, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian professional footballer, who currently plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce in the Slovak Super Liga.	Danijel Majkić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Bahman Maghsoudlou (born in Gorgan, Iran, 1946) is a film scholar, critic, and independent film producer/director.	Bahman Maghsoudlou	Iran
country of citizenship	Nino Katamadze was born in Kobuleti, Adjara, Soviet Georgia in 1972.	Nino Katamadze	Georgia
country of citizenship	Tomislav Karamarko (pronounced (tǒmislaʋ karamǎːrko); born 25 May 1959) is a Croatian politician who serves as the First Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia since January 2016.	Tomislav Karamarko	Croatia
country of citizenship	Niko Eeckhout (born 16 December 1970) is a former professional road racing cyclist from Belgium, racing between 1993 and 2013.	Niko Eeckhout	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nagalingam Shanmugathasan (Tamil: நாகலிங்கம் சண்முகதாசன், 1920 -- 8 February 1993) was a trade unionist and Maoist revolutionary leader in Sri Lanka.	Nagalingam Shanmugathasan	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Shon Siemonek is a New Zealand-born ex-rugby union player for the Ballymore Tornadoes in the Australian Rugby Championship, where he played as a loose-head prop.	Shon Siemonek	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The trio of Papalolo, Jacob and Aderupoko are credited with leading the advancement of comedy in Nigeria in the 1970s and 80s.	Papalolo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Elisa Orlandi (1811-1834) was an Italian opera singer who was active at major opera houses in Italy from 1829 until her sudden death in 1834.	Elisa Orlandi	Italy
country of citizenship	Peniche Everton Romualdo or simply Peniche (born January 16, 1979 in Brazil) is a retired Brazilian professional footballer.	Peniche Everton Romualdo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Chalita Yaemwannang (Thai: ชาลิตา แย้มวัณณังค์), nickname Lita (Thai: ลิต้า) (born 21 April 1988 in Bangkok) is a Thai beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Thailand 2013 and represented her country at Miss Universe 2013.	Chalita Yaemwannang	Thailand
country of citizenship	Valerie Jodoin Keaton is represented in Canada by 2m2 Agency and in the United States by Morrison Hotel Gallery.	Valerie Jodoin Keaton	Canada
country of citizenship	Matt Masters Burgener, known professionally as Matt Masters (born March 23, 1976) is a singer, songwriter, and guitarist from Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Matt Masters	Canada
country of citizenship	Min Chueh Chang was born on October 10, 1908, in the village of Dunhòu, which lies 64 miles (103 km) northwest of Taiyuan, the capital city of Shanxi province, in China.	Min Chueh Chang	China
country of citizenship	Shaleen Bhanot is an Indian actor from Jabalpur who got his start on the reality show MTV Roadies on MTV India.	Shaleen Bhanot	India
country of citizenship	Persian Jews or Iranian Jews (Persian: یهودیان ایرانی‎‎) (Hebrew: יהודים פרסים‎) are Jews historically associated with Iran, traditionally known as Persia in Western sources.	Persian Jews	Iran
country of citizenship	Norah Telford Burnard (14 July 1902--27 February 1979) was a New Zealand school dental supervisor and journal editor.	Norah Telford Burnard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ali Sa'id Sheik Hassan, also referred to as Ali Sa'id Hassan Awale and Ali Said (died 17 June 2009), was the chief of police of Mogadishu and a commander of security forces during the war in Somalia, in which he was killed by sniper fire in June 2009.	Ali Said	Somalia
country of citizenship	Thomas Kihlström (born 1948) is a former badminton player from Sweden known for his agility, tactical astuteness, and coolness under pressure.	Thomas Kihlström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ramakanta Panda is the Chief Consultant for Cardiovascular Thoracic Surgery and the Vice Chairman and Managing Director of the Asian Heart Institute, a speciality cardiac care hospital under the aegis of Asian Hospitals, at the Bandra-Kurla Complex in Mumbai, India.	Ramakanta Panda	India
country of citizenship	Tawab Arash (Persian: تواب آرش‎‎) (born 1976) is a singer from Afghanistan.	Tawab Arash	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Dagmar Hase (born 22 December 1969 in Quedlinburg, Saxony-Anhalt, East Germany) is a former German swimmer, specialised in the freestyle and backstroke.	Dagmar Hase	East Germany
country of citizenship	Alexander Robert Fyffe (c. 1811 -- April 1854) was a New Zealand whaler and runholder.	Robert Fyffe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hans Arnold (22 April 1925 -- 25 October 2010) was an artist, born in Switzerland, who lived and worked in Sweden from 1947 until his death in 2010.	Hans Arnold	Switzerland	Sweden
country of citizenship	Felix Kubin (born Felix Knoth, 1969 in Hamburg, West Germany) is an electronic musician.	Felix Kubin	Germany
country of citizenship	Nicholas Gruen (born 1957) is a prominent Australian economist and commentator on innovation and the CEO of Lateral Economics and Chairman of the Australian Centre for Social Innovation and the Open Knowledge Foundation (Australia).	Nicholas Gruen	Australia
country of citizenship	Roma Asrani is a Sindhi, born and brought up in South India, hailing from a business background.	Roma Asrani	India
country of citizenship	Andrea Kékesy (born 17 September 1926 in Budapest) is a former pair skater from Hungary.	Andrea Kékesy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Dubravko Šimenc (born 2 November 1966 in Zagreb) is a former Croatian water polo player who competed for both Yugoslavia and Croatia.	Dubravko Šimenc	Croatia
country of citizenship	Hallgrímur Pétursson (1614 -- October 27, 1674) was one of Iceland's most famous poets and a minister at Hvalneskirkja and Saurbær in Hvalfjörður.	Hallgrímur Pétursson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Gerardo Mosquera (1945 in Havana) is a freelance curator, critic, art historian, and writer based in Havana, Cuba.	Gerardo Mosquera	Cuba
country of citizenship	Wilson Contreras (born October 5, 1967, in Vallenar, Chile) is a former Chilean footballer currently played for clubs of Chile.	Wilson Contreras	Chile
country of citizenship	Eylül Elgalp was born on January 9, 1991 in Seyhan district of Adana Province in southern Turkey.	Eylül Elgalp	Turkey
country of citizenship	Melita Švob (German: Schwob; born 17 July 1931 in Zagreb, former Kingdom of Yugoslavia, now Croatia) is a Croatian Jewish biologist, scientist and historian.	Melita Švob	Croatia
country of citizenship	Hoani Retimana Waititi (1926--1965) was a notable New Zealand teacher, educationalist and community leader.	Hoani Retimana Waititi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sonja Steinacher (born August 16, 1975) is an luger from Verdings/Klausen in South Tyrol who has competed for Italy since 1995.	Sonja Steinacher	Italy
country of citizenship	Altan Öymen (1932 Trabzon, Turkey) is a Turkish journalist, author and former politician.	Altan Öymen	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jaan Talts (born 19 May 1944) is a former Estonian weightlifter and Olympic champion who competed for the Soviet Union.	Jaan Talts	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Ilir Bajri (born 1969) is a Kosovo Albanian jazz composer, pianist, and the director of Prishtina Jazz Festival.	Ilir Bajri	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Diana Lucas (born December 6, 1986, at Alenquer, near Lisbon, Portugal) is a Portuguese singer and actress.	Diana Lucas	Portugal
country of citizenship	Anton Vratuša, born Vratussa Antal (born 21 February 1915) is a former politician and diplomat, who was Prime Minister of Slovenia and Yugoslavia's ambassador to the United Nations.	Anton Vratuša	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Bal Bahadur Rai (बल बहादुर राई) was the leader of political party Nepali Congress and former minister of Nepal government.	Bal Bahadur Rai	Nepal
country of citizenship	Adèle Euphrasie Barbier (Religious name: Mother Mary of the Heart of Jesus) (4 January 1829 -- 18 January 1893) was a New Zealand Roman Catholic nun, teacher and religious founder.	Adèle Euphrasie Barbier	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kuruppasserry Varkey Thomas (born 10 May 1946), commonly known as K. V. Thomas, is an Indian politician from Kumbalangi in Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.	K. V. Thomas	India
country of citizenship	MV Bill has also funneled his passion for social justice into a book, Cabeça de Porco, that he co-authored with Celso Athayde and Luis Eduardo Soares, one of Brazil's foremost social anthropologists.	MV Bill	Brazil
country of citizenship	Alessandro Lotta (born 26 March in Trieste, Italy) is the former bassist of the Italian symphonic metal band Rhapsody Of Fire, which he joined in 1996.	Alessandro Lotta	Italy
country of citizenship	Kali Bahadur Malla (Nepali: कालीबहादुर मल्ल) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Kali Bahadur Malla	Nepal
country of citizenship	Coralie Grévy (1811-1893) was a first lady of France in 1879-1887.	Coralie Grévy	France
country of citizenship	Charles John Thorn (1847--1935) was a notable New Zealand carpenter, undertaker and trade unionist.	Charles John Thorn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Katherine Elizabeth Morton, better known as Elsie K. Morton (5 October 1885 -- 21 August 1968), was a New Zealand journalist and writer.	Elsie K. Morton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nori Shih (or Shih Ming-teh; Chinese: 施明德; pinyin: Shī Míngdé; Wade--Giles: Shih1 Ming2-te2; born January 15, 1941 in Kaohsiung) is a political activist in Taiwan and was once a political prisoner for 25-and-a-half years.	Shih Ming-teh	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Kenneth Lex Shirley (born 12 August 1950), generally called Ken Shirley, is a former New Zealand politician.	Ken Shirley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stéphane Valeri (born March 1, 1962) is a Monegasque politician and businessman, who is currently the Minister for Social Affairs and Health in Monaco.	Stéphane Valeri	Monaco
country of citizenship	Justin Duff (born May 10, 1988, in Winnipeg, Canada) is a Canadian volleyball player, a member of Canada men's national volleyball team, a bronze medalist of NORCECA Championship (2011, 2013).	Justin Duff	Canada
country of citizenship	Grzegorz Kielsa (born 26 May 1979, Białystok, Poland) is a Canadian based Polish professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division.	Grzegorz Kielsa	Poland
country of citizenship	Moinuddin Ahmed Chowdhury (1 February 1921 -- 24 December 1998) was a politician in East Pakistan, social benefactor, and member of the Ghugudanga Zemindar family.	Moinuddin Ahmed Chowdhury	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Margaret Dorothy Louise Daniels, MBE (1 August 1916--27 June 1981) was a New Zealand ballet teacher and director.	Margaret Dorothy Louise Daniels	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mia Lövheim (born 1968) is a professor of the Sociology of Religion at Uppsala University in Uppsala, Sweden with a research specialisation in new media.	Mia Lövheim	Sweden
country of citizenship	Patrick Drahi was born in Casablanca, Morocco to a Moroccan Jewish family.	Patrick Drahi	Morocco
country of citizenship	Sita Devi Boudel (Nepali: सीतादेबी बौडेल)is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Sita Devi Boudel	Nepal
country of origin	The inversion of reality in BabaKiueria highlights the unfairness of Australia's past and present Aboriginal policies and the entrenched racism in society.	BabaKiueria	Australia
creator	The Mullets is a sitcom that was created by producers Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein.	The Mullets	Bill Oakley
creator	Be My Valentine, Charlie Brown is the 13th prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	Be My Valentine, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Appointment with Death is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie, first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 May 1938 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company later in the same year.	Appointment with Death	Agatha Christie
creator	Dropping the Pilot is a political cartoon by Sir John Tenniel, first published in the British magazine Punch on 29 March 1890.	Dropping the Pilot	John Tenniel
creator	Black Mirror is a British television anthology series created by Charlie Brooker that features speculative fiction with dark and sometimes satirical themes which examine modern society, particularly with regard to the unanticipated consequences of new technologies.	Black Mirror	Charlie Brooker
creator	OSS 117 is the codename for Hubert Bonisseur de La Bath, a fictional secret agent initially from the pen of the prolific Jean Bruce.	OSS 117	Jean Bruce
creator	Landscape with Polyphemus is a 1649 painting by Nicolas Poussin, a French painter.	Landscape with Polyphemus	Nicolas Poussin
creator	Right and Left is a 1909 oil on canvas painting by the American artist Winslow Homer.	Right and Left	Winslow Homer
creator	Flight of the Storks is a 2012 French English-language action thriller miniseries directed by Jan Kounen and based on Jean-Christophe Grangé's 1994 novel of the same name.	Flight of the Storks	Jan Kounen
creator	Monument to the Revolution of the people of Moslavina or simply Monument to the Revolution (Serbo-Croatian: Spomenik revolucije naroda Moslavine) is a World War II memorial sculpture by Dušan Džamonja, located in Podgarić, Berek, Croatia.	Monument to the Revolution of the people of Moslavina	Dušan Džamonja
creator	Ebony White is a fictional character from the 1940 comics series The Spirit, created by Will Eisner.	Ebony White	Will Eisner
creator	Madame Giry is a fictional character from Gaston Leroux's 1909 novel The Phantom of the Opera.	Madame Giry	Gaston Leroux
creator	Falling Skies is an American science-fiction post-apocalyptic dramatic television series created by Robert Rodat and executive produced by Steven Spielberg.	Falling Skies	Robert Rodat
creator	The Massacre at Chios (French: Scène des massacres de Scio) is the second major oil painting by the French artist Eugène Delacroix.	The Massacre at Chios	Eugène Delacroix
creator	The Daily Show was created by Lizz Winstead and Madeleine Smithberg and premiered on Comedy Central on July 22, 1996, having been marketed as a replacement for Politically Incorrect (a successful Comedy Central program that had moved to ABC earlier that year).	The Daily Show	Madeleine Smithberg
creator	A Wooded Marsh (c. 1660s) is an oil on canvas painting by the Dutch landscape painter Jacob van Ruisdael.	A Wooded Marsh	Jacob van Ruisdael
creator	Christ and the Penitent Sinners or Christ with the four great penitents is a 1617 oil on canvas painting by Peter Paul Rubens.	Christ and the Penitent Sinners	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	The Andrew W. Mellon Memorial Fountain is a bronze fountain sculpture by Sidney Waugh.	Andrew W. Mellon Memorial Fountain	Sidney Waugh
creator	Bratatat! is a 1963 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein in his comic book style of using Ben-Day dots and a text balloon.	Bratatat!	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Brattata is a 1962 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein in his comic book style of using Ben-Day dots and a text balloon.	Brattata	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	Connemara Girl is an 1865 painting by the Irish artist Augustus Nicholas Burke (July 28, 1838 -- 1891).	Connemara Girl	Augustus Nicholas Burke
creator	United States of Tara is an American television comedy-drama created by Diablo Cody, which aired on Showtime from 2009 to 2011.	United States of Tara	Diablo Cody
creator	The Patrick Cudahy Memorial is a public art work by American artist Felix de Weldon, located in Sheridan Park in Cudahy, Wisconsin.	Patrick Cudahy Memorial	Felix de Weldon
creator	A Cotton Office in New Orleans is an 1873 oil painting by Edgar Degas.	A Cotton Office in New Orleans	Edgar Degas
creator	Je t'aime No. IV is a part of Robert Motherwell's Je t'aime series, dating from 1955-1957.	Je t'aime No. IV	Robert Motherwell
creator	New York Undercover was created and produced by Dick Wolf, and its storyline takes place in the same fictional universe as Wolf's NBC series Law & Order, its spin-offs and Homicide:	New York Undercover	Dick Wolf
creator	View of the Garden of the Villa Medici is a small painting by Diego Velázquez of the garden at the Villa Medici in Rome, with some figures standing watching an unseen event, possibly the works behind the scaffolding in the middle of the building in the background.	View of the Garden of the Villa Medici	Diego Velázquez
creator	Consequences of War, also known as Horror of war , was executed between 1638-1639 by Peter Paul Rubens in oil paint on canvas.	Consequences of War	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	Demi's Birthday Suit, or The Suit, was a trompe-l'œil body painting by Joanne Gair photographed by Annie Leibovitz that was featured on the cover of the Vanity Fair August 1992 issue to commemorate and exploit the success of Leibovitz's More Demi Moore cover photo of Demi Moore one year earlier.	Demi's Birthday Suit	Annie Leibovitz
creator	Rêve de printemps (en. Dream of Spring) is a painting by William-Adolphe Bouguereau in the year 1901.	Rêve de printemps	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	Timothy Goes to School is an American/Canadian children's animated cartoon series based on the series of Yoko and other individual books by Rosemary Wells such as ``Shy Charles'', ``Fritz and the Mess Fairy'' and ``Noisy Nora'', but is titled after the book of the same name.	Timothy Goes to School	Rosemary Wells
creator	The Chartist Mural was a mosaic mural designed by Kenneth Budd and created in 1978 in a pedestrian underpass in Newport, South Wales.	Chartist Mural	Kenneth Budd
creator	The Four Stages of Cruelty is a series of four printed engravings published by English artist William Hogarth in 1751.	The Four Stages of Cruelty	William Hogarth
creator	221B Baker Street is the London address of the fictional detective Sherlock Holmes, created by author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	221B Baker Street	Arthur Conan Doyle
creator	The Gualino Madonna is a painting attributed to Italian late medieval artist Duccio di Buoninsegna.	Gualino Madonna	Duccio di Buoninsegna
creator	Combat of Love and Chastity is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Pietro Perugino, currently housed in the Musée du Louvre, in Paris, France.	Combat of Love and Chastity	Pietro Perugino
creator	Charles Marlow is a recurring character in the work of Polish-born English novelist Joseph Conrad.	Charles Marlow	Joseph Conrad
creator	Autosuggestion is a psychological technique that was developed by apothecary Émile Coué at the beginning of the 20th century.	Autosuggestion	Émile Coué
creator	The Feast of the Rosary (German: Rosenkranzfest) is a 1506 oil painting by Albrecht Dürer, now in the National Gallery, Prague, Czech Republic.	Feast of the Rosary	Albrecht Dürer
creator	Doctor Finlay is a British television series based on A. J. Cronin's stories about the fictional hero, Dr. Finlay.	Doctor Finlay	A. J. Cronin
date of birth	Joe Reardon (born 1968) is the former mayor of Kansas City, Kansas and Wyandotte County.	Joe Reardon	1968
date of death	Matsudaira Kiyo (松平 喜代), (1844 --1920) was a Japanese woman of the mid to late 19th century.	Matsudaira Kiyo	1920
date of death	Shanti Kumar Desai (3 March 1908 -- 6 January 1986) also credited as Shanti Kumar, was an Indian music director who gave music to Hindi films between 1934 -1964.	Shanti Kumar Desai	6 January 1986
date of death	Thomas Killigrew (7 February 1612 -- 19 March 1683) was an English dramatist and theatre manager.	Thomas Killigrew	19 March 1683
date of death	The Chizhishizhuhou Chanyu (持至尸逐侯单于; 150--196; reg. 188--195 AD), given name Yufuluo (於夫羅), was a puppet Chanyu of the southern Xiongnu during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history.	Chizhishizhuhou Chanyu	195
date of death	Arvid Franzen (1899-1961) was a Swedish-born accordionist and bandleader, whose live performances and numerous recordings made him a household name in Scandinavian communities throughout the United States.	Arvid Franzen	1961
date of death	Yang Chengfu or Yang Ch'eng-fu (1883--1936) is historically considered the best known teacher of the soft style martial art of Yang-style t'ai chi ch'uan (Yang-style Taijiquan).	Yang Chengfu	1936
date of death	Isidor Seiss (23 December 1840 -- 25 September 1905) was a German composer, conductor, pianist, piano pedagogue and philanthropist.	Isidor Seiss	25 September 1905
date of death	Radomir Naumov (Serbian: Радомир Наумов; 20 December 1946 -- 22 May 2015) was the former Serbian Minister of Religion and Minister of Mining and Energy, in cabinet of PM Vojislav Koštunica.	Radomir Naumov	22 May 2015
date of death	Rufus William Bailey (13 April 1793 -- 25 April 1863) was the founder of Augusta Female Seminary (later Mary Baldwin College), in Staunton, Virginia, and also president of Austin College, in Huntsville, Texas.	Rufus William Bailey	25 April 1863
date of death	Thomas Childs (16 March 1796 - 8 October 1853) was a U.S. soldier who served with distinction during the Mexican-American War.	Thomas Childs	1853
date of death	Genia Melikova Evgenia (January 6, 1924 -- March 5, 2004) was a well-known ballet dancer in Europe in the 50s and 60s who then established a long and prestigious teaching career in the United States.	Genia Melikova	2004
date of death	Samuel Shenton (March 1903 -- 2 March 1971) was the founder in 1956 of the International Flat Earth Research Society (IFERS), usually known as the Flat Earth Society, based in Dover, England.	Samuel Shenton	2 March 1971
date of death	Peduru Hewage William de Silva (8 December 1908 -- 30 July 1988) was a 20th-century Ceylonese politician with Marxist/Trotskyist leanings.	William de Silva	30 July 1988
date of death	Melvin Starkey Henderson (1883--1954) was an American orthopedic surgeon, who was born in St. Paul, Minnesota (USA).	Melvin Starkey Henderson	1954
date of death	William Barefoot (1872 -- November 1941) was a notable local politician in south-east London during the early part of the 20th century.	William Barefoot	November 1941
date of death	William Stewart, 1st Earl of Blessington (7 April 1709 -- 14 August 1769) was an Anglo-Irish peer and member of the House of Lords, styled The Honourable William Stewart until 1728 and known as The Viscount Mountjoy from 1728 to 1745.	William Stewart, 1st Earl of Blessington	14 August 1769
date of death	Aldwin Ferguson (23 March 1935 -- 28 August 2008) was a Trinidad and Tobago footballer.	Aldwin Ferguson	28 August 2008
date of death	Franz de Paula Ferg (1689--1740), also known as Francis Paul Ferg, was an Austrian painter, draughtsman, and printmaker.	Franz de Paula Ferg	1740
date of death	David Frederick Markham MA (1800 -- 31 March 1853) was a Canon of Windsor from 1827 to 1853	David Frederick Markham	31 March 1853
date of death	Sir John Hamilton-Dalrymple, 5th Baronet (2 December 1780 - 26 May 1835) was a Scottish politician and the MP for Haddington Burghs between 1805 and 1806.	Sir John Hamilton-Dalrymple, 5th Baronet	26 May 1835
date of death	Mary Angela Dickens (31 October 1862 -- 7 February 1948) was a British novelist and journalist of the late Victorian and Edwardian eras, and the oldest grandchild of the novelist Charles Dickens.	Mary Angela Dickens	7 February 1948
date of death	Bernhard Wehner (15 December 1909 -- 31 December 1995) was a German criminal inspector, Schutzstaffel (SS) officer, and journalist.	Bernhard Wehner	31 December 1995
date of death	Joseph, 4th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau (German: Joseph Ernst Leonhard Dominik Fürst Kinsky von Wchinitz und Tettau; 12 January 1751 -- 11 August 1798) was the 4th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.	Joseph, 4th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau	11 August 1798
date of death	Alexander A. Parsons (1847 -- 1932) was a journalist and politician in Newfoundland.	Alexander A. Parsons	1932
date of death	Timothy Manlove (1663--1699) was an English Presbyterian minister and physician.	Timothy Manlove	1699
date of death	Mary Hermione Hobhouse MBE (2 February 1934 -- 17 October 2014) was an architectural historian.	Hermione Hobhouse	17 October 2014
date of death	Thomas Newbigging (30 September 1833 -- 1914) was a Scottish historian, writer and engineer.	Thomas Newbigging	1914
date of death	Rhys Gryg (English ``Rhys the Hoarse'') (died 1234), real name Rhys ap Rhys, also known as Rhys Fychan (``The Younger'') was a Welsh prince who ruled part of the Kingdom of Deheubarth.	Rhys Gryg	1234
date of death	Nelson Stepanyan (Armenian: Նելսոն Գևորգի Ստեփանյան, Russian: Нельсон Георгиевич Степанян, Nelson Gevorkovich Stepanyan; 28 March (O.S. 15 March) 1913 -- 14 December 1944) was a Soviet Armenian dive bomber pilot during the Second World War in the Red Air Force.	Nelson Stepanyan	14 December 1944
date of death	Éléonore-Jean-Nicolas Soleil (Cherbourg, 6 January 1767 -- Octeville, 11 March 1824) was a French Navy officer and captain.	Éléonore-Jean-Nicolas Soleil	11 March 1824
date of death	George Bryant Campion (1795--1870) was an English watercolour landscape painter.	George Bryant Campion	1870
date of death	Deborah Makepeace (1957, Yorkshire--1999) was a British television actress.	Deborah Makepeace	1999
date of death	Ricardo Brillantes (1912 -- November 1961) was a Filipino prewar actor and also film director and a prominent writer for Bulaklak and Liwayway magazines, who made his first movie under Liwayway Pictures in 1938's Spanish Civil War movie of Mutya ng Katipunan aka Muse of Katipunan.	Ricardo Brillantes	1961
date of death	Irena Jurgielewiczowa (née Drozdowicz; 13 January 1903 -- 25 May 2003) was a Polish teacher and writer of children's literature and young adult literature.	Irena Jurgielewiczowa	25 May 2003
date of death	Lawrence Batley (1911 -- 27 August 2002) was an entrepreneur and philanthropist who was born in the town of Huddersfield, in the English county of Yorkshire.	Lawrence Batley	27 August 2002
date of death	Sir Ralph Molyneux Combe (2 December 1872 -- 16 February 1946) was a British barrister and colonial judge.	Ralph Molyneux Combe	16 February 1946
date of death	Albert Chevalier born Albert Onésime Britannicus Gwathveoyd Louis Chevalier; (21 March 1861 -- 10 July 1923), was an English music hall comedian, singer and musical theatre actor.	Albert Chevalier	10 July 1923
date of death	George Harris Butler (1840--1886), the nephew of a prominent Massachusetts Congressman, was appointed Consul General in Alexandria, Egypt, in 1870.	George Harris Butler	1886
date of death	Murong Sheng (Chinese: 慕容盛; 373--401), courtesy name Daoyun (道運), formally Emperor Zhaowu of (Later) Yan ((後)燕昭武帝), was an emperor of the Xianbei state Later Yan.	Murong Sheng	401
date of death	Saint Cunera of Rhenen, (also Kunera of Rhenen, or St. C / Kunera of Rhenen) (deceased Rhenen, 28 October 340) was a virgin and martyr.	Saint Cunera	340
date of death	Richard Tolson (1622--1689) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1646 to 1648 and in 1660.	Richard Tolson	1689
date of death	Muhsin al Amin (1867-1952) was a leading Shi'a cleric in Lebanon.	Muhsin al Amin	1952
date of death	Hec McKay (15 December 1904 -- 15 March 1969) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the VFL.	Hec McKay	15 March 1969
date of death	Samuel Penny (1808-1853) was an American Episcopal clergyman.	Samuel Penny	1853
date of death	Sir John Boreham, KCB (1925 -- 8 June 1994) was a government statistician and the director of what was the Central Statistical Office of the United Kingdom from 1978 to 1985.	John Boreham	8 June 1994
date of death	Teddy Yarosz (24 June 1910 -- 29 March 1974) was an American athlete in boxing.	Teddy Yarosz	29 March 1974
date of death	Charles Raymbault (1602 in France - 1643 in Quebec) was a Jesuit missionary.	Charles Raymbault	1643
date of death	Sowar Ditto Ram of the Central India Horse (21st King George Vs. Own Horse), Indian Armoured Corps, in the Indian Army during World War II was posthumously awarded the George Cross for his gallantry in helping a wounded comrade on 23 July 1944 at Monte Cassino in Italy.	Ditto Ram	1944
date of death	Helen Augur (died 1969) was an American journalist and historical writer.	Helen Augur	1969
date of death	Frederick Ayres (born 17 March 1876; died 23 Nov 1926) was an American composer.	Frederick Ayres	1926
date of death	Frédéric Samuel Cordey (1854 - 1911) was a French landscape painter who was a part of the Impressionist movement.	Frédéric Samuel Cordey	1911
date of death	Lewis Wogan (c.1649 -- 1702) was one of the Wogans of Boulston, in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Lewis Wogan	1702
date of death	Colonel Henry Halcro Johnston CB CBE DL FRSE FLS (13 September 1856 -- 18 October 1939) was a Scottish botanist, physician, rugby union international and Deputy Lieutenant for Orkney.	Henry Halcro Johnston	18 October 1939
date of death	Prince Saunders (1775--1839) was an African-American teacher, scholar, diplomat, and author who was born in either Lebanon, Connecticut or Thetford, Vermont according to various sources.	Prince Saunders	1839
date of death	Napoleone della Torre (died 16 August 1278), also known as Napo della Torre or Napo Torriani, was an Italian nobleman, who was effective Lord of Milan in the late 13th century.	Napoleone della Torre	16 August 1278
date of death	Rogier van der Weyden (Dutch: (roːˈɣiːr vɑn dɛr ˈʋɛi̯də(n))) or Roger de la Pasture (1399 or 1400 -- 18 June 1464) was an Early Netherlandish painter.	Rogier van der Weyden	18 June 1464
date of death	Kåre Rodahl (17 August 1917 -- 10 July 2008) was a Norwegian physician and physiologist, a research fellow in Arctic physiology and medicine in the United States, and a professor at the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences.	Kåre Rodahl	10 July 2008
date of death	Luis de la Cerda, 1st Marquis of Cogolludo (in full, Spanish: Don Luis de la Cerda y Portugal, primer marqués de Cogolludo) (c. 1506--1536) was a Spanish nobleman.	Luis de la Cerda, 1st Marquis of Cogolludo	1536
date of death	Silas Blackman (1835--1926), also described as Silas Blackmun, was a state representative for Minnesota's 8th district serving Cottonwood and Watonwan counties.	Silas Blackman	1926
date of death	Vimi (died 22 August 1977) was a Bollywood actress who acted in indian films such as Hamraaz and Patanga.	Vimi	22 August 1977
date of death	Hugh Davis Graham (2 September 1936 -- 26 March 2002) was an American historian and sociologist.	Hugh Davis Graham	26 March 2002
date of death	Freddy Cousaert (1937 -- 19 August 1998) was a Belgian disc jockey, club owner and concert promoter, who was influential in developing an audience for authentic rhythm and blues music in Europe, and, in particular, for his role in the career of Marvin Gaye.	Freddy Cousaert	1998
date of death	Walter Wilson Froggatt (13 June 1858 -- 18 March 1937) was an Australian economic entomologist.	Walter Wilson Froggatt	18 March 1937
date of death	Tibor Reich ATI, FSIA, FRSA (1 October, 1916 -- 3 February, 1996) was one of Britain's pioneering post-war textile designers.	Tibor Reich	3 February, 1996
date of death	Kenneth Smales (15 September 1927 -- 10 March 2015) was an English former first-class cricketer, who played thirteen games for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1948 to 1950, and 148 matches for Nottinghamshire from 1951 to 1958.	Kenneth Smales	10 March 2015
date of death	William G. Rohrer (1909-1989) was an American Republican Party politician, businessman and philanthropist who served as the Mayor of Haddon Township, New Jersey for 36 years.	William G. Rohrer	1989
date of death	Roger de Montbegon (Roger de Mumbezon, Roger de Mont Begon) (died 1226) was a landowner in northern England (especially or particularly Lancashire), Baron of Hornby, and one of the Magna Carta sureties.	Roger de Montbegon	1226
date of death	Johannes Holt (12 November 1917 -- 11 January 2011) was a Norwegian resistance member, engineer and mountaineer.	Johannes Holt	11 January 2011
date of death	Mona Barrie (18 December 1909 -- 27 June 1964) was an English actress in American theatre and films.	Mona Barrie	27 June 1964
date of death	Mickey Patel (1941--1994) was an Indian cartoonist and illustrator OF books and magazines, as well as a painter and designer.	Mickey Patel	1994
date of death	Marianne Wischmann (1921--2009) was a German film and television actress as well as a renowned voice actress.	Marianne Wischmann	2009
date of death	Matthias Bartgis (1759 -- 1825) was a pioneer German-American printer in Western Maryland, Virginia, and Pennsylvania.	Matthias Bartgis	1825
date of death	Elsa Buchanan (22 December 1908 -- 17 January 2004) was an English character actress with a brief career in theatre and film.	Elsa Buchanan	17 January 2004
date of death	Mohammed Deif (Arabic: محمّد ضيف ‎; born 1965 in Khan Younis), born Mohammed Diab Ibrahim al-Masri, serves as the chief commander of Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the organization Hamas.	Mohammed Deif	1965
date of death	Caughey Roberts (August 25, 1912 -- December 15, 1990) was an American jazz alto sax player, best known for his time in the Count Basie Orchestra in the 1930s.	Caughey Roberts	1990
date of death	Sir John Jephson (died 6 May 1638) was an English soldier and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1625.	John Jephson	6 May 1638
date of death	King Gogukcheon of Goguryeo (died 197, r. 179--197) was the ninth monarch of Goguryeo, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Gogukcheon of Goguryeo	197
date of death	Horst Wende (5 November 1919 -- 23 January 1996) was a German bandleader, arranger and composer.	Horst Wende	23 January 1996
date of death	Li Renhan (李仁罕) (died 934), courtesy name Demei (德美), was a major general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period Later Shu.	Li Renhan	934
date of death	Jane Benham MBE (28 January 1943, Colchester, Essex -- June 1992, Colchester) was instrumental in the formation and operation of the East Coast Sail Trust, a charitable institution devoted to both character building for young people through sail training, and preservation of Thames sailing barges.	Jane Benham	1992
date of death	Kshetrayya (or Kshetragna) (c. 1600--1680) was a prolific Telugu poet and composer of Carnatic music.	Kshetrayya	1680
date of death	Aleksander Kreek (21 July 1914 -- 19 August 1977) was an Estonian track and field athlete who specialised in the shot put.	Aleksander Kreek	19 August 1977
date of death	Secundus of Non or Trent authored History of the Acts of the Langobards, up to 612.	Secundus of Non	612
date of death	Alec B. Francis (2 December 1867 -- 6 July 1934) was an English actor, largely of the silent era.	Alec B. Francis	6 July 1934
date of death	Demir Vlonjati (c. 1780-1845) born Demir Mystehaku and also known as Demir Aga Vlonjakasi was an Albanian folk singer, composer and poet.	Demir Vlonjati	1845
date of death	Sir Richard St George (c1550--1635) was a long-serving officer of arms at the College of Arms on London during the seventeenth century.	Richard St George	1635
date of death	Alverdo Adair Geitgey Geitgey (1864--1932) was a Baker County, Florida landowner and developer who helped found Glen St. Mary.	Alverdo Adair Geitgey	1932
date of death	Richard Handcock, 3rd Baron Castlemaine (17 November 1791 -- 4 July 1869) was an Irish peer and Tory politician.	Richard Handcock, 3rd Baron Castlemaine	4 July 1869
date of death	Rudi M. Brewster (May 8, 1932 - September 7, 2012) was a United States Federal Judge, best known for 2006 ruling in a patent infringements suit against Microsoft tied to the licensing of the MP3 format.	Rudi M. Brewster	2012
date of death	Eric Estorick (13 February 1913 -- 25 December 1993) was an American art collector, art dealer and author, who lived in London.	Eric Estorick	25 December 1993
date of death	Joseph Birch (6 July 1904 -- 4 December 1980), generally known as Joe Birch, was an English professional footballer who made more than 200 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham, Bournemouth & Boscombe Athletic and Fulham.	Joe Birch	4 December 1980
date of death	Georges Augustus Gaston De Coppens (1836-1862) was a Confederate Lieutenant Colonel who was killed at the Battle of Antietam.	Georges Augustus Gaston De Coppens	1862
date of death	Michael Wohlfahrt (1687--1741), aka Michael Welfare, was a religious leader who assisted Conrad Beissel in leading the Ephrata Community in Pennsylvania.	Michael Wohlfahrt	1741
date of death	Dilys Grace Edmunds (1879--1926), an early twentieth century teacher in India from a Welsh Calvinistic Methodist background, whose fund-raising work supported school building programmes in the Karimanj District of India.	Dilys Grace Edmunds	1926
date of death	Enayet Karim (Bengali: এনায়েত করিম) (1927--1974) was a Bangladeshi diplomat.	Enayet Karim	1974
date of death	Louise Marie de La Grange d'Arquien (28 June 1638 -- 11 November 1728) was a French noblewoman, the elder sister of Marie Casimire Louise de La Grange d'Arquien, Queen of Poland.	Louise Marie de La Grange d'Arquien	11 November 1728
date of death	Amos McLemore (August 23, 1823 -- October 5, 1863) of Jones County, Mississippi, was a schoolteacher, Methodist Episcopal minister, merchant and Confederate States Army soldier.	Amos McLemore	1863
date of death	Thomas Creswick RA (5 February 1811 -- 28 December 1869) was an English landscape painter and illustrator, and one of the best-known members of the Birmingham School of landscape painters.	Thomas Creswick	28 December 1869
date of death	William Melmoth Walters (1835-1925) was a former President of the Incorporated Law Society (1891-1892) and member of an old Somerset family.	William Melmoth Walters	1925
date of death	Aharon-Ya'akov Greenberg (Hebrew: אהרן-יעקב גרינברג‎, born 15 March 1900, died 2 April 1963) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset from 1949 until 1951, and again from 1955 until his death in 1963.	Aharon-Ya'akov Greenberg	2 April 1963
date of death	Gregorio Marzán (1906--1997) was a Puerto Rican self-taught artist in New York City.	Gregorio Marzán	1997
date of death	John Horse (c. 1812--1882), also known as Juan Caballo, Juan Cavallo, John Cowaya (with spelling variations) and Gopher John, was of mixed ancestry (African and Seminole Indian) who fought alongside the Seminoles in the Second Seminole War in Florida.	John Horse	1882
date of death	Mrs Markham, the pseudonym of Elizabeth Penrose (3 August 1780 -- 24 January 1837) was an English writer.	Mrs Markham	24 January 1837
date of death	Dionisio Arce (14 June 1927 in San Juan de Las Misiones -- 5 November 2000) is a former Paraguayan football player.	Dionisio Arce	5 November 2000
date of death	William Phylip (c.1590-1670) was a Welsh poet and Royalist supporter.	William Phylip	1670
date of death	Meena Shorey (1921--1989) was an Indian cinema and later Pakistani cinema actress, who worked in Hindi/Urdu and Punjabi films.	Meena Shorey	1989
date of death	Oswaldo Payá Sardiñas (29 February 1952 -- 22 July 2012) was a Cuban political activist.	Oswaldo Payá	22 July 2012
date of death	David Wolffsohn (Yiddish: דוד וואלפסאן‎; Hebrew: דוד וולפסון‎; 9 October 1856, Darbėnai (Polish: Dorbiany), Kovno Governorate - 15 September 1914) was a Lithuanian-Jewish businessman, prominent early Zionist and second president of the Zionist Organization (ZO).	David Wolffsohn	15 September 1914
date of death	Zbigniew Karkowski (born 14 March 1958 -- 12 December 2013) was a Polish experimental musician and composer.	Zbigniew Karkowski	12 December 2013
date of death	Jeff Crouch (7 August 1934 -- 5 August 1994) was a leading Australian rules football field umpire in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in the 1960s, and 1970s.	Jeff Crouch	5 August 1994
date of death	Lobby Loyde (born John Baslington Lyde, 18 May 1941 -- 21 April 2007), also known as John Barrie Lyde or Barry Lyde, was an Australian rock music guitarist, songwriter and producer.	Lobby Loyde	21 April 2007
date of death	George Buchanan (Scottish Gaelic: Seòras Bochanan; February 1506 -- 28 September 1582) was a Scottish historian and humanist scholar.	George Buchanan	28 September 1582
date of death	Jacob Floris van Langren (c. 1525 - 27 July 1610) was a Dutch cartographer and globe-maker who established a family dynasty of three generations in those professions.	Jacob Floris van Langren	27 July 1610
date of death	Lovisa von Burghausen (1698 -- 20 January 1733) was a Swedish memoirist who became famous for her story about her time in captivity as a slave in Russia after being taken prisoner by the Russians during the Great Northern War.	Lovisa von Burghausen	20 January 1733
date of death	David Cox (9 July 1809 -- 6 December 1885), known as David Cox the Younger, David Cox II or David Cox Jr. to distinguish him from his better-known father David Cox, was an English painter in watercolour, mostly of landscapes.	David Cox Jr.	6 December 1885
date of death	Lemvo Jean Abou Bakar Depara, known as Depara (1928--1997), was an Angolan-born photographer who worked in the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Depara	1997
date of death	Mrinalini Sarabhai (11 May 1918 -- 21 January 2016) was an Indian classical dancer, choreographer and instructor.	Mrinalini Sarabhai	21 January 2016
date of death	Rosemond Mountain or Rosemond Wilkinson (died 3 July 1841) was a British actress.	Rosemond Mountain	1841
date of death	Gil Jae or Kil Jae (1353--1419) was a Neo-Confucian scholar, politician, and writer of Korea's Goryeo Dynasty and early Joseon Dynasty.	Gil Jae	1419
date of death	José Carlos Rodrigues (1844--1922) was a Brazilian journalist, financial expert, and philanthropist, with connections to both the United States and Great Britain.	José Carlos Rodrigues	1922
date of death	Jukka Tapanimäki (11 August 1961 -- 1 May 2000) was a Finnish game programmer.	Jukka Tapanimäki	1 May 2000
date of death	Raoul Paoli (24 November 1887 -- 23 March 1960) was a French athlete, boxer, rower and actor.	Raoul Paoli	23 March 1960
date of death	Newton Smith Fielding (1799--1856), was an English painter and lithographer.	Newton Smith Fielding	1856
date of death	John Harris Browne (22 April 1817 -- 12 January 1904), generally referred to as J. Harris Browne, was an explorer in Australia and a pioneer pastoralist.	John Harris Browne	12 January 1904
date of death	Margareta Sofia Lagerqvist (1771 -- 6 June 1800, in Norrköping) was a noted Swedish opera singer and stage actress.	Margareta Sofia Lagerqvist	6 June 1800
date of death	Sheikh Emad Effat (c. 1959 -- 2011) was a senior Egyptian Sunni Islamic cleric at al-Azhar Mosque who was shot and killed during protest demonstrations 15 December 2011.	Emad Effat	2011
date of death	Alice Jamieson (1860-1949) was an American Calgary, Alberta feminist and magistrate.	Alice Jamieson	1949
date of death	Cellach mac Máele Coba (died 658) was an Irish king and is said to have been High King of Ireland.	Cellach mac Máele Coba	658
date of death	Paul Waymond Caine (1891 -- 1931) was a founder of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated.	Paul Waymond Caine	1931
date of death	Alice Thomas Ellis (born Anna Margaret Lindholm, 9 September 1932 -- 8 March 2005) was a British writer and essayist.	Alice Thomas Ellis	8 March 2005
date of death	Pacificus Baker, O.F.M. (1695--1774), was an English Minorite friar and noted Catholic spiritual writer of the 18th century.	Pacificus Baker	1774
date of death	Hagbarth Schjøtt, Jr. (25 February 1920 -- 2001) was a Norwegian resistance member during World War II and later businessperson.	Hagbarth Schjøtt, Jr.	2001
date of death	Blessed Jordan of Pisa (or Giordano da Pisa) (c. 1255 -- 19 August 1311) was a Dominican theologian and preacher, the first whose vernacular Italian sermons are preserved.	Jordan of Pisa	19 August 1311
date of death	Zha Fuxi (Chinese: 查阜西; 1895--1976), also known as Zha Yiping (查夷平) was a leading player and scholar of the guqin.	Zha Fuxi	1976
date of death	John Darcy, 1st Baron Darcy de Knayth (c. 1290 -- 30 May 1347) was an English peer.	John Darcy, 1st Baron Darcy de Knayth	1347
date of death	Lawrence Stenhouse (29 March 1926-1982) was a British educational thinker who sought to promote an active role for teachers in educational research and curriculum development.	Lawrence Stenhouse	1982
date of death	Mieczysław Dziemieszkiewicz, ps. Rój (25 January 1925 -- 14 April 1951) --	Mieczysław Dziemieszkiewicz	14 April 1951
date of death	Henry Clay Fry (1840 -- 1929) was an American entrepreneur in the glass industry in the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century.	Henry Clay Fry	1929
date of death	Jack Deas (5 November 1875 -- 23 August 1949) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne, Fitzroy and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Deas	23 August 1949
date of death	Andreas Laskaratos (Greek: Ανδρέας Λασκαράτος; 1 May 1811 -- 23/24 July 1901) was a satirical poet and writer from the Ionian island of Cefalonia (or Kefallinia), representative of the Heptanese School (literature).	Andreas Laskaratos	1901
date of death	Peter Dale Wimbrow, usually known as Dale Wimbrow, (June 6, 1895 -- 1954) was an American composer, radio artist and writer.	Dale Wimbrow	1954
date of death	Sir Piers Crosby (1590-1646) was an Irish soldier and politician.	Piers Crosby	1646
date of death	Mary Ann Lawrenson, née Molyneux (1850-1943) was an English activist in the co-operative movement.	Mary Ann Lawrenson	1943
date of death	William Sotwell (1571--1639) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1624.	William Sotwell	1639
date of death	Matthew Nicholas (1594--1661) was an English Dean of St. Paul's Cathedral, London.	Matthew Nicholas	1661
date of death	August Enna (13 May 1859 -- 3 August 1939) was a Danish composer, known mainly for his operas.	August Enna	3 August 1939
date of death	Alexander Leeper (3 June 1848 -- 6 August 1934), was an Australian educationist.	Alexander Leeper	6 August 1934
date of death	Marjorie Fleming (also spelt Marjory; 15 January 1803 -- 19 December 1811) was a Scottish child writer and poet.	Marjorie Fleming	19 December 1811
date of death	General Joseph Yorke, 1st Baron Dover KB, PC (24 June 1724 -- 2 December 1792), styled The Honourable Joseph Yorke until 1761 and The Honourable Sir Joseph Yorke between 1761 and 1788, was a British soldier, diplomat and Whig politician.	Joseph Yorke, 1st Baron Dover	2 December 1792
date of death	Linus Parker (23 April 1829 -- 5 March 1885) was a Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, elected in 1882.	Linus Parker	5 March 1885
date of death	Carl Gustaf Ekman (6 October 1872 -- 15 June 1945) was a Swedish politician, Member of Parliament 1911-1932 (both lower and upper houses), leader of the Freeminded People's Party 1924-1932 and Prime Minister from 1926 to 1928 and again from 1930 to 1932.	Carl Gustaf Ekman	15 June 1945
date of death	Gundemar was a Visigothic King of Hispania, Septimania and Galicia (610--612).	Gundemar	612
date of death	John William Foster (1745 -- January 1809), of Rosy Park, was an Anglo-Irish volunteer and politician.	John William Foster	1809
date of death	Kurt Blasberg (14 July 1902 -- 15 December 1967) was a German naval officer and group leader in the 36.	Kurt Blasberg	15 December 1967
date of death	Dr. Gad Rausing (19 May 1922 -- 28 January 2000) was a Swedish industrialist and archaeologist.	Gad Rausing	28 January 2000
date of death	George Littlewood (1859--1912) was a professional pedestrian.	George Littlewood	1912
date of death	Sir Henry Dymoke, 1st Baronet (1801 -- 28 April 1865), was a British landowner and the hereditary King's Champion.	Henry Dymoke	28 April 1865
date of death	Gistemar, Ghislemar, or Gilmer (died 684) was briefly the mayor of the palace in Neustria and Burgundy after deposing his father Waratton in 682.	Gistemar	684
date of death	Harriet Slater CBE (née Evans; 1903 -- 12 October 1976) was a British Labour and Co-operative politician.	Harriet Slater	12 October 1976
date of death	General Sir William Erskine Baker KCB (29 November 1808 -- 16 December 1881) was a senior British Indian Army officer who went on to be Military Secretary to the India Office.	William Erskine Baker	16 December 1881
date of death	Lars Larsson Eldstierna (originally Eld) (c. 1623--1701) was a Swedish landshövding (governor) and the founder of the noble family of Eldstierna.	Lars Larsson Eldstierna	1701
date of death	Philipp Schall von Bell (died 1560) was the commander-in-chief (Landmarschall) of the Livonian Order forces during the first two years of the Livonian War (1558--1583).	Philipp Schall von Bell	1560
date of death	Harry Toole (7 September 1897 -- 13 August 1958) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harry Toole	13 August 1958
date of death	Wayne Crouse (16 December 1924 - 19 May 2000) was the viola professor emeritus at the University of Oklahoma and principal violist of the Oklahoma City Philharmonic from 1982 until his death from cancer at the age of 75.	Wayne Crouse	19 May 2000
date of death	Simon Lowth (1636--1720) was an English nonjuring clergyman, nominated by James II as Dean of Rochester, and later a controversialist on the position of bishops.	Simon Lowth	1720
date of death	Anton Anderson (1892--1960) was chief engineer of the Alaska Railroad and served as Mayor of Anchorage, Alaska from 1956 to 1958.	Anton Anderson	1960
date of death	Henry Gough-Calthorpe, 1st Baron Calthorpe (1 January 1749 -- 16 March 1798), known until 1796 as Sir Henry Gough, 2nd Baronet, was a British politician.	Henry Gough-Calthorpe, 1st Baron Calthorpe	16 March 1798
date of death	Robert Ransome (1753 -- 7 March 1830) was an English maker of agricultural implements.	Robert Ransome	7 March 1830
date of death	Reccared II (in Spanish, Galician and Portuguese, Recaredo), (? -- 16 April 621) was Visigothic King of Hispania, Septimania and Galicia briefly in 621.	Reccared II	621
date of death	Pierre Lalouette de Vernicourt (1711 - 1792) was a distinguished French anatomist.	Pierre Lalouette	1792
date of death	Fatma Aliye Topuz (9 October 1862 -- 13 July 1936), often known simply as Fatma Aliye or Fatma Aliye Hanım, was a Turkish novelist, columnist, essayist, women's rights activist and humanitarian.	Fatma Aliye Topuz	13 July 1936
date of death	Weng Wenhao (simplified Chinese: 翁文灏; traditional Chinese: 翁文灝; pinyin: Wēng Wénhào; 1889 -- 27 January 1971) was a Chinese geologist, educator, and paramount politician.	Weng Wenhao	27 January 1971
date of death	Captain Samuel Brady (1756--1795) was a frontier scout, notorious Indian fighter, and the subject of many legends, in the history of western Pennsylvania and northeastern Ohio.	Samuel Brady	1795
date of death	John Hesselius (1728--1778) was a portraitist who worked mostly in Virginia and Maryland.	John Hesselius	1778
date of death	Colonel Shafaat Jamil (Bengali: শাফায়াত জামিল), Bir Bikram (1 March 1940 - 11 August 2012) a career Bangladesh Army officer, was Commanding Officer of the 3rd East Bengal Regiment of Z Force Brigade in Sector 11 of Bangladesh Forces during the War of Bangladesh Independence in 1971.	Shafaat Jamil	11 August 2012
date of death	Michael Rabbet (or Rabbett) (c. 1562 -- 5 February 1630) was an English clergyman and translator of the Authorised King James Version of the Bible.	Michael Rabbet	1630
date of death	Abraham Stupp (Hebrew: אברהם סטופ‎, 1897 -- 26 September 1968) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1955.	Abraham Stupp	26 September 1968
date of death	Enrico Lorenzetti (4 January 1911 -- 8 August 1989) was an Italian professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer who competed in the 1940s and 1950s.	Enrico Lorenzetti	8 August 1989
date of death	Paweł Działyński (Latin: Paulus Dzialinski; born 1560 -- died 1609) of Ogończyk coat of arms, was a Polish courtier, royal secretary, ambassador and governor of Bobrowniki and Radziejów.	Paweł Działyński	1609
date of death	Nathaniel Wheeler (b. Watertown, Litchfield county., Connecticut, Sept. 7, 1820; d. Bridgeport, Dec. 31. 1893) was an American manufacturer and legislator.	Nathaniel Wheeler	1893
date of death	Professor Frederick William Shotton FRS (1906--1990) was a British geologist.	Frederick William Shotton	1990
date of death	Tiziano Pagan De Paganis (Verona, 1858 -- Bologna, 1932) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes and genre subjects.	Tiziano Pagan De Paganis	1932
date of death	Philipp Foltz (11 May 1805 -- 5 August 1877) was a German historical painter, born at Bingen.	Philipp Foltz	5 August 1877
date of death	Achille Brocot (pronounced ``broco'') (11 July 1817 -- 19 January 1878) was a French clockmaker and amateur mathematician.	Achille Brocot	1878
date of death	Henry Joseph Grayson (9 May 1856 -- 21 March 1918) was a British-born Australian nurseryman and scientist, best known as the designer of a machine for ruling diffraction gratings.	Henry Joseph Grayson	21 March 1918
date of death	Yisrael Guri (Hebrew: ישראל גורי‎, born Yisrael Gurfinkel in 1893, died 17 September 1965) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1949 and 1965.	Yisrael Guri	17 September 1965
date of death	Hippolyte Lippens (16 October 1847 -- 31 December 1906) was a lawyer, manager of sugar factories and a Belgian liberal politician.	Hippolyte Lippens	31 December 1906
date of death	Alonso de Reinoso (or Reynoso) (1518--1567) was a Spanish Conquistador in Honduras, Mexico, Peru and Chile.	Alonso de Reinoso	1567
date of death	George Sava (1903--1996) was a British surgeon and prolific writer of Russian origin.	George Sava	1996
date of death	James McLaren Henderson (1 May 1907 -- 5 March 2009), better known as Mac Henderson was a Scottish international rugby union player and businessman, founding one of Edinburgh's most famous restaurants, Henderson's.	Mac Henderson	5 March 2009
date of death	Kreeta Haapasalo, or Kantele-Kreeta (13 November 1813 - 29 March 1893), was a Finnish kantele-player, singer and folk musician.	Kreeta Haapasalo	29 March 1893
date of death	Michael Clemente (August 29, 1908 -- December 1987), also known as ``Mike Costello'' and ``Big Mike'', was a New York mobster with the Genovese crime family who became a major force in controlling the East River waterfront of Manhattan from the 1950s to 1979.	Michael Clemente	1987
date of death	Bjørn Gunnar Olsen (1942 -- 1992) was a Norwegian journalist, novelist, playwright and biographer.	Bjørn Gunnar Olsen	1992
date of death	Captain Gallagher (died 1818) was an Irish highwayman who, as one of the later Irish Rapparees (guerrillas), led a bandit group in the hills of the Irish countryside, armed with a blunderbuss, of the day, during the late 18th and early 19th century.	Captain Gallagher	1818
date of death	Edward Frederick Sanderson (1874--1955) was a Congregational minister who served in Beverly, Massachusetts, Central Congregational Church in Providence, Rhode Island and at Plymouth Church of the Pilgrims in Brooklyn Heights, New York.	Edward Frederick Sanderson	1955
date of death	Christine Marion Fraser (24 March 1938 -- 22 November 2002) was a Scottish author of popular fiction.	Christine Marion Fraser	22 November 2002
date of death	Joe Avezzano (17 November 1943 -- 5 April 2012) was an American football player and coach.	Joe Avezzano	5 April 2012
date of death	Máirtín Ó Cadhain ((ˈmɑːrtʲiːnʲ oː ˈkainʲ); 1906 -- 18 October 1970) was one of the most prominent Irish language writers of the twentieth century.	Máirtín Ó Cadhain	18 October 1970
date of death	Grand Ayatollah Mirza Mohsen Koochebaghi Tabrizi (9 January 1924 -- 3 August 2011) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja.	Mohsen Koochebaghi Tabrizi	3 August 2011
date of death	Per Olof Arne Palmqvist, born 28 May 1921 in Brunflo, Jämtland, died 15 January 2003 in Uppsala.	Arne Palmqvist	2003
date of death	Stanhope Aspinwall (born 5 July 1713 in Liverpool, England and died on 17 January 1771) was a British diplomat.	Stanhope Aspinwall	17 January 1771
date of death	Ta'isi Olaf Frederick Nelson, (24 February 1883 - 28 February 1944), also known as Ta'isi O. F. Nelson, was a successful businessman and one of the founding leaders of the Mau movement for Samoan independence from colonial rule.	Olaf Frederick Nelson	28 February 1944
date of death	Hugh Curwen (died 1 November 1568) was an English ecclesiastic and statesman.	Hugh Curwen	1 November 1568
date of death	Sir Herbert Ashcombe Walker, KCB (15 May 1868 -- 29 September 1949) was a British railway manager.	Herbert Ashcombe Walker	29 September 1949
date of death	Fred Cairns (1857 Scotland -- 1 April 1896, Johannesburg, South Africa ) was a well-known British comedian and music hall artist of the Victorian age.	Fred Cairns	1 April 1896
date of death	Christina Nilsdotter (died 1399) was a Swedish singer and song teacher.	Christina Nilsdotter	1399
date of death	Leandro Gallerano (fl. 1615-1632) was an Italian composer.	Leandro Gallerano	1632
date of death	Neville Waller (17 September 1932 -- 10 January 1998) was an Australian rules footballer, who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Neville Waller	10 January 1998
date of death	Salih Gjuka (1876-1925) was an Albanian teacher and activist of the Albanian National Awakening.	Salih Gjuka	1925
date of death	Sadettin Heper (1899--1980) was a composer of Turkish music considered as an important link to the world of Turkish Mevlevi music before the foundation of the Turkish Republic in 1923.	Sadettin Heper	1980
date of death	Charles Rattray Smith M.A. (Aberdeen) died at his residence ``Tremenheere'', 16 McClelland Street, Willoughby on 10 June 1941 aged 81 years.	Charles Rattray Smith	10 June 1941
date of death	Licerio Gerónimo (August 27, 1855--January 16, 1924) was a general of the Philippine Revolutionary Forces under Emilio Aguinaldo.	Licerio Gerónimo	1924
date of death	Juana Galán (1787--1812), nicknamed La Galana, was a guerrilla fighter of the Peninsular War (1808--1814) who took to the street to fight against the French cavalry that tried to pass through the town of Valdepeñas.	Juana Galán	1812
date of death	Toros Toramanian (Armenian: Թորոս Թորամանեան; 1864 -- March 1, 1934) was a prominent Armenian architect and architectural historian.	Toros Toramanian	1934
date of death	Sir John Lloyd, 1st Baronet (ca. 1617 -- 1 January 1664) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1660.	Sir John Lloyd, 1st Baronet	1 January 1664
date of death	Georges Chanot III (11 January 1831--11 March 1895) was a French luthier (or violin-maker) who ran a successful business in London in the late 19th-century.	Georges Chanot III	11 March 1895
date of death	John Bryn Roberts (8 January 1843 -- 14 April 1931) was a Welsh lawyer, later a judge and Liberal politician.	John Bryn Roberts	14 April 1931
date of death	Dominick Dubh Lynch, died 14 August 1508, second Mayor of Galway.	Dominick Dubh Lynch	1508
date of death	Francis Dalzell Finlay (1793--1857), was an Irish journalist.	Francis Dalzell Finlay	1857
date of death	Colonel Frederick R. De Funiak, formerly superintendent of machinery for the Louisville & Nashville, died at his residence in Louisville, Kentucky, on March 29, 1905 at age 65.	Frederick R. De Funiak	1905
date of death	Adolph von Morlot (also: Charles Adolph de Morlot; see Note 1) (5 April 1820 - 10 February 1867) was a scientist who specialized in geology and later in archaeology.	Adolph von Morlot	10 February 1867
date of death	Marcello Siniscalco (31 July 1924 -- 29 November 2013) was an Italian scientist at the forefront of the development of the nascent field of genetics.	Marcello Siniscalco	29 November 2013
date of death	Sir John Glanville the younger (1586--2 October 1661), was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1644.	John Glanville	1661
date of death	Gareth Hoskins OBE (15 April 1967 -- 9 January 2016) was a Scottish architect.	Gareth Hoskins	9 January 2016
date of death	Abraham Kenneth Snowman CBE FSA (26 July 1919 -- 9 July 2002) was a British jeweller, painter and chairman of Wartski.	Kenneth Snowman	9 July 2002
date of death	Greville Phillimore (1821-1884) was a priest of the Church of England and hymnal compiler.	Greville Phillimore	1884
date of death	Preben von Ahnen (18 September 1606 -- 15 November 1675) was a German-born civil servant and landowner in Norway.	Preben von Ahnen	15 November 1675
date of death	Robert Clutterbuck (1772--1831) was an English antiquary and topographer.	Robert Clutterbuck	1831
date of death	Valerio Belli (c. 1468 -- 1546), also known as Valerio Vicentino, was a celebrated medallist and gem engraver, who with Giovanni Bernardi, who was twenty years younger, was the leading specialist in intaglios engraved in rock crystal, a difficult luxury form which Belli pioneered.	Valerio Belli	1546
date of death	Gentile Virginio Orsini (c. 1434 -- 8 January 1497) was an Italian condottiero and vassal of the papal throne and the Kingdom of Naples, mainly remembered as the powerful head of the Orsini family during its feud with Pope Alexander VI (Rodrigo Borgia).	Virginio Orsini	8 January 1497
date of death	Surgeon General George Bidie CIE (3 April 1830 -- 19 February 1913) was a British physician who worked in India in the Madras Medical Service.	George Bidie	19 February 1913
date of death	Frederik Carl Gram Schrøder (19 July 1866 -- 13 August 1936), usually referred to as F.C.G. Schrøder and also known as Fritz Schrøder was a Danish civil servant, Governor of Danmarks Nationalbank from 1925 and until his death.	Frederik Carl Gram Schrøder	13 August 1936
date of death	Pier Francesco Garoli or Caroli (1638--1716) was an Italian painter, active in painting	Pier Francesco Garoli	1716
date of death	William Keith Relf (22 March 1943 -- 14 May 1976) was an English musician, best known as the lead vocalist and harmonica player for The Yardbirds.	Keith Relf	14 May 1976
date of death	Johan Fridolf Hagfors (11 March 1857--18 August 1931) was a Swedish newspaper publisher, music critic and composer, most known for having composed the two songs Modersmålets sång (The mother tongue's song) and Ålänningens sång (Song of the Ålender).	Johan Fridolf Hagfors	18 August 1931
date of death	Val Duncan (4 May 1884 -- 20 May 1960) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Val Duncan	20 May 1960
date of death	Umar Bakkalcha (1953? - 1980) was one of the early Oromo nationalists and martyrs well-remembered in the Chercher highlands of Harerghe especially for the heroic speeches he made at his death spot.	Umar Bakkalcha	1980
date of death	Sir Marmaduke Roydon (also Rawdon and Rawden, with Royden a contemporary spelling) (1583 -- 1646) was an English merchant-adventurer and colonial planter, known also as a Royalist army officer.	Marmaduke Roydon	1646
date of death	Saints Chrysanthus and Daria (3rd century -- c. 283) are saints of the Early Christian period.	Saints Chrysanthus and Daria	283
date of death	Basil Hansen (7 October 1926 -- 2 January 2015) was an Australian ice hockey player.	Basil Hansen	2 January 2015
date of death	Sir Tej Bahadur Sapru, KCSI, PC (Kashmiri: तेज बहादुर सप्रू (Devanagari), تیج بہادر سپرو (Nastaleeq)) (8 December 1875 -- 20 January 1949) was an Indian lawyer and politician.	Tej Bahadur Sapru	20 January 1949
date of death	Grigory Mairanovsky (1899, Batumi -- 1964) was a Soviet biochemist and poison developer.	Grigory Mairanovsky	1964
date of death	Ryszard Bakst (4 April 1926 -- 25 March 1999) was a Polish pianist and distinguished piano teacher.	Ryszard Bakst	25 March 1999
date of death	Thomy Lafon (1810-1893) was a Creole businessman, philanthropist and human rights activist in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA.	Thomy Lafon	1893
date of death	Rambo Rajkumar, born Rajkumar (21 October 1956 -- 26 April 2009), was an Indian fight master/action choreographer.	Rambo Rajkumar	26 April 2009
date of death	Ralph Thoresby (16 August 1658 -- 16 October 1725) was an antiquarian, who was born in Leeds and is widely credited with being the first historian of that city.	Ralph Thoresby	16 October 1725
date of death	Vasant Chavan ( 1942 - 11 July 2006 ) was a member of Rajya Sabha from Maharashtra state during the terms 25 April 2005 to 2 April 2006 as Nationalist Congress Party candidate, in bye-elections unopposed after the resignation of then Shiv Sena Rajya Sabha member Sanjay Nirupam.	Vasant Chavan	11 July 2006
date of death	Manuel Alcón (died 1962) was an Argentine film actor and musician of the classic era.	Manuel Alcón	1962
date of death	Zakhary Chepiha (Ukrainian: Чепіга Харитон Олексійович), also known as Kharyton (Kharko) Chepiga (Russian: Захарий Алексеевич Чепега)(1725-14 January 1797) was, after Sydir Bily, the second Kosh ataman of the Black Sea Cossack Host.	Zakhary Chepiha	14 January 1797
date of death	Alessandro Poglietti (early 17th century -- July 1683) was a Baroque organist and composer of unknown origin.	Alessandro Poglietti	July 1683
date of death	Stanko Prek (1915, Solkan near Nova Gorica -- 1999, Ljubljana) was a classical guitarist and composer from Slovenia.	Stanko Prek	1999
date of death	Jovan Maleševac (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Малешевац; fl. 1524--1562) was a Serbian Orthodox monk and scribe who collaborated in 1561 with the Slovene Protestant reformer Primož Trubar to print religious books in Cyrillic.	Jovan Maleševac	1562
date of death	Ernest Sloman was the Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana from 1910 until his death in 1918.	Ernest Sloman	1918
date of death	Daniel Brevint or Brevin (baptised 11 May 1616 -- 5 May 1695) was Dean of Lincoln from 1682 to 1695.	Daniel Brevint	5 May 1695
date of death	Shah Mohammad (1780--1862) (Punjabi: ਸ਼ਾਹ ਮੁਹੰਮਦ/شاہ محمّد) was a Punjabi poet who lived during the reign of Maharaja Ranjit Singh and is best known for Jangnama which depicts the First Anglo-Sikh War that took place after the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.	Shah Mohammad	1862
date of death	Jacobus Clemens non Papa (also Jacques Clément or Jacob Clemens non Papa) (c. 1510 to 1515 -- 1555 or 1556) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance based for most of his life in Flanders.	Jacob Clemens non Papa	1555
date of death	Sir Edwin Pears (18 March 1835 -- 27 November 1919) was a British barrister, author and historian.	Edwin Pears	27 November 1919
date of death	Lewis Gordon, 3rd Marquess of Huntly (c. 1626--1653) was a Scottish nobleman.	Lewis Gordon, 3rd Marquess of Huntly	1653
date of death	John of Tours or John de Villula (died 1122) was a medieval Bishop of Wells in England who moved the diocese seat to Bath.	John of Tours	1122
date of death	Madhava Ashish (1920--1997) was a Scottish born naturalized Indian spiritualist, mystic, writer and agriculturist, known for his services to Indian agriculture.	Madhava Ashish	1997
date of death	Allan Segal (16 April 1941 -- 8 February 2012) was a BAFTA-winning documentary film maker.	Allan Segal	8 February 2012
date of death	Maharaja Shri Immadi Chikka Krishnaraja Wadiyar II (Kannada: ಇಮ್ಮಡಿ ಕೃಷ್ಣರಾಜ ಒಡೆಯರ್, -- 25 April 1766), was also known popularly as Immadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar II. He was the titular ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore from 1734 to 1766.	Krishnaraja Wadiyar II	25 April 1766
date of death	Jakub Ostroróg (c. 1516-1568) was a prominent 16th-century Polish magnate and politician from Poznań.	Jakub Ostroróg	1568
date of death	Iskandar Thani Alauddin Mughayat Syah (1610 - 15 February 1641) was the thirteenth sultan of Aceh, following the powerful Iskandar Muda.	Iskandar Thani	15 February 1641
date of death	Alexandr Innokentevich Tolmatchew, also transliterated Tolmachev (Russian: Александр Иннокентьевич Толмачёв, 21 September 1903, St. Petersburg 16 November 1979, Leningrad ) was a twentieth century Russian and Soviet botanist and phytogeographer who was a leading expert in the flora of Russia's Arctic.	Alexandr Innokentevich Tolmatchew	16 November 1979
date of death	Jan Michał Rozwadowski (7 December 1867 -- 13 March 1935) was a Polish linguist and a professor at the Jagiellonian University.	Jan Michał Rozwadowski	13 March 1935
date of death	Imperial Iranian General Samad Samadianpour (1919-1982) was the Chief of Police of Iran during Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi's reign.	Samad Samadianpour	1982
date of death	Rick Lomba (1950--1994) was a South African documentary filmmaker, environmentalist and Carte Blanche cameraman.	Rick Lomba	1994
date of death	Ivo Kolin (1924, Zagreb - 2007, Zagreb) was a Croatian economist, engineer and inventor.	Ivo Kolin	2007
date of death	Hugh Quincy Alexander (7 August 1911 -- 17 September 1989) was a Democratic U.S. Representative from North Carolina between 1953 and 1963.	Hugh Quincy Alexander	17 September 1989
date of death	Robert Sidaway (14 January 1758 -- 13 October 1809), a convict of the First Fleet, was transported to Australia for stealing in 1788.	Robert Sidaway	13 October 1809
date of death	François Sébastien Charles Joseph de Croix, Count of Clerfayt (14 October 1733 -- 21 July 1798), a Walloon, joined the army of the Habsburg Monarchy and soon fought in the Seven Years' War.	François Sébastien Charles Joseph de Croix, Count of Clerfayt	21 July 1798
date of death	Ichadon (501--527), also known as Geochadon (거차돈) or by his courtesy name Yeomchok (염촉) or Yeomdo, was a Buddhist monk and advisor to the Silla king Beopheung.	Ichadon	527
date of death	Nicholas Barnewall, 3rd Viscount Barnewall (15 April 1668 -- 14 June 1725) was an Irish nobleman.	Nicholas Barnewall, 3rd Viscount Barnewall	14 June 1725
date of death	Sinmu of Silla (r. 839, died 839) (born Ujing) was the 45th monarch of the Korean kingdom of Silla.	Sinmu of Silla	839
date of death	Soyen Shaku died peacefully on 29 October 1919 in Kamakura.	Soyen Shaku	29 October 1919
date of death	Leslie Lloyd Rees (properly surnamed Lloyd-Rees, but sometimes called Rees; 14 April 1919 - 4 July 2013) was variously Honorary Chaplain to the Queen, Chaplain-General of Prisons and Anglican Bishop of Shrewsbury.	Leslie Lloyd Rees	4 July 2013
date of death	Michel-Joseph Gebauer (1763 -- December 1812) was a French oboist, violinist, viol player, bandmaster, and composer.	Michel-Joseph Gebauer	December 1812
date of death	Peter Levathes (28 July 1911 - 9 January 2002) was an American film and advertising executive, best known for briefly running 20th Century Fox.	Peter Levathes	9 January 2002
date of death	Arthur J. Lamb (12 August 1870 -- 10 August 1928) was a British lyricist best known for the 1897 song ``Asleep in the Deep'' and the 1900 song ``A Bird in a Gilded Cage''.	Arthur J. Lamb	10 August 1928
date of death	Sir Christopher Hatton KG (1540 -- 20 November 1591) was an English politician, Lord Chancellor of England and a favourite of Elizabeth I of England.	Christopher Hatton	20 November 1591
date of death	Egide Fologne (1830-1919) was a Belgian entomologist who specialised in microlepidoptera.	Egide Fologne	1919
date of death	John Dallachy (c. 1808 -- 4 June 1871) was a curator of Melbourne Botanic Gardens and a plant collector.	John Dallachy	4 June 1871
date of death	Yosef Sprinzak (Hebrew: יוסף שפרינצק‎; 8 December 1885 -- 28 January 1959) was a leading Zionist activist in the first half of the 20th century, an Israeli politician, and the first Speaker of the Knesset, a role he held from 1949 until his death in 1959.	Yosef Sprinzak	28 January 1959
date of death	Victor Engström (25 April 1989 -- 1 July 2013) was a Swedish bandy player who played for Västerås SK as a midfielder or forward.	Victor Engström	1 July 2013
date of death	Des Raj Goyal (1929-2013), also known as Desraj Goyal or D. R. Goyal, is an Indian journalist, academic and a well-known author of books on secularism and communalism.	Des Raj Goyal	2013
date of death	Kenneth Lee Spencer (25 April 1913 - 25 February 1964), usually known as Kenneth Spencer, was an African-American opera singer and actor.	Kenneth Lee Spencer	25 February 1964
date of death	W. Maynard Sparks (16 December 1906 -- 17 August 1999) was an American Bishop of the Evangelical United Brethren Church (E.U.B.) and of the United Methodist Church, elected in 1958.	W. Maynard Sparks	17 August 1999
date of death	Arthur Bartlett Maurice (1873--1946) was an American editor, born in Rahway, New Jersey, and educated at Richmond College (VA), and at Princeton.	Arthur Bartlett Maurice	1946
date of death	Wu Fuheng (Chinese: 吴富恒; Pinyin: Wú Fùhéng; 1911--2001) was the president of Shandong University from December 1979 to June 1984.	Wu Fuheng	2001
date of death	Alick Grant (11 August 1916 -- 2008) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aldershot, Leicester City, Derby County, Newport County, York City.	Alick Grant	2008
date of death	Shalini Moghe (1914 - 2011) was an Indian educationist, social worker and the founder of Kasturba Kanya School for tribal children and Bal Niketan Sangh, the first Montessori school in the state of Madhya Pradesh.	Shalini Moghe	2011
date of death	Air Marshal Sir John Frederick Andrews Higgins KCB, KBE, DSO, AFC, RAF (1 September 1875 -- 1 June 1948) was a senior officer in the Royal Flying Corps, serving as a brigade commander from 1915 to 1918.	John Frederick Andrews Higgins	1 June 1948
date of death	Somerset Lowry-Corry, 2nd Earl Belmore (11 July 1774 -- 18 April 1841), styled The Honourable from 1781 to 1797 and then known as Viscount Corry to 1802, was an Irish nobleman and politician.	Somerset Lowry-Corry, 2nd Earl Belmore	18 April 1841
date of death	Lin Shihong (林士弘) (died 622) was an agrarian leader who rose against the rule of the Chinese Sui Dynasty near the end of Emperor Yang's reign.	Lin Shihong	622
date of death	Thomas Osborne, 1st Duke of Leeds, KG (20 February 1632 -- 26 July 1712), English statesman (commonly known as Lord Danby and (Marquess of) Carmarthen when he was a prominent political figure), served in a variety of offices under Kings Charles II and William III of England.	Thomas Osborne, 1st Duke of Leeds	26 July 1712
date of death	Air Chief Marshal Sir Leslie Norman Hollinghurst GBE KCB DFC (2 January 1895 -- 8 June 1971), was a British First World War Flying Ace who later became an Air Chief Marshal in the RAF.	Leslie Norman Hollinghurst	8 June 1971
date of death	Ödön Beniczky de Benice et Micsinye (12 February 1878 -- 20 January 1931) was a Hungarian legitimist politician, who served as Interior Minister between 1919 and 1920.	Ödön Beniczky	20 January 1931
date of death	Akinpelu Oludele Adesola (November 1927-May 2010) was a Nigerian professor of Surgery, educational administrator and former Vice chancellor of the University of Lagos.	Akinpelu Oludele Adesola	May 2010
date of death	Leo Mishkin (January 22, 1907 - December 27, 1980) was a well-known American film, theater, and television critic of the mid-20th century.	Leo Mishkin	1980
date of death	Marcello Viotti (29 June 1954 -- 16 February 2005) was a Swiss classical music conductor, best known for opera.	Marcello Viotti	16 February 2005
date of death	Lemma Barkaloo (1840--1870, aka Lemma Barkeloo) was the first woman in America to attend law school.	Lemma Barkaloo	1870
date of death	Guy Innes (1879--1953) was an Australian journalist who was the editor of The Herald newspaper in Melbourne between 1918 and 1921.	Guy Innes	1953
date of death	Cor Melchers (1954 -- 15 September 2015) was a Dutch painter.	Cor Melchers	15 September 2015
date of death	Tô Ngọc Vân (15 December 1906 or 1908--17 June 1954), also known as Tô Tử, was a Vietnamese painter.	Tô Ngọc Vân	1954
date of death	Badr al-Din Lu'lu' (Arabic: بدر الدين لؤلؤ‎) (died 1259) was successor to the Zangid rulers of Mosul, where he governed in variety of capacities for half a century.	Badr al-Din Lu'lu'	1259
date of death	Mr. Willem Frederik Ewald Marggraff (9 June 1923, Vught -- 7 December 2003, Vught) was a controversial wealthy son of a famous family of Dutch nobility.	Ewald Marggraff	7 December 2003
date of death	Buddhaghosa Mahasthavir (Devanagari: बुद्धघोष महास्थविर) (born Sapta Ratna Vajracharya) (12 October 1921 - 24 September 2011) was a Nepalese Buddhist monk who worked to revive Theravada Buddhism in Nepal in the 1940s in the face of suppression by the Rana regime.	Buddhaghosa Mahasthavir	24 September 2011
date of death	William David Davies, often known as W. D. P. Davies, (18 January 1897 -- 7 July 1969) was a Welsh Presbyterian minister and writer on theological topics.	William David Davies	7 July 1969
date of death	Robertson Buchanan (1770--1816) was a Scottish civil engineer from Glasgow.	Robertson Buchanan	1816
date of death	Jaime de la Té y Sagau (Barcelona, 1684 - Lisbon, 1736) was a Spanish composer active at the court of King Joao V in Lisbon.	Jaime de la Té y Sagau	1736
date of death	William Pattenden (born 31 October 1747 at East Peckham, Kent; died 1817 at Hadlow and buried 2 April 1817 at East Peckham) was an English professional cricketer who played for Kent.	William Pattenden	2 April 1817
date of death	Major Alfred Whitmore (1876--1946) was an English pathologist who, together with C.S. Krishnaswami, identified Burkholderia pseudomallei, the causative agent of melioidosis (also known as ``Whitmore's disease'') in opium addicts in Rangoon in 1911.	Alfred Whitmore	1946
date of death	Johann Daniel Mylius (ca. 1583 -- 1642) was a composer for the lute, and writer on alchemy.	Johann Daniel Mylius	1642
date of death	Eric Palante (21 January 1963 -- c. 9 January 2014) was a Belgian motorcycle off-road rally racer.	Eric Palante	9 January 2014
date of death	Augustine Phillips (died May 1605) was an Elizabethan actor who performed in troupes with Edward Alleyn and William Shakespeare.	Augustine Phillips	1605
date of death	Nicholas III, Lord of Mecklenburg (after 1230 -- 8 June 1289 or 1290) was from 1264 to 1289 Lord of Mecklenburg.	Nicholas III, Lord of Mecklenburg	8 June 1289
date of death	Sam Gravenall (18 July 1885 -- 8 March 1948) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Sam Gravenall	8 March 1948
date of death	Solomon Golub (Latvia, 27 February 1887 - Bronx, New York, 18 June 1952) was a Russian-born, naturalized American, song composer.	Solomon Golub	18 June 1952
date of death	The Very Reverend Philip Ruh, O.M.I. (born Philip Roux; 6 August 1883 -- 24 October 1962) was Catholic priest and church architect.	Philip Ruh	24 October 1962
date of death	Walter Lax (22 March 1912 -- q2 1967) was an English footballer who scored 16 goals from 98 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City, Blackpool and York City.	Walter Lax	1967
date of death	Colin Ward (14 August 1924 -- 11 February 2010) was a British anarchist writer.	Colin Ward	11 February 2010
date of death	Orley May (February 16, 1897 - January 1968) was an American detective in Cleveland, Ohio in the 1930s.	Orley May	January 1968
date of death	Alexander Bruce, 2nd Earl of Kincardine FRS (1629--1681) was a Scottish inventor, politician, judge and freemason, responsible for developing the pendulum clock, in collaboration with Christiaan Huygens.	Alexander Bruce, 2nd Earl of Kincardine	1681
date of death	Aefgen Listincx, or Aeff Pietersdochter (died 20 August 1538), was a Dutch anabaptist and prophet.	Aefgen Listincx	20 August 1538
date of death	Eric the Victorious (Old Norse: Eiríkr inn sigrsæli, Modern Swedish: Erik Segersäll) (945? -- c. 995) was the first Swedish king (c. 970--995) about whom anything definite is known.	Eric the Victorious	995
date of death	Jean O'Hara (1913 -- 1973) was a famed prostitute in Honolulu's ``vice district'' during World War II. Born Betty Jean O'Hara in Chicago, Illinois, she was the only child of strict Catholic parents.	Jean O'Hara	1973
date of death	John Cooper Wiley (September 26, 1893-February 3, 1967) was a United States Foreign Service officer and ambassador.	John Cooper Wiley	1967
date of death	Ramón Quián (died May 26, 2006), better known as Monguito ``El Único'', was a Cuban vocalist, bandleader, producer and composer.	Monguito	2006
date of death	George Foster Pierce (1811--1884) was an American bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South elected in 1854.	George Foster Pierce	1884
date of death	Syd Dyer (25 May 1916 -- 7 April 1976), also referred to as Sid Dyer, was an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Syd Dyer	7 April 1976
date of death	Sarah Killgore Wertman, née Sarah Killgore (1 March 1843, Clinton County, Missouri - 21 May 1935, Seattle) was an American lawyer.	Sarah Killgore Wertman	21 May 1935
date of death	Bhanubhakta Acharya (Nepali: भानुभक्त आचार्य; 1814 -- 1868) was a Nepalese poet who translated the great epic Ramayana from Sanskrit to Nepali language.	Bhanubhakta Acharya	1868
date of death	Che Kam Kong (died in 1871), also known as Chea Kunkong, was a Chinese Protestant Christian who was killed because of his beliefs in China.	Che Kam Kong	1871
date of death	Ada Patterson (5 July 1867 -- 26 June 1939) was an American print journalist.	Ada Patterson	26 June 1939
date of death	Thomas Ulick Burke (1826 - 1867) was a well-known figure in gold-rush Victoria, Australia, famous as the victim of the ``Break O' Day'' aka ``Scarsdale'' aka ``Piggoreet'' murder.	Thomas Ulick Burke	1867
date of death	Paul Joseph Constantin Gabriël or Paul Gabriël (5 July 1828 -- 23 August 1903) was a painter, draftsman, watercolorist, and etcher who belonged to the Hague School.	Paul Gabriël	23 August 1903
date of death	Pekka Erkki Juhani Tammilehto (27 October 1952 -- 13 August 2011), better known by his stage name Topi Sorsakoski, was a Finnish singer.	Topi Sorsakoski	13 August 2011
date of death	George H. Chirgwin (14 December 1854-- 17 November 1922) was a British music hall star billed as ``the White-Eyed Kaffir'', a black face minstrel act.	George H. Chirgwin	17 November 1922
date of death	John Tayloe I (15 February 1688 -- November 1747) was one of the richest plantation owners and businessmen in Virginia for his generation.	John Tayloe I	1747
date of death	Henrietta Shore (January 22, 1880 -- 1963) was a Canadian-born artist who lived a large part of her life in the United States, most notably California.	Henrietta Shore	1963
date of death	Joseph Whiteside (4 August 1906 -- October 1990) was an English competition swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics, and England in the British Empire Games, during the late 1920s and early 1930s.	Joseph Whiteside	October 1990
date of death	Zhao Deyin (趙德諲) (died 892), formally the Prince of Huai'an (淮安王), was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who initially served as a general under the pretender emperor Qin Zongquan.	Zhao Deyin	892
date of death	Glenda Reiser, (16 June 1955 -- 6 January 2008) was a Canadian middle-distance runner.	Glenda Reiser	6 January 2008
date of death	Richard Courtney died on Saltspring Island, British Columbia on 16 August 1997.	Richard Courtney	1997
date of death	Eric Edgar Cooke (25 February 1931 -- 26 October 1964), nicknamed the ``Night Caller'', was an Australian serial killer.	Eric Edgar Cooke	26 October 1964
date of death	Colin Welland (4 July 1934 -- 2 November 2015), born Colin Edward Williams, was a British actor and screenwriter.	Colin Welland	2 November 2015
date of death	Gad Frederik Clement, generally known as G. F. Clement (1867--1933), was a Danish painter.	Gad Frederik Clement	1933
date of death	Arthur Beardmore (died 1771) was an English lawyer and a friend of John Wilkes.	Arthur Beardmore	1771
date of death	Frans Mostaert (1528--1560) was a Flemish Renaissance painter specializing in landscape paintings.	Frans Mostaert	1560
date of death	Madge Tennent (22 June 1889 -- 5 February 1972) was a naturalized American artist, born in England, raised in South Africa, and trained in both France and Australia.	Madge Tennent	1972
date of death	Archibald Montgomerie, 11th Earl of Eglinton (18 May 1726 -- 30 October 1796) was a Scottish General, and Member of Parliament (MP) in the British Parliament.	Archibald Montgomerie, 11th Earl of Eglinton	30 October 1796
date of death	Vince Griffiths (29 May 1901 -- 7 January 1967) was a Welsh rugby union player who represented Wales and the British Lions.	Vince Griffiths	7 January 1967
date of death	Gedong Bagus Oka (October 3, 1921 -- November 14, 2002) was a Hindu reformer and philosopher in Indonesia.	Gedong Bagus Oka	2002
date of death	Lieutenant-General John Cutts, 1st Baron Cutts PC (Ire) (1661 -- 25 January 1707), British soldier and author, came from an Essex family.	John Cutts, 1st Baron Cutts	25 January 1707
date of death	Harvey Lowe (30 October 1918 -- 11 March 2009) was a Canadian radio presenter and world yo-yo champion.	Harvey Lowe	11 March 2009
date of death	Henry Cecil Leon (19 September 1902 -- 23 May 1976), who wrote under the pen-names Henry Cecil and Clifford Maxwell, was a judge and a writer of fiction about the British legal system.	Henry Cecil Leon	23 May 1976
date of death	Neville Blyth (March 1825 -- 15 February 1890) was a South Australian colonial politician.	Neville Blyth	15 February 1890
date of death	Bradford Torrey (9 October 1843 in Weymouth, Massachusetts -- 7 October 1912) was a United States ornithologist.	Bradford Torrey	7 October 1912
date of death	Father Charles Roger Tennant (Tasmania, 8 April 1919 - 30 June 2003) was an Anglican Priest, biographer of Joseph Conrad, and historian of Korea.	Roger Tennant	30 June 2003
date of death	Samuel Kaylin (18 January 1892 -- 7 July 1983) was a film composer who scored Charlie Chan and Mr. Moto movies for 20th Century Fox.	Samuel Kaylin	July 1983
date of death	Walter Van Dyke (1823--1905) was a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge and a justice of the California Supreme Court in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Walter Van Dyke	1905
date of death	Gerry Livingston continued as the honorary chairman until his death in 1988.	Gerry Livingston	1988
date of death	Boris Christoff (Bulgarian: Борис Кирилов Христов, official transliteration Boris Kirilov Hristov pronounced (ˈbɔris ˈkirilɔf ˈxristɔf); 18 May 1914 -- 28 June 1993) was a Bulgarian opera singer, widely considered to have been one of the greatest basses of the 20th century.	Boris Christoff	28 June 1993
date of death	Michael Glawogger (3 December 1959 -- 23 April 2014) was an Austrian film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.	Michael Glawogger	23 April 2014
date of death	William Goldwyer (August 1829--13 November 1864) was a police officer and explorer in colonial Western Australia.	William Goldwyer	13 November 1864
date of death	William Ewart Hart (20 April 1885 - 29 July 1943) was an Australian aviator and dentist.	William Ewart Hart	29 July 1943
date of death	Merle Oberon (born Estelle Merle O'Brien Thompson, 19 February 1911 -- 23 November 1979) was an Anglo-Indian actress.	Merle Oberon	23 November 1979
date of death	Sir Edward Smith, 1st Baronet (c.1630 - 6 September 1707) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1653.	Sir Edward Smith, 1st Baronet	6 September 1707
date of death	Zha Jizuo (1601--1676) was a Chinese writer and scholar who lived in the late Ming dynasty and early Qing dynasty.	Zha Jizuo	1676
date of death	Gerard Piel (1 March 1915 in Woodmere, N.Y. -- 5 September 2004) was the publisher of the new Scientific American magazine starting in 1948.	Gerard Piel	5 September 2004
date of death	Hulagu Khan, also known as Hülegü or Hulegu (Mongolian: Хүлэгу хаан; Chagatai: ہلاکو; Persian: هولاکو خان‎‎; Chinese: 旭烈兀; c. 1218 -- 8 February 1265), was a Mongol ruler who conquered much of Western Asia.	Hulagu Khan	8 February 1265
date of death	Gert Jonke (8 February 1946 -- 4 January 2009) was an Austrian poet, playwright and novelist.	Gert Jonke	4 January 2009
date of death	Sir Wilfrid Lawson, 1st Baronet, of Brayton (5 October 1795 -- 12 June 1867), was an English landowner, businessman and investor in the new industrial age.	Sir Wilfrid Lawson, 1st Baronet, of Brayton	12 June 1867
date of death	Elisabeth Helene von Vieregg (4 May 1679 -- 27 June 1704), Countess of Antvorskov, was a Danish noble and lady-in-waiting of German origin.	Elisabeth Helene von Vieregg	27 June 1704
date of death	Anders Venger (5 January 1872 -- 23 February 1935) was Norwegian Minister of Agriculture in 1923 and 1923-1924, as well as head of the Ministry of Education and Church Affairs in 1923, and Minister of Labour in 1926.	Anders Venger	1935
date of death	Gregor Hradetzky (31 January 1909 -- 29 December 1984) was an Austrian canoer and organ builder who competed in the late 1930s.	Gregor Hradetzky	29 December 1984
date of death	Edward Potts Cheyney, A.M., LL.D. (1861--1947) was an American historical and economic writer, born at Wallingford, Pennsylvania.	Edward Potts Cheyney	1947
date of death	Arthur C. Sidman (August 3, 1863 -- 16 August 1901) was the son of a blacksmith who became a popular American vaudeville performer and playwright.	Arthur C. Sidman	16 August 1901
date of death	Hong Dae-yong (Hangul: 홍대용; hanja: 洪大容; 12 May 1731 -- 17 November 1783), styled Damheon (Hangul: 담헌; hanja: 湛軒, ``Relaxed house'') was a philosopher, astronomer and mathematician of the late Joseon Kingdom.	Hong Dae-yong	17 November 1783
date of death	Volodymyr Malyk (Ukrainian: Володимир Малик; real name Volodymyr Sychenko; born 21 February 1921 in Kiev Oblast, Ukrainian SSR, died 31 August 1998) is a Soviet/Ukrainian writer.	Volodymyr Malyk	31 August 1998
date of death	Emmeline Lewis Lloyd (18 November 1827 -- 22 September 1913) was an early British alpine mountaineer.	Emmeline Lewis Lloyd	22 September 1913
date of death	Sir Joseph Robert Archibald Glenn, OBE (24 May 1911 -- 4 January 2012) was an Australian industrialist and founding Chancellor of La Trobe University.	Archibald Glenn	4 January 2012
date of death	Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (30 November 1719 -- 8 February 1772) was Princess of Wales between 1736 and 1751, and Dowager Princess of Wales thereafter.	Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha	8 February 1772
date of death	Heinrich Carl von Schimmelmann died - as the richest man in Denmark - in Copenhagen on 15 February 1782, at the age of 58.	Heinrich Carl von Schimmelmann	15 February 1782
date of death	Cheng Wenshan (Chinese: 成文山; pinyin: Chéng Wénshān; 11 October 1929 -- 9 July 2008) was a Chinese educator who served as President of Hunan University between 1982 to 1987.	Cheng Wenshan	9 July 2008
date of death	Alan Gordon Gutteridge (4 February 1892 -- February 1942) was an Australian civil engineer and a founder of Gutteridge Haskins & Davey (now known as the GHD Group).	Gordon Gutteridge	1942
date of death	Bo Gabriel Montgomery also known as Bo-Gabriel de Montgomery (born 21 April 1894 in Stockholm, Sweden - died 16 October 1969 in Nyköping, Södermanland, Sweden) was a political writer, social commentator and genealogist.	Bo Gabriel Montgomery	16 October 1969
date of death	Penumarti Viswanatha Sastry (Telugu: పెనుమర్తి విశ్వనాథశాస్త్రి) (2 May 1929 -- 25 December 1998) was a famous Telugu writer and editor.	Penumarti Viswanatha Sastry	25 December 1998
date of death	Thomas Maurice (1754--1824) was a British oriental scholar and historian.	Thomas Maurice	1824
date of death	James Thraves (1869 -- 1936) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester Fosse and Notts County.	James Thraves	1936
date of death	Hugh Primrose Lindsay (31 October 1765 -- 23 April 1844) was a British naval captain, Chairman of the East India Company and Member of Parliament.	Hugh Primrose Lindsay	23 April 1844
date of death	Hugh Galbraith (22 December 1868 -- 1930) was a Scottish footballer, most notable as a player for Luton Town.	Hugh Galbraith	1930
date of death	Paul Alexiu (1893--1963) was the Major-General in the Romanian Armed Forces during World War II. He served as Commanding Officer of the 4th Artillery Regiment between 1941 and 1942, and in 1942 to 1943 he served as the Commanding Officer of the artillery 10th division.	Paul Alexiu	1963
date of death	Leonard Raven-Hill (10 March 1867 - 31 March 1942) was an English artist, illustrator and cartoonist.	Leonard Raven-Hill	31 March 1942
date of death	Mar Ignatius Michael IV Daher (or Zahir, 1761--1816) was the Patriarch of the Syriac Catholic Church from 1801 to 1810.	Ignatius Michael IV Daher	1816
date of death	Jindřich Zelený (13 November 1922 -- 11 September 1997) (translation: Henry Green) was a Czech philosopher and the author of several books.	Jindřich Zelený	11 September 1997
date of death	António de Mariz Carneiro (15?? in Lisbon -- 1642) was a Portuguese nobleman who served as the official cosmographer to the Portuguese crown.	António de Mariz Carneiro	1642
date of death	Generalmajor Heinz Brandt (11 March 1907 -- 21 July 1944) was a German Wehrmacht staff officer who served during World War II as an aide to Generalleutnant Adolf Heusinger, who was the head of the operations unit of the General Staff.	Heinz Brandt	21 July 1944
date of death	Alan Fields (29 March 1914 -- 21 February 1998) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1940s.	Alan Fields	21 February 1998
date of death	(David) Eifion Evans (22 January 1911 -- 23 May 1997) was Archdeacon of Cardigan from 1967 to 1979.	Eifion Evans	23 May 1997
date of death	Dr. Ding Lik-kiu (Chinese: 陳立僑, 1921 in Sarawak, British Malaya -- 24 June 2008 in San Francisco, United States) was a prominent Hong Kong social activist in the 1970s to 80s.	Ding Lik-kiu	24 June 2008
date of death	Ibrahim Saeed, sometimes spelled as Sayeed (20 May 1945 -- 27 May 2007), was an Indian writer and publisher.	Ibrahim Saeed	27 May 2007
date of death	Major General Janaka Perera, RWP, RSP, VSV, USP, VSP, rcds, psc, CR (1 February 1946 -- 6 October 2008) was a Sri Lankan General and politician.	Janaka Perera	6 October 2008
date of death	Edwin Richard Hallifax (1874--1950) was a senior official in Hong Kong in the early 20th century.	Edwin Richard Hallifax	1950
date of death	Paskal Sotirovski, PhD (Macedonian: Паскал Сотировски; b. 23 November 1927 in Vrben, Gostivar - d. 20 January 2003 in Paris, France) was a famous Macedonian astrophysicist, specialist in Solar Physics.	Paskal Sotirovski	20 January 2003
date of death	Jan Romer (1869 in Lwów -- 1934 in Warsaw) was a Polish general and military commander.	Jan Romer	1934
date of death	Dr James Augustus Rooth (1868--1962) was a colonel of the Royal Army Medical Corps, a member of the Royal College of Surgeons, and house surgeon at the Radcliffe Infirmary, Oxford.	James Augustus Rooth	1962
date of death	Maicon Pereira de Oliveira (8 May 1988 -- 8 February 2014) commonly known as Maicon, was a Brazilian footballer who played in the Ukrainian Premier League for most of his professional career.	Maicon Pereira de Oliveira	8 February 2014
date of death	Bulo C Rani (6 March 1920 -- 24 March 1993) was a prominent Indian music director.	Bulo C Rani	24 March 1993
date of death	Fred Raymond aka Raimund Friedrich Vesely (20 April 1900 -- 10 January 1954) was an Austrian composer.	Fred Raymond	10 January 1954
date of death	Guy Le Borgne (6 January 1920 -- 12 December 2007) was a French Army general that fought in World War II, First Indochina War and Algerian War.	Guy Le Borgne	12 December 2007
date of death	Sir Lawrence Weaver (1876--1930) was a British architectural writer and civil servant.	Lawrence Weaver	1930
date of death	Ulick Óge Burke, 8th lord of Clanricarde, died 1519.	Ulick Óge Burke	1519
date of death	Heiner Fleischmann (2 February 1914 -- 25 December 1963) was a German motorcycle racer before and after World War II. Fleischmann raced mainly for the NSU company.	Heiner Fleischmann	25 December 1963
date of death	José María Luengo Martínez (1896--1991) was a Spanish writer and archaeologist.	José María Luengo Martínez	1991
date of death	Stephen Michael Elonka ( - 1983) was the author of numerous technical books, including Standard Plant Operators' Manual.	Stephen Michael Elonka	1983
date of death	Oleksa Dovbush (Ukrainian: Олекса Довбуш) (born 1700, Pechenizhyn Kolomyia-- died 24 August 1745) was a famous Ukrainian outlaw, leader of opryshky, who became a folk hero, often compared to Robin Hood.	Oleksa Dovbush	24 August 1745
date of death	Jamini Bhushan Ray (1 July 1879 -- 11 August 1926) was an Indian physician, as well as an Ayurvedic doctor (Kabiraj), an erudite Sanskrit scholar, and a philanthropist.	Jamini Bhushan Ray	11 August 1926
date of death	Célestin Lavigueur (19 January 1831 -- 11 December 1885) was a French Canadian musician and composer.	Célestin Lavigueur	11 December 1885
date of death	Major Sir Bruce Lovat Seton of Abercorn, 11th Baronet (29 May 1909 -- 28 September 1969), better known as Bruce Seton, was a British actor and soldier.	Bruce Seton	28 September 1969
date of death	Bertha of Aragon (c. 1075 -- bef. 1111) was a Queen consort of Aragon and Navarre.	Bertha of Aragon	1111
date of death	Li Rangyi (李讓夷) (died 847?), courtesy name Daxin (達心), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Wuzong and (briefly) Emperor Wuzong's uncle Emperor Xuānzong.	Li Rangyi	847
date of death	Ulrich II, Lord of Hanau (c. 1280/1288 -- 23 September 1346) was Lord of Hanau from 1305/1306 until his death.	Ulrich II, Lord of Hanau	23 September 1346
date of death	Daniel Gibson Harris (1915--2007) was an accountant, a British agent during World War II and a writer on Swedish naval history.	Daniel Gibson Harris	2007
date of death	Douglas Frank Springhall (28 March 1901 -- 2 September 1953), known as Dave Springhall, was a British communist activist.	Dave Springhall	2 September 1953
date of death	Dorothea Palmer (Ferguson) (born 1908 died 1992) was a Canadian who played a prominent role in the effort to legalize birth control in that country.	Dorothea Palmer	1992
date of death	Feng Lun (568--627), courtesy name Deyi, better known as Feng Deyi, formally Duke Miao of Mi (密繆公), was an official of the Sui and Tang dynasties who served as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Gaozu of Tang and Emperor Taizong of Tang.	Feng Deyi	627
date of death	Lev Gillet (born Louis Gillett; 8 August 1893 - 29 March 1980) was an archimandrite of the Eastern Orthodox Church.	Lev Gillet	29 March 1980
date of death	Nepomuceno de la Cerda (1752--1826) was a Spanish soldier of note, after whom the town of La Cerda, Texas, was named.	Nepomuceno de la Cerda	1826
date of death	Paul Samson-Körner (13 November 1887 - 25 August 1942) was a German Heavyweight boxer.	Paul Samson-Körner	25 August 1942
date of death	Charles Malapert (1581--1630) was a Belgian Jesuit writer, astronomer and proponent of Aristotelian cosmology.	Charles Malapert	1630
date of death	Gustavus Detlef Hinrichs (2 December 1836 -- 14 February 1923) was a chemist and natural philosopher most widely known for his findings on periodic laws within the chemical elements.	Gustavus Detlef Hinrichs	14 February 1923
date of death	Harry Ware (22 October 1911 -- 28 October 1970) was an English footballer and manager.	Harry Ware	28 October 1970
date of death	Ghabdula Chelbir (or only Chelbir) was ruler of Volga Bulgaria from 1178 to 1225.	Ghabdula Chelbir	1225
date of death	Angus Hargreaves Robinson (22 July 1907 - 17 October 1973) was the owner of a grazing property, 'Yanjettee', at Coolup, Western Australia, as well as being an amateur ornithologist.	Angus Hargreaves Robinson	17 October 1973
date of death	Joseph Hanks (1725--1793) was the great-grandfather of United States President Abraham Lincoln.	Joseph Hanks	1793
date of death	Hugh I'Anson Fausset (1895--1965), was an English writer, a literary critic and biographer, and a poet and religious writer.	Hugh I'Anson Fausset	1965
date of death	Waman Bapuji Metre (वामण बापूजी मेत्रे) (14 February 1906 -- 21 November 1970), admiringly referred to as Dādā ('Elder Brother'in Bengali) Metre in the Indian oil industry circles, was the doyen of Indian petroleum geologists.	Waman Bapuji Metre	21 November 1970
date of death	Ira Lunan Ferguson, B.A., B.Sc., M.A., M.Sc., Ph.D., LL.B. (born Ira Lunan Lamontanio Ferguson, 1904, died 1992) was an American psychologist and author of multiple autobiographies as well as several novels and many published essays and journal articles.	Ira Lunan Ferguson	1992
date of death	Manto Mavrogenous (Greek: Μαντώ Μαυρογένους) (1796 - July 1848) was a Greek heroine of the Greek War of Independence.	Manto Mavrogenous	July 1848
date of death	Peter Hooper (2 February 1933 -- 13 August 2011) was a professional footballer, who played for Bristol Rovers, Cardiff City and Bristol City in The Football League.	Peter Hooper	13 August 2011
date of death	John Fountaine (1600--1671) was commissioner of the great seal of England from 1659-60.	John Fountaine	1671
date of death	Major General Sir Henry Guy Riley KBE CB (1884--1964) was a senior British Army officer during the Second World War.	Guy Riley	1964
date of death	Sir William Dawes, 3rd Baronet PC (12 September 1671--30 April 1724) was an Anglican prelate.	Sir William Dawes, 3rd Baronet	30 April 1724
date of death	Alan Oversby (20 February 1933 -- 8 May 1996) was one of the primary figures in the development of contemporary body piercing in Europe.	Alan Oversby	8 May 1996
date of death	Michael Pacher (c. 1435 -- August 1498) was an Austrian painter and sculptor from Tyrol active during the second half of the fifteenth century.	Michael Pacher	1498
date of death	Charles Rowcroft (1798, London -- 1856), pastoralist and novelist, the son of Thomas Edward Rowcroft, a British consul in Peru.	Charles Rowcroft	1856
date of death	Gérald Gagnier (14 October 1926 -- 14 January 1961) was a Canadian bandmaster, composer, and trumpeter.	Gérald Gagnier	14 January 1961
date of death	Francisco Pelliza (1792-1879) was an Argentine military, patriot officer who fought in the Argentine War of Independence.	Francisco Pelliza	1879
date of death	Orig Williams (20 March 1931 -- 12 November 2009) was a Welsh professional wrestler and wrestling promoter.	Orig Williams	12 November 2009
date of death	Max Graetz (1861-1936) was the President/CEO of the Ehrich & Graetz firm in Berlin.	Max Graetz	1936
date of death	August Querfurt (1696--1761) was an Austrian painter.	August Querfurt	1761
date of death	John Beaufort, 1st Duke of Somerset, KG (1403 -- 27 May 1444) was an English nobleman and military commander.	John Beaufort, 1st Duke of Somerset	27 May 1444
date of death	Kaspar, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken and Veldenz (11 July 1459 -- c. Summer 1527) was Duke of Zweibrücken from 1489 to 1490.	Kaspar, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken	1527
date of death	August Klett (Pseudonym: August Klotz) (1866 in Heilbronn-1928) was a German schizophrenic outsider artist and one of the ``schizophrenic masters'' profiled by Hans Prinzhorn in his field-defining work Artistry of the Mentally Ill. The pseudonym August Klotz was given by Prinzhorn.	August Klotz	1928
date of death	George Mackenzie, 2nd Earl of Seaforth (died 1651) was a Highland clan chief and Scottish nobleman, who played an equivocating role in Scotland in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	George Mackenzie, 2nd Earl of Seaforth	1651
date of death	Hugh Broughton (1549 -- 4 August 1612) was an English scholar and theologian.	Hugh Broughton	4 August 1612
date of death	Anne-Marie Krumpholtz (née Steckler; 1766--1813) was a French harpist and composer.	Anne-Marie Krumpholtz	1813
date of death	Yaakov ben Yakar (990--1064) was a German Talmudist.	Yaakov ben Yakar	1064
date of death	Henry Corbet (31 December 1820 - 20 December 1878) was an English agricultural writer, and editor of the weekly The Mark Lane Express Agricultural Journal for twenty years.	Henry Corbet	20 December 1878
date of death	Lawrence Dundas, 1st Earl of Zetland (10 April 1766 -- 19 February 1839) was a British politician and nobleman.	Lawrence Dundas, 1st Earl of Zetland	19 February 1839
date of death	Historically, Qiao Xuan died in 183 while the Qiao sisters married Sun Ce and Zhou Yu in 200, so it was not possible that Qiao Xuan was still living when the marriages took place.	Qiao Xuan	183
date of death	Abu Zayd Sa'id ibn Aws al-Ansari (Arabic: أبو زيد سعيد بن أوس الأنصاري‎; died 830 CE/215 AH) was an Arab linguist and a reputable narrator of hadith.	Sa'id ibn Aws al-Ansari	830
date of death	Les Bowie (November 10, 1913 -- January 27, 1979) was a Canadian-born special effects artist working mainly in Britain.	Les Bowie	1979
date of death	David McAlister (2 April 1951 -- 26 June 2015) was a British actor on television, in musicals, on stage and in film who was known for his voice-over work.	David McAlister	26 June 2015
date of death	Sir Thomas William Meagher (26 March 1902--27 June 1979) was a medical practitioner who, starting in 1939, served as Lord Mayor of Perth, Western Australia.	Thomas William Meagher	27 June 1979
date of death	Vittorio Baldini (died 21 February 1618) was an Italian printer and engraver.	Vittorio Baldini	21 February 1618
date of death	John Thomas Job (21 May 1867 -- 4 November 1938), was a Welsh minister, hymn-writer and poet.	John Thomas Job	4 November 1938
date of death	Le Grand Henderson (1901--1964), most often writing under the nom de plume ``Le Grand'', was a writer and illustrator of books for all ages.	Le Grand Henderson	1964
date of death	Henry Thring, 1st Baron Thring KCB (3 November 1818 -- 4 February 1907), was a British lawyer and civil servant.	Henry Thring, 1st Baron Thring	4 February 1907
date of death	Július Jakoby (born as Gyula Jakoby, Kassa, 28 March 1903 -- Košice, 15 April 1985) was a Hungarian painter living in Košice, a prominent figure of Hungarian and Slovak modernist art. His image is that of an loner, living on the fringe of society, struggling for survival at start.	Július Jakoby	15 April 1985
date of death	Johann Andreas Kneucker (24 January 1862 -- 22 December 1946) was a German botanical collector who was a native of Wenkheim, a village that today is part of the community of Werbach, Baden-Württemberg.	Johann Andreas Kneucker	1946
date of death	William Wedge Darke (1810--1890) was an Australian colonist and surveyor, the son of John Darke of Hereford and Elizabeth Darke, née Wedge, and younger brother of John Charles Darke and a nephew of John Helder Wedge from whom he learnt his profession.	William Wedge Darke	1890
date of death	Ah Hoon (died 1909) was a Chinese American comedian and associate of the On Leong Tong.	Ah Hoon	1909
date of death	Louise Westergaard (1826--1880), was a Danish reform pedagogue and pioneer on women's education.	Louise Westergaard	1880
date of death	Musgrave Heighington (ca.1680 -- 1764) was an English organist and composer.	Musgrave Heighington	1764
date of death	Simple Kapadia (15 August 1958 -- 10 November 2009) was a Bollywood actress and costume designer.	Simple Kapadia	10 November 2009
date of death	Edmond Butler, 3rd/13th Baron Dunboyne (1595-1640) was an Anglo-Irish nobleman.	Edmond Butler, 3rd/13th Baron Dunboyne	1640
date of death	Walter Golaski (1913 in Torrington, Connecticut --1996) was an American Mechanical-Bio-Medical Engineer best known for developing Dense Knit Dacron Vascular Prostheses, which were the first practical artificial blood vessel replacements.	Walter Golaski	1996
date of death	Annette Kirwan (Sarah Annette Foster Kirwan; died 6 April 1913) was the first wife of Edward Carson, Baron Carson.	Annette Kirwan	1913
date of death	Olaf Alfred Hoffstad (18 March 1865 -- 15 September 1943) was a Norwegian botanist, writer, school principal and Conservative politician.	Olaf Alfred Hoffstad	15 September 1943
date of death	Julia O'Connor (1890--1972) was an American labor leader and head of the National Telephone Operators' Department of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW).	Julia O'Connor	1972
date of death	Hugh Blair FRSE (7 April 1718 -- 27 December 1800) was a Scottish minister of religion, author and rhetorician, considered one of the first great theorists of written discourse.	Hugh Blair	27 December 1800
date of death	Ali Bey Mihaloğlu or Gazı Alauddin Ali Bey Mihaloğlu, (1425--1507) was an Ottoman military commander in 15th century and the first sanjakbey of the Sanjak of Smederevo.	Ali Bey Mihaloğlu	1507
date of death	Kurt Starke (1911 in Berlin -- 19 January 2000) was a German radiochemist.	Kurt Starke	19 January 2000
date of death	Sir Dinshaw Edulji Wacha (1844--1936) was a Parsi Indian politician from Bombay.	Dinshaw Edulji Wacha	1936
date of death	Anthony Hicks (26 June 1943 -- 26 May 2010) was a Welsh musicologist, music critic, editor, and writer.	Anthony Hicks	26 May 2010
date of death	Charles Nelson Tripp (born Schenectady, New York, 1823 -- died New Orleans, 30 September 1866) was a pioneering geologist and bitumen businessman in Ontario.	Charles Nelson Tripp	30 September 1866
date of death	Branca Eva de Gonta Syder Ribeiro Colaço (July 8, 1880 -- March 22, 1945), better known as Branca de Gonta Colaço, was a Portuguese writer, scholar and linguist.	Branca de Gonta Colaço	1945
date of death	Amalia Abad Casasempere (Alcoy, 11 December 1897 -- Alcoy, 21 September 1936) was a Catholic woman killed during the Spanish Civil War.	Amalia Abad Casasempere	21 September 1936
date of death	Arthur Guinness (1725 -- 23 January 1803) was an Irish brewer and the founder of the Guinness brewery business and family.	Arthur Guinness	23 January 1803
date of death	Jan Visman (2 July 1914, Deventer -- 19 February 2006) was a Dutch statistician who played a key role in building a bridge between sampling theory with its homogeneous populations and sampling practice with its heterogeneous sampling units and sample spaces.	Jan Visman	2006
date of death	Michele Foschini (September 14, 1711 - circa 1770) was an Italian painter, active in a late Baroque style.	Michele Foschini	1770
date of death	Grigorios Konstantas (Greek: Γρηγόριος Κωνσταντάς; 1753--1844) was a Greek scholar and figure of the modern Greek Enlightenment.	Grigorios Konstantas	1844
date of death	Marie of Brienne (c. 1225--1275) was the Empress consort of Baldwin II of Courtenay, Latin Emperor of Constantinople.	Marie of Brienne	1275
date of death	Tuoba Heru (Chinese: 拓跋賀傉; pinyin: Tuòbá Hèrǔ; died 325) ruled as prince of the Tuoba Dai 321 to 325.	Tuoba Heru	325
date of death	Eugen Lindner (11 December 1858 Leipzig - 12 November 1915 Weimar) was a German composer, notably of opera.	Eugen Lindner	12 November 1915
date of death	Géo Voumard (2 December 1920 -- 3 September 2008) was a Swiss jazz pianist and composer.	Géo Voumard	3 September 2008
date of death	General David Victor Belly de Bussy (19 March 1768 in Beaurieux -- 2 January 1848 in Beaurieux) was a French officer during the Napoleonic Wars.	David Victor Belly de Bussy	2 January 1848
date of death	Susan Grace Benny, née Anderson, (1872 -- 5 November 1944) of Seacliff, South Australia was Australia's first woman politician and the first Australian woman elected to local government.	Grace Benny	5 November 1944
date of death	Bernard Lacoste (22 June 1931 in Paris -- 21 March 2006 in Paris) was a French fashion designer and businessman.	Bernard Lacoste	21 March 2006
date of death	Richard Buzacott (7 September 1867 -- 10 January 1933), Australian politician, was a Member of the Australian Senate from 1910 to 1923.	Richard Buzacott	10 January 1933
date of death	Adrián Woll (December 2, 1795 -- February 1875) was a French Mexican general in the army of Mexico during the Texas Revolution and the military conflict between Mexico and the Republic of Texas which followed.	Adrián Woll	1875
date of death	Dimitri Mitropoulos (Greek: Δημήτρης Μητρόπουλος) (1 March (O.S. 18 February) 1896 -- 2 November 1960), was a Greek conductor, pianist, and composer.	Dimitri Mitropoulos	2 November 1960
date of death	Hermann Grote (7 July 1882 -- 12 August 1951, Berlin) was a German ornithologist known for his studies of African avifauna.	Hermann Grote	12 August 1951
date of death	Henry Arthur (1801 - 9 June 1848) was nephew to the fourth Lieutenant-governor of Van Diemen's Land, George Arthur.	Henry Arthur	9 June 1848
date of death	Ralph Lainson OBE, FRS (21 February 1927 -- 5 May 2015) was a British parasitologist who studied leishmaniasis in Brazil.	Ralph Lainson	5 May 2015
date of death	Charles Macintosh FRS (29 December 1766 -- 25 July 1843) was a Scottish chemist and inventor of waterproof fabrics.	Charles Macintosh	25 July 1843
date of death	Sir Henry Morland (9 April 1837 -- 28 July 1891) was a British administrator in the Bombay Presidency of India who began his career in the navy.	Henry Morland	1891
date of death	Dimitrie Alexandresco (variant spelling of last name: Alexandrescu; 4 October 1850 in Iaşi -- 1925) was a Romanian encyclopedist.	Dimitrie Alexandresco	1925
date of death	William Sturm (1906--1981) was an animator, known for character development with Fleischer Animation Studios.	William Sturm	1981
date of death	Sir Siegmund George Warburg (30 September 1902 -- 22 October 1982) was a German-born English banker.	Siegmund George Warburg	22 October 1982
date of death	Sisinnios Triphyllios (Greek: Σισίννιος Τριφύλλιος, died 26 July 811) was one of the senior dignitaries of the Byzantine Empire during the reign of Empress Irene of Athens (797--802) and her successor Emperor Nikephoros I (802--811).	Sisinnios Triphyllios	26 July 811
date of death	Ermanno Nogler (4 November 1921 -- 23 June 2000) was an Italian alpine skier and coach.	Ermanno Nogler	23 June 2000
date of death	Klaus Sunnanå (29 January 1905 -- 22 January 1980) was a Norwegian Mot Dag member, economist and fisheries director.	Klaus Sunnanå	22 January 1980
date of death	Sir Keith Murdoch died at Cruden Farm in the night of 4--5 October 1952 and the funeral service was held at Toorak Presbyterian Church.	Keith Murdoch	5 October 1952
date of death	Robert Charles Goff (1837--1922) was a printmaker and painter who specialised in topographical scenes.	Robert Charles Goff	1922
date of death	Eugenia Mathilda Enequist, (1833--1898) was a Swedish opera singer and singing instructor, also known as Signora Biondini.	Mathilda Enequist	1898
date of death	Danxia Zichun (1064-1117) (Chinese: 丹霞子淳; Wade--Giles: Tan-hsia Tzu-ch'un; Japanese: Tanka Shijun), was a Zen Buddhist monk during the Song Dynasty.	Danxia Zichun	1117
date of death	Sir Richard Levinge, 2nd Baronet (c. 1685 -- 27 February 1748) was an Irish landowner and politician.	Sir Richard Levinge, 2nd Baronet	27 February 1748
date of death	Franz Kemser (11 November 1910 - 20 January 1986) was a German-West German bobsledder who competed from the late 1930s to the early 1950s.	Franz Kemser	20 January 1986
date of death	Abu Nasr Ahmad ibn Fadl (Arabic: أبو نصر أحمد بن فضل‎) (d. 1126) was the vizier of the Seljuk ruler of Damascus, Tutush.	Abu Nasr Ahmad ibn Fadl	1126
date of death	Mikuláš Klaudyán (died 1522) was a physician and scholar in Mladá Boleslav, Bohemia and member of the Unity of the Brethren.	Mikuláš Klaudyán	1522
date of death	Janez Vesel (12 September 1798 -- 26 March 1884), known by his pen name Jovan Koseski (Slovene conventions also include the names Jovan Vesel -- Koseski and, less often, Janez Vesel -- Koseski or Ivan Vesel -- Koseski) was a Slovene lawyer and poet.	Janez Vesel	26 March 1884
date of death	Mariska Veres ( pronunciation ) (1 October 1947 -- 2 December 2006) was a Dutch singer who was best known as the lead singer of the rock group Shocking Blue.	Mariska Veres	2 December 2006
date of death	Hermann Glauert, FRS (4 October 1892 -- 6 August 1934) was a British aerodynamicist and Principal Scientific Officer of the Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough until his death in 1934.	Hermann Glauert	6 August 1934
date of death	John C. Becher (15 January 1915 -- 20 September 1986) was an American stage and television actor.	John C. Becher	20 September 1986
date of death	Frank Willey Clancy (15 January 1852 - 1 September 1928) was Attorney General of New Mexico (1909--1916), as well as Mayor of Albuquerque (1898).	Frank Willey Clancy	1 September 1928
date of death	John Henry Vivian FRS (9 August 1785 -- 10 February 1855) was a Welsh industrialist and politician of Cornish extraction.	John Henry Vivian	10 February 1855
date of death	Jacob Zallel Lauterbach (1873--1942) was an American Judaica scholar and author who served on the faculty of Hebrew Union College and composed responsa for the Reform movement in America.	Jacob Zallel Lauterbach	1942
date of death	Sir Brinsley Ford (1908--1999) was a British art historian, scholar, and collector.	Brinsley Ford	1999
date of death	Reverend Henry Cadwallader Adams (4 November 1817 -- 17 October 1899) was a 19th-century English cleric, schoolmaster and writer of children's novels.	Henry Cadwallader Adams	17 October 1899
date of death	Al-Mutawakkil Ahmad (المتوكل أحمد) (26), (full name Ahmad bin Ali bin Abbas: أحمد بن علي بن عباس) September 1756 - 10 September 1816 was an Imam of Yemen who ruled in 1809-1816.	Al-Mutawakkil Ahmad	10 September 1816
date of death	Reginald Bainbrigg, or Baynbridge (1545--1606), was an English schoolmaster and antiquary.	Reginald Bainbrigg	1606
date of death	Although Cynthia Hesdra spent a portion of her life as a slave, at the time of her death in 1879, she was quite wealthy.	Cynthia Hesdra	1879
date of death	André Groult (1884--1966) was a French decorator and designer of French furniture.	André Groult	1966
date of death	Francis Hervé (1781--1850) was a French born British artist and travel writer.	Francis Hervé	1850
date of death	Alice Glenn (née Duffy; 17 December 1921 -- 16 December 2011) was an Irish Fine Gael politician.	Alice Glenn	16 December 2011
date of death	Kristoffer Aamot (26 March 1889 -- 22 March 1955) was a Norwegian journalist, magazine editor, politician and cinema administrator.	Kristoffer Aamot	1955
date of death	William Henry Temple Gairdner (July 31, 1873 -- May 22, 1928) was a British Christian missionary with the Church Missionary Society in Cairo, Egypt.	William Henry Temple Gairdner	1928
date of death	Mabel Mercer (3 February 1900 -- 20 April 1984) was an English-born cabaret singer who performed in the United States, Britain, and Europe with the greats in jazz and cabaret.	Mabel Mercer	20 April 1984
date of death	Metropolitan Anthony of Sourozh (Russian: Митропролит Антоний Сурожский, secular name Andrei Borisovich Bloom, Russian: Андрей Борисович Блум; 19 June 1914 -- 4 August 2003) was best known as a writer and broadcaster on prayer and the Christian life.	Anthony of Sourozh	4 August 2003
date of death	Janet Bloomfield (10 October 1953 -- 2 April 2007) was a peace and disarmament campaigner who was chair of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) from 1993 to 1996.	Janet Bloomfield	2 April 2007
date of death	Noel Everingham Sainsbury, Jr. (born June 11, 1884, New York City-d. 1955, Lake Worth, Florida) was an author of various children's adventure and mystery novels during the late 1920s and the 1930s.	Noel Everingham Sainsbury	1955
date of death	Joseph Philippe Lemercier Laroche (26 May 1886 -- 15 April 1912) was a Paris-educated Haitian engineer.	Joseph Philippe Lemercier Laroche	15 April 1912
date of death	Wolff von Eggenberg (died 1615) was an Austrian military officer and Freiherr of the House of Eggenberg.	Wolff von Eggenberg	1615
date of death	Guo Chun (simplified Chinese: 郭纯; traditional Chinese: 郭純; pinyin: Guō Chún; Wade--Giles: Kuo Ch'un; 1370--1444), was an imperial Chinese painter in the early Ming Dynasty.	Guo Chun	1444
date of death	Edward Knatchbull-Hugessen, 2nd Baron Brabourne JP DL (5 April 1857 -- 29 December 1909) was a British peer and Liberal Party politician.	Edward Knatchbull-Hugessen, 2nd Baron Brabourne	29 December 1909
date of death	Vasundhara Komkali (1931--2015), popularly known as Vasundhara Thai, was an Indian classical musician and one of the leading exponents of the Gwalior gharana, an old Khyal tradition of Hindustani music.	Vasundhara Komkali	2015
date of death	Sir Richard Broke or Brooke (died 1529), was an English judge, who served as Chief Baron of the Exchequer.	Richard Broke	1529
date of death	Sir Charles Talbot, 2nd Baronet (8 November 1751 -- 3 November 1812) was a British politician.	Sir Charles Talbot, 2nd Baronet	3 November 1812
date of death	Oscar Collett (9 December 1877 -- 1950) was a Norwegian landowner and benefactor.	Oscar Collett	1950
date of death	Dr. Simon Ungar (1864--1942) was a doctor of oriental medicine and rabbi of the Osijek Jewish Community who was killed during the Holocaust.	Simon Ungar	1942
date of death	Dallas Bower (1907,London -- 1999) was a British film and television director and producer.	Dallas Bower	1999
date of death	George Carlyon Hughes Armstrong, 1st Baronet (1836--1907) was an English journalist and newspaper proprietor.	George Carlyon Hughes Armstrong	1907
date of death	Richie Kaczor (9 December 1952 -- April 1993) was among the earliest DJs during Disco's infancy in the 1970s.	Richie Kaczor	1993
date of death	Michael Burston (23 October 1949 -- 9 July 2011), commonly known by the stage name Würzel, was an English musician and formerly a guitarist in the British Heavy Metal band Motörhead.	Würzel	9 July 2011
date of death	Sir Josias Bodley (1550-1618) was an English military engineer noted for his service in Ireland during the Nine Years' War.	Josias Bodley	1618
date of death	Colea Răutu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkole̯a rəˈutu); 18 November 1912 -- 13 May 2008) was a Romanian actor, born in Bălţi (Russian Empire, now Republic of Moldova).	Colea Răutu	13 May 2008
date of death	John Asty (c. 1672 -- 1730) was an English dissenting clergyman.	John Asty	1730
date of death	Bert Parke (21 April 1886 -- 24 April 1967) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bert Parke	24 April 1967
date of death	Julio César Schupp Rodríguez (d. 21 February 2005 in Asunción) was a Paraguayan diplomat.	Julio César Schupp	21 February 2005
date of death	Olga Jančić (Олга Јанчић) (Bitola, 1 February 1929 - Belgrade, 25 October 2012) was a Serbian sculptor.	Olga Jančić	25 October 2012
date of death	Air Vice-Marshal Harold Spencer Kerby CB DSC AFC (14 May 1893 -- 8 June 1963) was a senior Royal Air Force officer who commanded British Air Forces in East Africa during the Second World War.	Harold Spencer Kerby	8 June 1963
date of death	Noura died on 1 June 2014 in Paris after a lengthy illness.	Noura	1 June 2014
date of death	John Philpot (1516 - 1555) was an archdeacon of Winchester and an English Protestant martyr whose story is recorded in Foxe's Book of Martyrs.	John Philpot	1555
date of death	Hugh Cruttwell (31 October 1918 -- 24 August 2002) was an influential teacher of drama and principal of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts.	Hugh Cruttwell	24 August 2002
date of death	Felix Adolf Schmal (18 September 1872 -- 28 August 1919) was an Austrian fencer and racing cyclist.	Adolf Schmal	28 August 1919
date of death	Kang Hang (1567-1618) was a Korean scholar who was taken prisoner by the forces of Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1597.	Kang Hang	1618
date of death	Patri J. Pugliese (1950--2007) was a historian of science, dance, and fencing, as well as a noted teacher of historical dance.	Patri J. Pugliese	2007
date of death	George Athor Deng (1962 -- 19 December 2011) was the Sudan People's Liberation Army Lieutenant General and a SPLA dissident who led the South Sudan Democratic Movement and its military wing, the South Sudan Army.	George Athor	19 December 2011
date of death	Sir William McEwan Younger, 1st Baronet (6 September 1905 -- 15 April 1992) was a Scottish brewer and political activist.	William McEwan Younger	15 April 1992
date of death	Subutay Kesgin, better known by his stage name Azer Bülbül, (1 February 1969 -- 7 January 2012) was a prominent Turkish folk singer and actor.	Azer Bülbül	7 January 2012
date of death	Frank Purcell (died 2 April 1960) was an Irish politician and trade union official.	Frank Purcell	2 April 1960
date of death	Ivo Taillebois (d 1094) was a powerful Norman nobleman, sheriff and Tenant-in-chief in 11th century England.	Ivo Taillebois	1094
date of death	Fred Kruger (b. Johan Friedrich Carl Kruger 18 April 1831, d. 15 February 1888) was a German-born photographer noted for his early photography of landscape and indigenous peoples in Victoria, Australia.	Fred Kruger	15 February 1888
date of death	Gunnar Stensland (11 January 1922 -- 24 November 2011) was a Norwegian association footballer and later coach.	Gunnar Stensland	24 November 2011
date of death	Willis Walker (24 November 1892 − 3 December 1991) was an English footballer and County Cricketer.	Willis Walker	3 December 1991
date of death	Hans Felix Husadel (18 May 1897 -- 25 July 1964) was a German composer and conductor, particularly noted for modernizing the military band and for his march compositions.	Hans Felix Husadel	25 July 1964
date of death	James Hagan (21 January 1918 -- 26 February 1998), known as Jimmy Hagan, was an English football player and manager born in Washington, County Durham, England.	Jimmy Hagan	26 February 1998
date of death	Leueen MacGrath (3 July 1914 -- 27 March 1992) was an English actress and playwright and the second wife of George S. Kaufman, from 1949 until their divorce in 1957.	Leueen MacGrath	27 March 1992
date of death	Peter Mandrup Lem (baptized 7 June 1758 - 12 January 1828) was an eighteenth-century Danish violin virtuoso.	Peter Mandrup Lem	12 January 1828
date of death	David UU (pronounced David W.), or David W. Harris, (1948--1994) is considered an accomplished concrete and experimental poet and an important small press publisher.	David UU	1994
date of death	Joseph Badeaux (25 September 1777 -- 12 September 1835) was the son of Jean-Baptiste Badeaux and, in 1792, he began articling to become a notary.	Joseph Badeaux	12 September 1835
date of death	Blessed Bertha de Bardi (died 24 March 1163) was born in Florence.	Bertha de Bardi	24 March 1163
date of death	Crisóstomo Martinez (1638--1694) was a Valencian painter and engraver known for his atlas of anatomy.	Crisóstomo Martinez	1694
date of death	Ângelo Moreira da Costa Lima (1887--1964) was the foremost Brazilian entomologist of his time, and his still-consulted works continue to assure his place in the history of science as the ``Father'' of Brazilian entomology.	Ângelo Moreira da Costa Lima	1964
date of death	Karun Krishna Majumdar (Bengali: করুণকৃষ্ণ মজুমদার) (6 September 1913 - 17 February 1945) was a Wing Commander who took part in the Second World War.	Karun Krishna Majumdar	17 February 1945
date of death	Margery Edwards (1933--1989) was an Australian Spiritual Abstract Expressionist working in mixed media.	Margery Edwards	1989
date of death	Florence Kirsch Du Brul (1915--July 2, 2005) was a concert pianist and master piano teacher and member of Chicago society in the mid-20th century.	Florence Kirsch Du Brul	2005
date of death	Yao Min (Chinese: 姚敏; pinyin: Yáo Mǐn, born 姚民 Yáo Mín; 1917--1967) was a Chinese popular music songwriter and singer and brother of Yao Lee.	Yao Min	1967
date of death	Trevor Gardner (24 August 1915 - 28 September 1963) was Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Air Force for Research and Development during the early 1950s.	Trevor Gardner	28 September 1963
date of death	Bishop Sebastian Vayalil (28 January 1906 -- 21 November 1986) was the first bishop of the Eparchy of Pala, in Kerala, India.	Sebastian Vayalil	1986
date of death	Paul Brach, (b. March 13, 1924 in New York City - d.November 16, 2007 in Easthampton, New York) was an American abstract painter and a lecturer and educator.	Paul Brach	2007
date of death	Remi Abiola (August 1953 - July 2009) was a Nigerian film actress and spouse of the late Moshood Abiola, a prominent Nigerian Business magnate and politician.	Remi Abiola	July 2009
date of death	Robert Edson Dornin (1912, California -- 1982), nicknamed ``Dusty'', was a United States Navy officer who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II as a very successful submarine commander.	Robert Edson Dornin	1982
date of death	Whisky David (1947--2011), born David Waterston in Paisley, Scotland, was a Scottish-born, Spain-based blues/rock artist.	Whisky David	2011
date of death	Zhang Shaozeng (Chinese: 張紹曾, Wade-Giles Chang Shao-ts'eng) (1879 -- March 21, 1928) was a Beiyang Army general in charge of the 20th Division.	Zhang Shaozeng	1928
date of death	Sir John Raynsford (by 1482-1559) was an English politician.	John Raynsford	1559
date of death	John Gmeiner (5 December 1847, Bärnau, Bavaria - 17 February 1915, Richfield, Minnesota) was a United States Roman Catholic clergyman.	John Gmeiner	17 February 1915
date of death	Zhuang Cunyu (莊存與, 1719--1788) was a Chinese intellectual, and a representative of the Changzhou School of Thought, an important proponent of the New Text Confucianism.	Zhuang Cunyu	1788
date of death	Al Muhaddith Shah Abdul Aziz Dehlavi ( 11 October, 1746- 5 June, 1824) (Arabic: المُحَدَّث شَاہ عَبْدُ الْعَزِیز دِھْلَوِیْ‎) was one of the Islamic scholar scholars of Hadith in India who is considered as Mujadid of 18th century.	Shah Abdul Aziz	1824
date of death	Thomas Vernon Wollaston FLS (9 March 1822 -- 4 January 1878) was a prominent English entomologist and malacologist, becoming especially known for his studies of Coleoptera inhabiting several North Atlantic archipelagoes.	Thomas Vernon Wollaston	4 January 1878
date of death	Ursula St Barbe (died 18 June 1602) (aka Ursula, Lady Worsley and Ursula, Lady Walsingham) was a lady at the court of Queen Elizabeth I of England.	Ursula St Barbe	18 June 1602
date of death	Gottfried Bernhardy (20 March 1800 -- 14 May 1875), German philologist and literary historian, was born at Landsberg an der Warthe (now Poland) in the Neumark.	Gottfried Bernhardy	14 May 1875
date of death	Bishop Alexander Preston Shaw died on March 7, 1966.	Alexander Preston Shaw	1966
date of death	Ivan Mane Jarnović (Italian: Giovanni Mane Giornovichi) (26 October 1747 -- 23 November 1804) was a virtuoso violinist-composer of the 18th century whose family was of possibly Ragusan (today in Croatia) origin.	Ivan Mane Jarnović	23 November 1804
date of death	Francesca Lebrun, née Danzi (24 March 1756 -- 14 May 1791), was a noted 18th-century German singer and composer.	Francesca Lebrun	14 May 1791
date of death	James Morrow Walsh, (22 May 1840 -- 25 July 1905) was a North-West Mounted Police (NWMP) officer and the first Commissioner of the Yukon Territory.	James Morrow Walsh	25 July 1905
date of death	Thomas FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Desmond (1454 - 1534) was the uncle of James FitzGerald, 10th Earl of Desmond.	Thomas FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Desmond	1534
date of death	Absalon Pederssøn Beyer (c. 1528 -- 9 April 1575) was a Norwegian author, lecturer and Lutheran clergyman.	Absalon Pederssøn Beyer	9 April 1575
date of death	David Calderwood (1575 -- 29 October 1650) was a Scottish divine and historian.	David Calderwood	29 October 1650
date of death	William Watkin Edward Wynne (23 December 1801 -- 9 June 1880) was a Welsh Member of Parliament and antiquarian.	William Watkin Edward Wynne	9 June 1880
date of death	Catalina de los Ríos y Lisperguer (1604 -- 1665) was an aristocratic 17th century Chilean landowner, nicknamed La Quintrala because of her flaming red hair.	Catalina de los Ríos y Lisperguer	1665
date of death	Federico Moja (October 20, 1802 -- March 29 1885) was an Italian painter, known best for his vedute and views of interior architecture.	Federico Moja	1885
date of death	Nolan White (26 February 1931 -- 20 October 2002) was one of the few people to pilot a wheel-driven piston engined vehicle in an official sanctioned run in excess of 400 MPH.	Nolan White	20 October 2002
date of death	Sir Arthur Throckmorton (ca. 1557 -- 21 July 1626) was an English courtier and politician.	Arthur Throckmorton	21 July 1626
date of death	Dmitri Feodorovich Trepov (transliterated at the time as Trepoff), (15 December 1850 -- 15 September 1906) was Head of Moscow police;	Dmitri Feodorovich Trepov	15 September 1906
date of death	John Braithwaite the elder (1760--1818), was a British engineer, and salvor.	John Braithwaite the elder	1818
date of death	Chan On Pak (1845-1901) was born in Ging Mui Village, the first son of Chan Heung, founder of Choy Li Fut Kung Fu.	Chan On Pak	1901
date of death	Kōjirō Yoshikawa (Yoshikawa Kōjirō 吉川幸次郎; 18 March 1904 -- 8 April 1980) was a Japanese sinologist noted for his studies of Chinese history and Classical Chinese literature, especially the Book of Documents (Shujing) and Analects of Confucius.	Kōjirō Yoshikawa	8 April 1980
date of death	Rudolf Kaufmann (3 April 1909 -- c. 1941), son of the physicist Walter Kaufmann, was a palaeontologist and geologist, and is best remembered for his work on allopatric speciation and punctuated equilibrium in the trilobite genus Olenus in the Upper Cambrian of Sweden and on the island of Bornholm.	Rudolf Kaufmann	1941
date of death	Sir Richard Hoghton, 3rd Baronet (c. 1616 -- 3 February 1678) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1656.	Sir Richard Hoghton, 3rd Baronet	1678
date of death	Eugene Ernest Colman (11 October 1878, Merton, England -- 20 July 1964) was an English chess master.	Eugene Ernest Colman	20 July 1964
date of death	Sanford Yung Yung-tao (Chinese: 容永道; 3 October 1927 -- 7 November 2013) was a Hong Kong accountant, politician and racehorse owner.	Sanford Yung	7 November 2013
date of death	Don José María Chacón (1 January 1749 -- 1 January 1833) was the last Spanish Governor of Trinidad.	José María Chacón	1 January 1833
date of death	Tan Sri Datuk Amar Dr. Teuku Zakaria Teuku Nyak Putih, commonly known as P. Ramlee (22 March 1929 -- 29 May 1973) was a Malaysian film actor, director, singer, songwriter, composer, and producer.	P. Ramlee	29 May 1973
date of death	J. E. Mitchell (1876--1953) was an African-American publisher known for his newspaper, the St. Louis Argus.	J. E. Mitchell	1953
date of death	Bessie Darling (1885?-1933) was a socialite from Baltimore who was brutally murdered in her mountain property on Halloween night, 1933.	Bessie Darling	1933
date of death	Sári Petráss (5 November 1888 -- 9 September 1930) was a Hungarian operetta actress and singer.	Sári Petráss	9 September 1930
date of death	Mullah Powindah born Mohiuddin Mahsud (died 1913) was a religious leader in the Pashtun tribe of the Mahsuds.	Mullah Powindah	1913
date of death	Sibella Elizabeth Miles (née Hatfield; 1800--1882), was an English schoolteacher, poet and writer of the 19th century.	Sibella Elizabeth Miles	1882
date of death	Kevin Widemond (born in Newark, New Jersey, United States on 24 December 1985, died in Leiria, northern Portugal on 25 October 2009) was an American basketball player.	Kevin Widemond	25 October 2009
date of death	Max Kowalski (10 August 1882 -- 4 June 1956) was a German composer, singer and singing teacher.	Max Kowalski	4 June 1956
date of death	Henry Dorling (died 20 March 1873) was the first Clerk of the course at Epsom Downs Racecourse and cookery writer Mrs Beeton's stepfather.	Henry Dorling	20 March 1873
date of death	Yitzhak Berman (Hebrew: יצחק ברמן‎‎; 3 June 1913 -- 4 August 2013) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Energy and Infrastructure from August 1981 until September 1982.	Yitzhak Berman	4 August 2013
date of death	Nicolas Quentin (died 1636) was a French historical painter.	Nicolas Quentin	1636
date of death	William Horn Battle (1802--1879) was a North Carolina jurist and law professor who served on the North Carolina Supreme Court.	William Horn Battle	1879
date of death	Henry James Hyne (1867--1936) was an Australian businessman and the mayor of Maryborough, Queensland from 1913-1918.	Henry James Hyne	1936
date of death	Mary Skeaping (15 December 1902 - 9 February 1984) was a British ballerina and choreographer.	Mary Skeaping	9 February 1984
date of death	Sir Richard Roy Maconachie KBE, CIE (1885 - 18 January 1962) was an English civil servant in India and a naturalist.	Richard Roy Maconachie	1962
date of death	Rui Gonçalves da Câmara (c. 1430 - a 27 November 1497), was the second son of João Gonçalves Zarco, and inherited the title of Donatary-Captain of the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Rui Gonçalves da Câmara	27 November 1497
date of death	Yelena Samarina (1933--2011) was a Russian-born actress who settled in Spain.	Yelena Samarina	2011
date of death	Major Jonathan Cass (October 29, 1753 -- August 4, 1830), born in Salisbury, Massachusetts, was a soldier of the American Revolutionary War, who enlisted as a private the day after the battle of Lexington.	Jonathan Cass	1830
date of death	Gudrun Fiil (18 December 1890 -- 19 May 1972) was inn keeper at Hvidsten Inn and member of the Danish resistance, whose husband, son and son-in-law were executed by the German occupying power.	Gudrun Fiil	19 May 1972
date of death	Václav Melzer (26 August 1878 -- 1 May 1968) was a Czech teacher and mycologist.	Václav Melzer	1 May 1968
date of death	James Hopwood, referred to as James Hopwood the Younger or James Hopwood the Second (James Hopwood II) (c. 1800--1850; year of life also given as 1795-1855), engraver, son of James Hopwood the elder, followed his father's profession, and engraved in the stipple manner.	James Hopwood the Younger	1855
date of death	Gilbert Hewson (died 1951) was an Irish politician.	Gilbert Hewson	1951
date of death	Joanna Agacka-Indecka (18 December 1964 in Łódź -- 10 April 2010) was a Polish attorney, President of the Polish Bar Council from 2007 until 2010.	Joanna Agacka-Indecka	10 April 2010
date of death	Charlotta Frölich (28 November 1698 - 21 July 1770) was a Swedish writer, historian, agronomist and poet.	Charlotta Frölich	21 July 1770
date of death	James Alexander, 1st Earl of Caledon (1730 -- 22 March 1802) was an Irish landlord, merchant, politician and peer of the realm.	James Alexander, 1st Earl of Caledon	22 March 1802
date of death	Zeev Nehari (born 2 February 1915 Berlin as Willi Weissbach; died 1978) was a mathematician who worked on univalent functions and on differential and integral equations.	Zeev Nehari	1978
date of death	Patrick William Marony (1858--1939), also known as P. W. Marony, was a cartoonist, painter and writer.	P. W. Marony	1939
date of death	Antoni Aleksander Iliński, also known as Iskender Pasha (Turkish: Mehmet İskender Paşa; 1814--1861), was a Polish-Ottoman military officer and general.	Antoni Aleksander Iliński	1861
date of death	Sir Zahir-ud-Daula Bahadur GCSI (died 1879) was the titular Nawab of Arcot from 1874 to 1879.	Zahir-ud-Daula	1879
date of death	Erwin Markham (1838-1914) was an investor who helped pioneer the American automobile industry.	Erwin Markham	1914
date of death	Alexander, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg (20 January 1573 -- 13 May 1627), was a Danish nobleman.	Alexander, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg	13 May 1627
date of death	Edward Jackamonis (October 19, 1939--January 22, 2006) was a Wisconsin legislator and educator.	Edward Jackamonis	2006
date of death	Kathleen Warner, née Kathleen Davis (1903-December 1996), was a Trinidadian actress and radio personality.	Kathleen Warner	December 1996
date of death	General Ralph Dundas (died 7 February 1814) was an officer of the British Army.	Ralph Dundas	7 February 1814
date of death	Sir Gordon Richards (5 May 1904 -- 10 November 1986) was an English jockey.	Gordon Richards	10 November 1986
date of death	John Wallop, 1st Earl of Portsmouth (15 April 1690 -- 22 November 1762), known as John Wallop, 1st Viscount Lymington from 1720 to 1743, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	John Wallop, 1st Earl of Portsmouth	22 November 1762
date of death	William Webster Diehl (January 15, 1891 -- 1978) was an American mycologist recognized for his work on grass pathogens, particularly in the genus Balansia.	William Webster Diehl	1978
date of death	Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis VI (Greek: Τιβέριος Ἰούλιος Ῥησκούπορις Στ'; died 342) was the last ruler of the Bosporan Kingdom, a client king of the Roman Empire.	Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis VI	342
date of death	Richard Mather (1596 -- 22 April 1669) was a Puritan minister in colonial Boston, Massachusetts.	Richard Mather	22 April 1669
date of death	Israel Williams (1709--1788) was an American educator and judge who founded Williams College in 1793 by bequest of Ephraim Williams.	Israel Williams	1788
date of death	Edward Stourton, 10th Baron Stourton (c. 1555-7 May 1633) was a younger son of Charles Stourton, 8th Baron Stourton and Lady Anne Stanley, daughter of Edward Stanley, 3rd Earl of Derby.	Edward Stourton, 10th Baron Stourton	7 May 1633
date of death	Émile Arnaud (1864 -- 1921) was a French lawyer, notary, and writer noted for his anti-war rhetoric and for coining the term ``pacifism''.	Émile Arnaud	1921
date of death	Patrick Michael Grundy (16 November 1917, Yarmouth, Isle of Wight -- 4 November 1959) was an English mathematician and statistician.	Patrick Michael Grundy	4 November 1959
date of death	Mor Severios (27 March 1851 -- 11 June 1927) was a Metropolitan for the Knanaya.	Mor Severios	11 June 1927
date of death	Annette Bear-Crawford (1853 -- 7 June 1899) was a women's suffragist and federationist in Victoria.	Annette Bear-Crawford	7 June 1899
date of death	Gillafin mac Coulahan lord of Síol Anmchadha, 1096-1101.	Gillafin mac Coulahan	1101
date of death	Anna Mackenzie (1621--1707) was a Scottish countess of Balcarres and later a countess of Argyll.	Anna Mackenzie	1707
date of death	Nicholas Fuller (c. 1557 -- 1626) was an English Hebraist and philologist.	Nicholas Fuller	1626
date of death	Marquard Herrgott (9 October 1694 -- 9 October 1762) was a German Benedictine historian and diplomat.	Marquard Herrgott	9 October 1762
date of death	Tidiani Tall (c.1840 -- 1888) succeeded his uncle, El Hadj Umar Tall, as head of the Toucouleur Empire following Umar's 1864 death near Bandiagara.	Tidiani Tall	1888
date of death	Yehoshua Ben-Zion (1924 -- 2004) (Hebrew: יהושע בן ציון‎) was an Israeli banker.	Yehoshua Ben-Zion	2004
date of death	Pierre Weil (16 April 1924 -- 10 October 2008) was a psychologist, author and educator dedicated to the cause of world peace.	Pierre Weil	10 October 2008
date of death	Edward Thurland (22 February 1607 -- 14 January 1683) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1673.	Edward Thurland	14 January 1683
date of death	Robert Walter Steel CBE (31 July 1915 -- 29 December 1997) was a British geographer, who was Professor of Geography at Liverpool University from 1957 to 1974 and Principal of the University College of Swansea from 1974 to 1982.	Robert Walter Steel	29 December 1997
date of death	Sir Nicolas Byron (died 1503) was created a Knight of the Bath by Arthur, Prince of Wales on the occasion of Byron's marriage on 14 November 1501 to Joan Bushler, a daughter of Sir John Bushler.	Nicolas Byron	1503
date of death	Dr. Edgar Knobloch (11 November 1927 -- 3 February 2013) was a Czech writer who specialised in the history of Central Asia and the Islamic world.	Edgar Knobloch	3 February 2013
date of death	Kaneji Domoto (November 5, 1913 - Jan. 27, 2002), known as ``Kan'', was an architect and landscape architect.	Kaneji Domoto	2002
date of death	Oronzio Maldarelli was an American sculptor and painter (1892--1963) born in Naples, Italy.	Oronzio Maldarelli	1963
date of death	Arthur Tilford (14 May 1903 -- 1993) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back for various clubs in the 1920s and 1930s.	Arthur Tilford	1993
date of death	Stanley Stahl (1924--1999) was an American banker and real estate investor from New York City.	Stanley Stahl	1999
date of death	Timothée Franchère (ca. 1790 -- October 5, 1849) was a Quebec businessman and political figure.	Timothée Franchère	1849
date of death	Maria Hellwig (22 February 1920 -- 26 November 2010) was a German yodeler, popular performer of volkstümliche Musik (Alpine folk music), and television presenter.	Maria Hellwig	26 November 2010
date of death	Rabbi Hillel Lichtenstein was a Hungarian rabbi; born at Veča 1814; died at Kolomyia, Galicia (now Ukraine), May 18, 1891.	Hillel Lichtenstein	1891
date of death	Sidney Leslie Goodwin (9 September 1910 -- 15 April 1912) was a 19-month-old English boy who died during the sinking of the RMS Titanic.	Sidney Leslie Goodwin	15 April 1912
date of death	Pratap Singh Prabhakar (1740 -- November 1791) was the first ruler of the princely state of Alwar.	Pratap Singh Prabhakar	November 1791
date of death	Mountain Wolf Woman, or Xéhachiwinga (1884--1960), was a Native American woman of the Ho-Chunk (Winnebago) tribe.	Mountain Wolf Woman	1960
date of death	Guglielmo Gasparrini (3 January 1803 -- 28 June 1866) was an Italian botanist and mycologist.	Guglielmo Gasparrini	28 June 1866
date of death	Arthur Barlow (23 October 1904 - 21 August 1951) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Arthur Barlow	21 August 1951
date of death	Carlo I Malatesta (June 1368 -- 13 September 1429) was an Italian condottiero during the Wars in Lombardy and lord of Rimini, Fano, Cesena and Pesaro.	Carlo I Malatesta	13 September 1429
date of death	William Parrott (18 December 1843 -- 9 November 1905) was a British coalminer, trade union official and Liberal--	William Parrott	9 November 1905
date of death	Colonel Sir James Hayes Sadler KCMG CB FRGS (21 May 1827 -- 9 January 1910) was a British diplomat and civil servant.	James Hayes Sadler	9 January 1910
date of death	Ary Stillman (February 13, 1891 - January 1967) was a representational and abstract Russian-American painter born in Hresk near Slutsk, Belarus.	Ary Stillman	1967
date of death	Louis Piazzoli, PIME (12 May 1845 -- 26 December 1904) was the Apostolic Vicar of Hong Kong from January 11, 1895 to 1904.	Louis Piazzoli	1904
date of death	Henry Gastineau (1791--1876) was an English engraver and prolific painter in water-colours.	Henry Gastineau	1876
date of death	Evangeline Atwood (1906-1987) was an American historian, activist, and philanthropist.	Evangeline Atwood	1987
date of death	Eadnoth the Constable (died 1068) also known as Eadnoth the Staller, was an Anglo-Saxon landowner and steward to Edward the Confessor and King Harold II. He is mentioned in Domesday Book as holding thirty manors in Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Wiltshire, before the Norman conquest.	Eadnoth the Constable	1068
date of death	Hercules Ross died on 25 December 1816, his wife having predeceased him by five years.	Hercules Ross	25 December 1816
date of death	Kirby Page (1890--1957) was an American Disciples of Christ minister, an author, and a peace activist.	Kirby Page	1957
date of death	Vilvanathan (15 October 1928 -- 26 June 2009) was an Indian architect, who played an important role in building houses etc., he was also called ``Mastry''.	Vilvanathan	26 June 2009
date of death	Mahananda Sapkota (1896-1977) was a Nepalese social worker, etymologist, linguist, and poet.	Mahananda Sapkota	1977
date of death	Bojan Accetto (4 September 1922 in Ljubljana -- 26 July 2007) was a Slovenian physician and internal specialist, the founder of gerontology in Slovenia.	Bojan Accetto	26 July 2007
date of death	Joyce Barbour (1901--1977) was a British actress.	Joyce Barbour	1977
date of death	Jean-Jacques Millant (1928--1998) was an influential French bow maker/archetier (French word for maker of string family bows) of the Dominique Peccatte school.	Jean-Jacques Millant	1998
date of death	Ludwig Wahrmund (21 August 1860 - 10 September 1932) was an Austrian professor of Canon Law at the University of Innsbruck.	Ludwig Wahrmund	10 September 1932
date of death	Ian MacLeod (19 November 1959 - 6 May 2013) was a Scottish footballer who played as a defender.	Ian MacLeod	6 May 2013
date of death	Zim Ngqawana (25 December 1959 -- 10 May 2011) was a South African flautist and saxophonist.	Zim Ngqawana	10 May 2011
date of death	Archibald Kennedy, Earl of Cassilis (4 June 1794 -- 12 August 1832) was the eldest son of Archibald Kennedy, 1st Marquess of Ailsa.	Archibald Kennedy, Earl of Cassilis	12 August 1832
date of death	Ralph Aitken (16 February 1863 -- 10 January 1928) was a Scottish international football player, who played for Dumbarton, Newcastle West End and Scotland.	Ralph Aitken	1928
date of death	John Pinkerton (17 February 1758 -- 10 March 1826) was a Scottish antiquarian, cartographer, author, numismatist, historian, and early advocate of Germanic racial supremacy theory.	John Pinkerton	10 March 1826
date of death	Jacob Xaver Schmuzer (1713--1775) was a German copper engraver particularly noted for his illustrating ``Unterhaltungen aus der Naturgeschichte'' ('Discourse on Natural History'), the monumental multi-volume work of the Bavarian clergyman and naturalist from Augsburg, Gottlieb Tobias Wilhelm (1758-1822).	Jacob Xaver Schmuzer	1775
date of death	Arthur McCashin (5 May 1909 -- 24 September 1988) was an American equestrian and Olympic medalist.	Arthur McCashin	24 September 1988
date of death	John Tawell (1784--1845) was a British murderer.	John Tawell	1845
date of death	Rabbi Chaim Avraham Dov Ber Levine HaCohen, (1859/1860 - 1938), a kohen by birth, known as ``the Malach'' (lit. ``the angel'') was the founder of the Malachim (Hasidic group).	Chaim Avraham Dov Ber Levine HaCohen	1938
date of death	Eco James Coli (February 15, 1922-December 1982) was a Chicago tough guy who was an alleged labor racketeer.	Eco James Coli	1982
date of death	Gilbert Le Coze (1945 -- 28 July 1994) was a French chef known for his innovative methods in seafood preparation.	Gilbert Le Coze	28 July 1994
date of death	The film centres on the killing of Joan Vollmer Burroughs, on 6 September 1951, by her husband, William S. Burroughs.	Joan Vollmer	6 September 1951
date of death	Sir William Rae, 3rd Baronet (14 April 1769 -- 19 October 1842), was a Scottish politician and lawyer, a son of Sir David Rae, Lord Eskgrove.	Sir William Rae, 3rd Baronet	19 October 1842
date of death	Turpilio (died 409) was a Roman military commander, a Magister peditum.	Turpilio	409
date of death	Ena Baga (5 January 1906 -- 15 July 2004) was a British pianist and theatre organist.	Ena Baga	15 July 2004
date of death	Sir Roger Vaughan of Bredwardine (died 25 October 1415), also known as Roger Fychan the younger, was a Welsh gentleman, described as having possessed wealth, rank, and high respectability.	Roger Vaughan of Bredwardine	25 October 1415
date of death	Ravinder Kapoor (15 December 1940 -- 3 March 2011), popularly known as Goga Kapoor, was an Indian film actor, who appeared mostly in Bollywood films.	Goga Kapoor	3 March 2011
date of death	Karl Gustaf Torsten Sjögren (/ˈʃoʊɡrən/; Swedish: (ˈɧœˈɡrɪən); 30 January 1896 -- 27 July 1974) was a Swedish psychiatrist and geneticist.	Torsten Sjögren	27 July 1974
date of death	Abdullah Mohamed Omar (26 May 1934 -- 13 March 2004), better known as Dullah Omar, was a South African anti-Apartheid activist, lawyer, and a minister in the South African cabinet from 1994 till his death.	Dullah Omar	13 March 2004
date of death	Edward Geoffrey Toye (17 February 1889 -- 11 June 1942), known as Geoffrey Toye, was an English conductor, composer and opera producer.	Geoffrey Toye	11 June 1942
date of death	Aleksander Augezdecky (or Aujezdecki) (born in the early sixteenth century, died in 1577 in Litomyšl) was a Polish printer and publisher of Czech origin.	Aleksander Augezdecky	1577
date of death	Audun Hugleiksson (Hestakorn) (c. 1240 -- 2 December 1302) was a Norwegian nobleman at the end of the 13th century.	Audun Hugleiksson	2 December 1302
date of death	Jonathan Spilsbury (1737?--1812) was an English engraver, the brother of John Spilsbury, with whom he has sometimes been confused, and father of Maria Spilsbury.	Jonathan Spilsbury	1812
date of death	Edward Larocque Tinker (1881-1968) was an American writer and philanthropist who developed a deep interest in the culture of Latin America and spent much of his life exploring it.	Edward Larocque Tinker	1968
date of death	John Anthony Sydney Ritson DSO & Bar, OBE, MC (18 August 1887 -- 16 October 1957) was an English mines inspector and engineer who became professor of mining at Leeds University and at the Royal School of Mines, Imperial College, London.	John Anthony Sydney Ritson	16 October 1957
date of death	Jack Stenhouse (20 November 1911 -- 31 October 1987) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond, Essendon and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Stenhouse	31 October 1987
date of death	Johann Samuel Heinsius (1686--1750) was a German bookseller and publisher based in Leipzig, best known for the works he published in collaboration with Johann Heinrich Zedler.	Johann Samuel Heinsius	1750
date of death	Martin Nadaud (17 November 1815, Soubrebost, Creuse -- 28 December 1898) rose from being a peasant boy to becoming a revolutionary and Member of Parliament.	Martin Nadaud	28 December 1898
date of death	Edward Whitby (died 8 April 1639) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1629.	Edward Whitby	8 April 1639
date of death	John Price Durbin (1800--1876) was a Methodist clergyman who served as Chaplain of the Senate and president of Dickinson College.	John Price Durbin	1876
date of death	Henry Winder (15 May 1693 -- 9 August 1752) was an English nonconformist minister and chronologist.	Henry Winder	9 August 1752
date of death	Alan Redpath (9 January 1907 -- 16 March 1989), was a well-known British evangelist, pastor and author.	Alan Redpath	1989
date of death	Petrus Peckius the Elder (born Pieter Peck, Zierikzee, 16 July 1529; died Mechelen, 16 July 1589), also known as Pierre Peckius, was an eminent Netherlandish jurist, one of the first to write about international maritime law, and the father of Petrus Peckius the Younger.	Petrus Peckius the Elder	16 July 1589
date of death	Pan Chengdong (Chinese: 潘承洞; Pinyin: Pān Chéngdòng; 26 May 1934 -- 27 December 1997) was a Chinese mathematician made contributions in number theory, including the Goldbach's conjecture.	Pan Chengdong	27 December 1997
date of death	John Lyon, 7th Lord Glamis (c. 1521--1558) was a Scottish nobleman.	John Lyon, 7th Lord Glamis	1558
date of death	Thomas Bignall (8 January 1842 -- 19 September 1898) was an English cricketer who played first-class matches for Nottinghamshire between 1863 and 1878 as a right-handed batsman and very occasional fast bowler.	Thomas Bignall	19 September 1898
date of death	Émile Renouf (23 June 1845 -- 1894) was a French painter and draughtsman of the realism-impressionism school.	Émile Renouf	1894
date of death	Abraham of the High Mountain (died 406) was a teacher of Barsauma.	Abraham of the High Mountain	406
date of death	James Alan Hull (20 February 1945 -- 17 November 1995) was an English singer-songwriter and founding member of the Tyneside folk rock band Lindisfarne.	Alan Hull	17 November 1995
date of death	John Broadwood (6 October 1732 -- 17 July 1812) was the Scottish founder of the piano manufacturer Broadwood and Sons.	John Broadwood	17 July 1812
date of death	Michael Barrington (3 July 1924 -- 5 June 1988) was a British actor best known for his television work.	Michael Barrington	5 June 1988
date of death	Indrani Aikath Gyaltsen (1952-1994) was an Indian novelist and columnist.	Indrani Aikath Gyaltsen	1994
date of death	Hermann von Münster (c. 1330 - March 1392) was a German master glassmaker, native of Münster, in Westphalia, and active in Lorraine.	Hermann von Münster	March 1392
date of death	Arthur Hugh Inkster (c. 1866 -- 29 March 1907) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly multi-member seat of Flinders from 1905 to 1907, joining the Liberal and Democratic Union in 1906.	Arthur Hugh Inkster	29 March 1907
date of death	Sophia Stacey (1791--1874) was a friend of the Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley, to whom he dedicated the Ode which begins:	Sophia Stacey	1874
date of death	Mekled Hamied (died December 2003) was a top Islamic Jihad commander who was killed during an Israeli air strike on his car in the last week of 2003.	Mekled Hamied	2003
date of death	George Murnaghan (4 July 1847 -- 13 January 1929) was an Irish Nationalist Member of Parliament in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	George Murnaghan	13 January 1929
date of death	William H. Brand (April 20, 1824 Leonardsville, Madison County, New York -- 1891) was an American merchant and politician from New York.	William H. Brand	1891
date of death	William Robert Bousfield FRS (12 January 1854 -- 16 July 1943) was a British lawyer, Conservative politician and scientist.	William Robert Bousfield	16 July 1943
date of death	Deane McMinn was a figure skating judge who was serving as team manager for the United States Figure Skating team attending the 1961 World Figure Skating Championships.	Deane McMinn	1961
date of death	Sir Ralph Hare, 1st Baronet (24 March 1623 - 28 February 1672) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1654 and 1672.	Ralph Hare	28 February 1672
date of death	John Marshall, Lord Curriehill (1794--1868) was a Scottish judge.	John Marshall, Lord Curriehill	1868
date of death	Prince Francis Joseph of Braganza (Portuguese: Príncipe Francisco José de Bragança; 7 September 1879 -- 15 June 1919) was a member of the exiled branch of House of Braganza and an officer in the Austro-Hungarian Army.	Prince Francis Joseph of Braganza	15 June 1919
date of death	Kirstine Fiil (23 August 1918 -- 25 August 1983) was a convicted member of the Danish resistance as part of the Hvidsten Group, whose husband, father and brother were executed by the German occupying power.	Kirstine Fiil	25 August 1983
date of death	Geoffrey Malcolm Gathorne-Hardy, who wrote as G. M. Gathorne-Hardy (28 January 1878 - 7 January 1972) was an English soldier, writer and Norse specialist.	Geoffrey Malcolm Gathorne-Hardy	7 January 1972
date of death	John Churchill Chase (1905--1986) was a cartoonist and writer.	John Churchill Chase	1986
date of death	John Hodgkiss (ca.1820 -- 23 June 1897) was a politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia	John Hodgkiss	23 June 1897
date of death	General Lord John Murray (14 April 1711 -- 26 May 1787) was a British general and politician.	Lord John Murray	26 May 1787
date of death	Paul Scott Mowrer (July 14, 1887- April 7, 1971) was an American newspaper correspondent, born in Bloomington, Illinois.	Paul Scott Mowrer	1971
date of death	Bartholomew Traheron (1510?--1558?) was an English Protestant writer and Marian exile.	Bartholomew Traheron	1558
date of death	David Schley Schaff (17 October 1852, Mercersburg, Pennsylvania -- 2 March 1941, Winter Park, Florida) was a United States Presbyterian clergyman,educator and pioneer of American football.	David Schley Schaff	2 March 1941
date of death	William Rupert McCourt CMG (1884 -- 17 February 1947) was an Australian public servant who served as Clerk of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	William Rupert McCourt	17 February 1947
date of death	Reuben Moulthrop (1763-1814) was an early American artist based in East Haven, Connecticut.	Reuben Moulthrop	1814
date of death	Thomas Bruce, 2nd Earl of Ailesbury and 3rd Earl of Elgin (1656 -- 16 December 1741) was the son of Robert Bruce, 2nd Earl of Elgin and Lady Diana Grey.	Thomas Bruce, 2nd Earl of Ailesbury	16 December 1741
date of death	Edward William Cole, also known as 'E. W. Cole of the Book Arcade', (4 January 1832 -- 16 December 1918) was a bookseller and founder of the Book Arcade, Melbourne, Australia.	Edward William Cole	16 December 1918
date of death	Povilas Višinskis (28 June 1875, Ušnėnai, Kovno Governorate -- 23 April 1906, Berlin) was a Lithuanian writer, journalist, theatre director, and politician.	Povilas Višinskis	23 April 1906
date of death	Pasang Lhamu Sherpa (Nepali: पासाङ ल्हामु शेर्पा; 10 December 1961 -- 22 April 1993) was the first Nepalese woman to climb the summit of Mount Everest.	Pasang Lhamu Sherpa	22 April 1993
date of death	Mohammad Jan Abdullah Wardak (1954 or 1955 -- 13 September 2008) was an Afghan politician and former Mujahideen commander.	Abdullah Wardak	13 September 2008
date of death	Steven Groák (1944--1998) was head of research and development at Ove Arup Partnership in London, UK from 1990-1998.	Steven Groák	1998
date of death	Crazy Lou (died 1886) was the pseudonym of a New York showgirl and prostitute who was a well-known personality in the Bowery during the late 19th century.	Crazy Lou	1886
date of death	John Micallef (1923--2003) was a Maltese minor philosopher.	John Micallef	2003
date of death	Edward Holdsworth (1684--1746) was an English classical scholar, known as a neo-Latin poet.	Edward Holdsworth	1746
date of death	Han Snel (1925--1998) was a famous Dutch painter born in Scheveningen, who moved to Indonesia in the 1940s to paint the island of Bali.	Han Snel	1998
date of death	The Reverend Robinson Duckworth DD, CVO, VD, (4 December 1834 -- 20 September 1911) was present in the original boating expedition of 4 July 1862 during which Alice's Adventures were first told by Lewis Carroll (Charles Lutwidge Dodgson).	Robinson Duckworth	20 September 1911
date of death	Charles Kingsley Adams CBE FBA (17 June 1899 -- 19 January 1971) was director, Keeper and Secretary of the National Portrait Gallery from 1951 to 1964 He was made CBE in 1954 and was a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries.	Charles Kingsley Adams	19 January 1971
date of death	Xiao Yu (574--647), courtesy name Shiwen, posthumously known as Duke Zhenbian of Song, was an imperial prince of the Liang dynasty who later became an official under the Sui and Tang dynasties.	Xiao Yu	647
date of death	Kurt Kaiser (3 November 1906 -- 24 May 1970), better known as Sydney John Kay, was a German-born composer, musician and theatre entrepreneur.	Sydney John Kay	24 May 1970
date of death	Sharof Rashidovich Rashidov (in Cyrillic Uzbek: Шароф Рашидович Рашидов ; in Russian: Шараф Рашидович Рашидов Sharaf Rashidovich Rashidov) (6 November (O.S. 24 October) 1917 -- 31 October 1983) was a Communist Party leader in the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic and a CPSU Central Committee Politbureau candidate member between 1961 and 1983.	Sharof Rashidov	31 October 1983
date of death	William Bankier (10 December 1870 -- 4 September 1949) billed as 'Apollo, the Scottish Hercules', was an early bodybuilder and strongman stage performer who in 1915 and 1919 was also 'King Rat' of the showbusiness charity the Grand Order of Water Rats.	William Bankier	4 September 1949
date of death	Panagiotis Pavlidis (Greek: Παναγιώτης Παυλίδης; died 1968) was a Greek shooter.	Panagiotis Pavlidis	1968
date of death	Éamon a Búrc (1866--1942) was a tailor and Irish storyteller or seanchaí.	Éamon a Búrc	1942
date of death	Jan Mul (20 September 1911 - 30 December 1971) was a Dutch composer, mainly of church music.	Jan Mul	30 December 1971
date of death	Gerry O'Sullivan (1 April 1936 -- 5 August 1994) was an Irish Labour Party politician from Cork.	Gerry O'Sullivan	5 August 1994
date of death	William Bouverie, 1st Earl of Radnor FRS (26 February 1725 -- 28 January 1776) was a British peer, styled Hon. William Bouverie from 1747 until 1761.	William Bouverie, 1st Earl of Radnor	28 January 1776
date of death	Sir Edmund Frederick Du Cane (1830--1903) was an English major-general of the Royal Engineers and prison administrator.	Edmund Frederick Du Cane	1903
date of death	Ludwig Haetzer (also Ludwig Hetzer, Ludwig Hätzer and sometimes Ludwig Hatzer) (1500 -- 4 February 1529) was an Anabaptist.	Ludwig Haetzer	4 February 1529
date of death	Edele Jernskjæg (died 1512) was a Danish noble, courtier and the royal mistress of King John I of Denmark.	Edele Jernskjæg	1512
date of death	Sir Manasseh Meyer (1843--1930) was a British businessman and philanthropist who was a benefactor to the Jewish community in Singapore.	Manasseh Meyer	1930
date of death	Sir John Dineley-Goodere, 5th Baronet (1729--1809) was an English eccentric.	Sir John Dineley-Goodere, 5th Baronet	1809
date of death	Ivan Noble (June 1967 -- 31 January 2005) was a British journalist who worked for BBC News Online and became well known for his diary documenting his fight against cancer.	Ivan Noble	31 January 2005
date of death	Saint Carláen (also called Cairlan, Carlan, Cairellán, Caurlan, Caerlan, Cáerlan, Cairlaene, Carillan, Cairlén, Ciarlaech, Cayrlan, Cairlani) (c. 530 -- 24 March 588) was the Bishop of Armagh, Ireland from 578 to 588.	Carláen	24 March 588
date of death	Antonina Makarova (née Parfenova, Ginsburg by marriage, Russian: Антонина Макарова, 1921 -- 11 August 1979) was a Soviet war criminal and executioner who collaborated with the Nazis during World War II. From 1942 to 1943 she executed some 1,500 Soviet partisans and their family members by machine gun.	Antonina Makarova	11 August 1979
date of death	Arthur J. Frawley (c. 1899 -- November 1969) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the 41st and 44th Mayors of Lynn, Massachusetts.	Arthur J. Frawley	November 1969
date of death	John Harington, 2nd Baron Harington (1328-1363) of Aldingham in Furness, Lancashire, was an English peer, who inherited the title Baron Harington in 1347 on the death of his grandfather John Harington, 1st Baron Harington (1281--1347).	John Harington, 2nd Baron Harington	1363
date of death	Jerzy Strzałka (28 March 1933 -- 13 October 1976) was a Polish fencer.	Jerzy Strzałka	13 October 1976
date of death	Colonel Sir John Luke Lowther KCVO CBE (17 November 1923 -- 11 April 2011) was a British soldier and Northamptonshire gentleman.	John Luke Lowther	11 April 2011
date of death	Jaime de Angulo (1887--1950) was a linguist, novelist, and ethnomusicologist in the western United States.	Jaime de Angulo	1950
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Thomas Wolseley Haig KCIE CSI CMG CBE (7 August 1865 -- 28 April 1938) was a civil servant in British India, then Professor at Trinity College, Dublin, and later a Scottish herald.	Wolseley Haig	28 April 1938
date of death	Cheomhae of Silla (r. 247-261, died 261), often known by his title Cheomhae Isageum, was the twelfth ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla.	Cheomhae of Silla	261
date of death	Major Dr John Elsdale Molson TD (1863-1925) was a Canadian-born British Conservative politician and member of the Molson family of Montreal that started the famous Molson brewery.	John Elsdale Molson	1925
date of death	Sir Charles Arundell (died 9 December 1587), was an English gentleman, lord of the manor of South Petherton, Somerset, notable as an early Roman Catholic recusant and later as a leader of the English exiles in France.	Charles Arundell	9 December 1587
date of death	Johannes Lundson (12 October 1867, Leppävirta -- 11 August 1939, Salo) was a Finnish politician from Young Finnish Party.	Johannes Lundson	11 August 1939
date of death	Sir William Langhorne, 1st Baronet (c. 1631 -- 26 February 1715) was the Agent of Madras from January 1670 to 27 January 1678.	Sir William Langhorne, 1st Baronet	26 February 1715
date of death	Lawrence Daly (20 October 1924 -- 23 May 2009) was a coal miner, trade unionist and political activist.	Lawrence Daly	23 May 2009
date of death	Ivor Rees VC (18 October 1893 -- 11 March 1967) was a Welsh recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to members of the British and Commonwealth forces.	Ivor Rees	11 March 1967
date of death	Sir Alfred Jodrell, 4th Baronet (1847-1929) was the fourth and last of the Jodrell Baronets, assuming the title in 1882.	Alfred Jodrell	1929
date of death	Mikhail Mikhaylovich Gerasimov (Russian: Михаи́л Миха́йлович Гера́симов) (2 September 1907 -- 21 July 1970) was a renowned Soviet archaeologist and anthropologist who developed the first technique of forensic sculpture based on findings of anthropology, archaeology, paleontology, and forensic science.	Mikhail Mikhaylovich Gerasimov	21 July 1970
date of death	Ofusato (承察度) (1337--1398) was the first king of Nanzan, a kingdom in the southernmost end of Okinawa Island.	Ofusato	1398
date of death	John Karl Hillers (1843, Hanover, Germany -- 1925) was an American government photographer.	John Karl Hillers	1925
date of death	James Hemings (1765 -- 1801) was an American mixed-race slave owned and freed by Thomas Jefferson.	James Hemings	1801
date of death	Frederick Samuel Wallis (22 November 1857 -- 13 November 1939) was a trade unionist and politician in the state of South Australia.	Frederick Samuel Wallis	13 November 1939
date of death	Albert Spaier (9 July 1883 -- 5 February 1934) was a French philosopher, professor of philosophy at the University of Caen.	Albert Spaier	5 February 1934
date of death	James de Audley (1220 -- 1272), or James de Aldithel and Alditheley, was an English baron.	James de Audley	1272
date of death	Lawrence Carra (1909-- March 30, 2006) was an American professor of drama at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Lawrence Carra	2006
date of death	Medicine Arrows (real name Rock Forehead or Stone Forehead) (c.1795--1876) was a Cheyenne chief and Keeper of the Medicine Arrows from 1850 until his death.	Medicine Arrows	1876
date of death	Pavao Ritter Vitezović (Croatian pronunciation: (pâʋao rîter ʋitěːzoʋitɕ); 7 January 1652 -- 20 January 1713) was a noted Habsburg-Croatian writer, diplomat, and expansionist advocate.	Pavao Ritter Vitezović	20 January 1713
date of death	Sir Fergus McMaster (3 May 1879 -- 8 August 1950) was an Australian businessman and aviation pioneer.	Fergus McMaster	8 August 1950
date of death	Sir John Jardine, 1st Baronet (27 September 1844 -- 26 April 1919) was Liberal MP for Roxburghshire from 1906 to 1918.	Sir John Jardine, 1st Baronet	26 April 1919
date of death	Henry Hugh Clutton (12 July 1850 -- 9 November 1909) was an English surgeon who described painless symmetrical hydrarthrosis (an accumulation of water in the cavity of a joint), especially of the knee joints: seen in hereditary syphilis.	Henry Hugh Clutton	9 November 1909
date of death	Orlando Whistlecraft (11 November 1810 -- 3 March 1893) was an early English meteorologist who was born and died in the Eastern England village of Thwaite, Suffolk.	Orlando Whistlecraft	3 March 1893
date of death	Joseph Vickers de Ville (1856--1925) was an English painter of landscapes and rural subjects.	Joseph Vickers de Ville	1925
date of death	Julius Katz (March 9, 1925, New York, NY -- 1999) was United States Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs, appointed by President Ford.	Julius Katz	1999
date of death	Chi-Chien Wang (Chinese: 王己千; pinyin: Wáng Jǐqiān; Wade--Giles: Wang Chi-chien; 1907 -- July 3, 2003), better known as C. C. Wang, was a Chinese-born artist and art collector based in New York City.	C. C. Wang	2003
date of death	John Cameron Peddie, (1887 -- 1968) known as ``J Cameron Peddie'', was born on 16 May 1887 at Conland, Forgue, Aberdeenshire.	John Cameron Peddie	1968
date of death	Jane Harriett Walker CH (24 October 1859 -- 7 November 1938) was an English medical doctor who first implemented the open-air method of treating tuberculosis in England.	Jane Harriett Walker	7 November 1938
date of death	Zayd ibn Harithah (Arabic: زيد بن حارثة‎) or Zayd mawla Muhammad (c. 581 -- 629 CE) was a companion of Muhammad who was at one stage regarded as his (adoptive) son.	Zayd ibn Harithah	629
date of death	Westgarth Forster (1772, Garrigill - 1835, Garrigill) was a geologist, mineralogist, and mining engineer.	Westgarth Forster	1835
date of death	Ernest Melville DuPorte (24 October 1891 - 31 July 1981) was a Canadian entomologist best known for his research in insect morphology.	Ernest Melville DuPorte	31 July 1981
date of death	Pasquale Ricca (Civezza, 1854-1910) was an Italian painter, with an eclectic output of portraits, genre, still-life, seascape, and landscape subjects.	Pasquale Ricca	1910
date of death	Liu Yizheng (柳詒徵) (1880--1956) was a Chinese modern historian, calligrapher, librarian, cultural scholar, educator and academic leader.	Liu Yizheng	1956
date of death	Ann George (5 March 1903 -- 8 September 1989) was a British actress best known for her role as Amy Turtle in the television soap opera Crossroads.	Ann George	8 September 1989
date of death	Lucebert (/ˈluːtʃᵻbɛərt/; Lubertus Jacobus Swaanswijk; 15 September 1924 -- 10 May 1994) was a Dutch artist who first became known as the poet of the COBRA movement.	Lucebert	10 May 1994
date of death	Rajendra Krishan (6 June 1919 -- 23 September 1987) also credited as Rajinder Krishan, was an Indian poet, lyricist and screenwriter.	Rajendra Krishan	23 September 1987
date of death	Reverend George Wilson Bridges (1788--1863) was a writer, photographer and Anglican cleric.	George Wilson Bridges	1863
date of death	Martin Johann Schmidt, called Kremser Schmidt or Kremserschmidt, (25 September 1718 - 28 June 1801), was one of the outstanding Austrian painters of the late Baroque/Rococo along with Franz Anton Maulbertsch.	Martin Johann Schmidt	28 June 1801
date of death	Al-Malik al-Amjad Bahramshah was the Ayyubid emir of Baalbek between 1182-1230 (578-627 AH).	Bahramshah	1230
date of death	Laurie Gallagher (11 June 1924 -- 12 December 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Laurie Gallagher	12 December 2012
date of death	Kūya (空也)(903-972) was an itinerant Japanese priest who, along with Genshin and Jakushin, was an early promoter of the practice of the nembutsu amongst the common people in order to attain salvation and entry into the Pure land of Amida.	Kūya	972
date of death	Michel Honoré Bounieu (1740--1814) was a French painter of historical and genre subjects, and a mezzotint engraver.	Michel Honoré Bounieu	1814
date of death	Ray Harry (11 August 1909 -- 25 October 1991) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ray Harry	25 October 1991
date of death	Arnoldus Clapmarius (real surname Klapmeier, also known as Arnold Clapmar) (1574--1604) was a German academic, jurist and humanist, known for his writings on statecraft.	Arnoldus Clapmarius	1604
date of death	Thorvald Meyer (23 September 1818 -- 3 February 1909) was a Norwegian businessman who built his fortune primarily on real estate development in Oslo, but also forestry.	Thorvald Meyer	1909
date of death	Nana Asma'u (full name: Nana Asma’u bint Shehu Usman dan Fodiyo, Arabic: نانا أسماء بنت عثمان فودي‎; 1793--1864) was a princess, poet, teacher, and daughter of the founder of the Sokoto Caliphate, Usman dan Fodio.	Nana Asma’u	1864
date of death	Tomislav Sertić (21 December 1902 -- 27 September 1945) was a member of the Croatian World War II Ustaše regime in charge of the Independent State of Croatia during World War II. He was born in Udbina on 21 December 1902.	Tomislav Sertić	27 September 1945
date of death	Luo Mu (1622--1706) was a painter, poet and prose writer born in Jiangxi.	Luo Mu	1706
date of death	Joseph Clinton Robertson (c.1787--1852), pseudonym Sholto Percy, was a Scottish patent agent, writer and periodical editor.	Joseph Clinton Robertson	1852
date of death	Art Brenner (1924 - 2013) was an American abstract sculptor and painter.	Art Brenner	2013
date of death	Fernande Caroen (27 July 1920, Ostend -- 16 April 1998, Ostend) was a Belgian freestyle swimmer.	Fernande Caroen	16 April 1998
date of death	Patricia Preece (January 1894 -- June 1966), born Ruby Vivian Preece, was an English artist associated with the Bloomsbury Group and the second wife of painter Stanley Spencer, for whom she modelled.	Patricia Preece	1966
date of death	Berthold of Reichenau (died probably in 1088) was a Benedictine monk and chronicler of Reichenau Abbey.	Berthold of Reichenau	1088
date of death	Lanza del Vasto (born Giuseppe Giovanni Luigi Maria Enrico Lanza di Trabia-Branciforte; 29 September 1901 -- 5 January 1981) was a philosopher, poet, artist, catholic and nonviolent activist.	Lanza del Vasto	5 January 1981
date of death	Narai (Thai: นารายณ์; 1633 -- 11 July 1688) or Ramathibodi III (รามาธิบดีที่ 3) or Ramathibodi Si Sanphet (รามาธิบดีศรีสรรเพชญ) was the king of Ayutthaya from 1656 to 1688 and arguably the most famous Ayutthayan king.	Narai	11 July 1688
date of death	Giovanni Battista Montano (1534--1621) was an Italian architect, designer and engraver of primary importance as a recorder of Antique Roman architectural remains.	Giovanni Battista Montano	1621
date of death	Canute Lavard (Danish: Knud Lavard) (March 12, 1096 -- 7 January 1131) was a Danish prince.	Canute Lavard	7 January 1131
date of death	James Hamilton, 2nd Marquess of Hamilton and 4th Earl of Arran KG PC (1589 -- 2 March 1625), styled Lord Aven from 1599 to 1604, was a Scottish politician.	James Hamilton, 2nd Marquess of Hamilton	2 March 1625
date of death	Phil Hunt (10 January 1884 - 9 June 1946) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Phil Hunt	9 June 1946
date of death	Elizabeth Henry Campbell Russell (1749--1825), a sister of Patrick Henry, was born in Hanover County, Virginia, to John Henry and Sarah Winston.	Elizabeth Henry Campbell Russell	1825
date of death	P. Chendur Pandian (1949 or 1950 -- 11 July 2015) was an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Kadayanallur constituency.	P. Chendur Pandian	11 July 2015
date of death	Vera Scantlebury Brown OBE (7 August 1889 -- 14 July 1946) was an Australian medical practitioner and pediatrician in Victoria, Australia.	Vera Scantlebury Brown	14 July 1946
date of death	Ephraim London died in New York City on 12 June 1990 from complications from diabetes.	Ephraim London	1990
date of death	Jennifer F. M. Horne (died 5 October 2008 in Nanyuki, Kenya) also known as Jenny Horne or after her marriage as Jennifer Horne-Short was a Kenyan ornithologist and bioacoustican.	Jennifer F. M. Horne	5 October 2008
date of death	Gerard Thomas (1663--1721) was a late Flemish Baroque painter who specialized in studio and picture gallery interiors.	Gerard Thomas	1721
date of death	Jijeung of Silla (437--514) (r.500-514) was the 22nd ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla.	Jijeung of Silla	514
date of death	Ann Howe (c.1802--1842) was a newspaper proprietor in the colony of New South Wales who published a paper which vigorously supported the liberal Governor Richard Bourke and represented the emancipist (ex-convict) voice.	Ann Howe	1842
date of death	Kalman J. Cohen (c. 1932 -- 12 September 2010) was an American economist and among the pioneers of studying market microstructure.	Kalman J. Cohen	12 September 2010
date of death	Maelgwn ap Rhys (c. 1170--1230) was prince of part of the kingdom of Deheubarth in south west Wales.	Maelgwn ap Rhys	1230
date of death	John A. Daniel (c.1931-2011) (aka John Daniels) was magician and a collector and dealer of magician memorabilia, Baranger Motion machines, vintage electric trains, toys, antique carousels and other collectibles.	John A. Daniel	2011
date of death	Maria Perosino (10 December 1961 -- 16 June 2014) was an Italian author and art historian.	Maria Perosino	16 June 2014
date of death	Guillaume de Morlaye (c. 1510-c. 1558) was a French Renaissance era lutenist, composer and music publisher.	Guillaume de Morlaye	1558
date of death	Little Turkey (1758--1801) was First Beloved Man of the Cherokee people, becoming, in 1794, the first Principal Chief of the original Cherokee Nation.	Little Turkey	1801
date of death	Marguerite Joly (1637-19 December 1681) was a professional French poisoner.	Marguerite Joly	19 December 1681
date of death	Rhoda Bulter (15 July 1929 -- 1994), Shetland author, is one of the best-known Shetland poets of recent times.	Rhoda Bulter	1994
date of death	Fu Deng (Chinese: 苻登; 343--394) was an emperor of the Chinese/Di state Former Qin.	Fu Deng	394
date of death	Tor Hagfors (18 December 1930 -- 17 January 2007) was a Norwegian scientist, radio astronomer, radar expert and a pioneer in the studies of the interactions between electromagnetic waves and plasma.	Tor Hagfors	17 January 2007
date of death	Dharmasthala Ratnavarma Heggade was an Indian philanthropist,educationist and legislator who is best known for being the hereditary administrator(Dharmadhikari) of the Dharmasthala Manjunatha Temple from 1955 to 1968.	Ratnavarma Heggade	1968
date of death	Andrew Blain Baird died in Rothesay, Isle of Bute Scotland on 9 September 1951.	Andrew Blain Baird	9 September 1951
date of death	Pierre Julien (20 June 1731 -- 17 December 1804) was a French sculptor who worked in a full range of rococo and neoclassical styles.	Pierre Julien	17 December 1804
date of death	Basil Montagu (24 April 1770 -- 27 November 1851) was a British jurist, barrister, writer and philanthropist.	Basil Montagu	27 November 1851
date of death	Karl Pohlig (10 February 1864 -- 17 June 1928) was a German Bohemian conductor born in Teplitz, Bohemia, Austrian Empire.	Karl Pohlig	17 June 1928
date of death	Francis Lucy (born ca. 1600 -- 1687) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1624 to 1629.	Francis Lucy	1687
date of death	Eduard Raimund Baierlein (29 April 1819, Posen -- 12 October 1901) was a German Lutheran missionary.	Eduard Raimund Baierlein	12 October 1901
date of death	Hugh C. Robertson, (1845--1908), was an American studio potter who is the first recognized potter to have worked with nonrepresentational ceramic decoration glazes.	Hugh C. Robertson	1908
date of death	Chandrakant Sardeshmukh (died 15 August 2011) was a Hindustani classical sitar player of the Maihar Gharana (school).	Chandrakant Sardeshmukh	15 August 2011
date of death	José Dapena Laguna, (28 July 1912 - 20 September 1991) was a Puerto Rican politician and Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico in 1956.	José Dapena Laguna	20 September 1991
date of death	Maria Magdalena Mathsdotter (21 March 1835 -- 31 March 1873) was a Swedish Sami who in 1864 took the initiative to the foundation of schools for Sami children in Lapland.	Maria Magdalena Mathsdotter	31 March 1873
date of death	Janet Horne (died 1727) was an alleged witch from Scotland, and the last person to be executed for witchcraft in the British Isles.	Janet Horne	1727
date of death	Archibald Campbell, 9th Earl of Argyll (26 February 1629 -- 30 June 1685) was a Scottish peer.	Archibald Campbell, 9th Earl of Argyll	1685
date of death	John Buddle (15 September 1773 -- 10 October 1843) was a prominent self-made mining engineer and entrepreneur in North East England.	John Buddle	10 October 1843
date of death	Æthelmær the Stout or Æthelmær Cild (died 1015) was ealdorman of the western provinces (or south-western England) from c. 1005 to 1015.	Æthelmær the Stout	1015
date of death	Baron Frederick Joseph Eugene de Kleist (January 18, 1853 -- 1911), was a pioneering German organ builder, who in founding the North Tonawanda Barrel Organ Factory, started the American style of Band organs.	Eugene de Kleist	1911
date of death	Josep Cusachs i Cusachs (1851, Montpellier - 1908, Barcelona) was a Catalonian soldier and painter.	Josep Cusachs	1908
date of death	Sir Peter Probie (died March 1625) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at times between 1593 and 1598.	Peter Probie	March 1625
date of death	Carl Gotthard Langhans (15 December 1732 -- 1 October 1808) was a Prussian builder and architect.	Carl Gotthard Langhans	1 October 1808
date of death	James Arbuckle (1700 -- 1742?) was an Irish poet and critic, associated politically with Presbyterianism and Whiggism.	James Arbuckle	1742
date of death	Orpha-F. Deveaux (July 24, 1872 -- December 1933) was an American organist, pianist, and music educator.	Orpha-F. Deveaux	December 1933
date of death	Rudolph I, Count Palatine of Tübingen (1160 -- 17 March 1219) was the eldest son of Count Palatine Hugo II of Tübingen.	Rudolph I, Count Palatine of Tübingen	17 March 1219
date of death	Allen Turner (24 October 1891 -- 7 January 1961) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1920.	Allen Turner	1961
date of death	Nshan Beshiktashlian (Armenian: Նշան Պէշիկթաշլեան, born in Istanbul, Ottoman Empire, 1898 - died Paris, France, 1972) was an Armenian poet, writer, satirist, and novelist.	Nshan Beshiktashlian	1972
date of death	Virna Pieralisi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈvirna pjeraˈliːzi); 8 November 1936 -- 18 December 2014), better known as Virna Lisi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈvirna ˈliːzi)), was an Italian actress.	Virna Lisi	18 December 2014
date of death	Samo founded the first recorded political union of Slavic tribes, known as Samo's Empire (realm, kingdom, or tribal union), stretching from Silesia to present-day Slovenia, ruling from 623 until his death in 658.	Samo	658
date of death	Ernst Mayer (24 June 1796 -- 21 January 1844) was a German sculptor in the classical style.	Ernst Mayer	21 January 1844
date of death	Dashrath Manjhi (c. 1934 -- 17 August 2007), also known as ``Mountain Man'', was a poor labourer in Gehlaur village, near Gaya in Bihar, India, who carved a path 360 ft long, 30 ft wide and 25 ft high through a hillock using only a hammer and chisel.	Dashrath Manjhi	17 August 2007
date of death	Oliver Eaton Cromwell Jr. (1892--1987) was an American mountain climber who made many first ascents in the Canadian Rockies and was a member of the 1939 K2 expedition.	Oliver Eaton Cromwell	1987
date of death	William Suhr (born March 31, 1896 Kreutzberg - 2003) was an American art conservator, and conservator of the Frick Collection, from 1935 to 1977.	William Suhr	2003
date of death	John George Dodson, 1st Baron Monk Bretton PC (18 October 1825 -- 25 May 1897), known before 1884 as John George Dodson, was a British Liberal politician.	John George Dodson, 1st Baron Monk Bretton	25 May 1897
date of death	Leonor de La Guerra y Vega Ramírez (died 1816) was a heroine of the Venezuelan War of Independence.	Leonor de La Guerra	1816
date of death	Washington Shirley, 8th Earl Ferrers (13 November 1760 -- 2 October 1842), styled Hon. Washington Shirley from 1778 to 1827, was a British nobleman.	Washington Shirley, 8th Earl Ferrers	2 October 1842
date of death	James Buckley Stringer Davis, generally known as Stringer Davis (4 June 1899 -- 29 August 1973), was an English character actor on the stage and in films and a British army officer who served in both World Wars.	Stringer Davis	29 August 1973
date of death	Catherine Helen Spence (31 October 1825 -- 3 April 1910) was a Scottish-born Australian author, teacher, journalist, politician, leading suffragist, and Georgist.	Catherine Helen Spence	3 April 1910
date of death	Roy Suarez Garcia (1945--2003) AKA ``Chicano Roy'' was an American motorcycle builder and inventor.	Chicano Roy	2003
date of death	Iain McColl (27 January 1954 -- 4 July 2013) was a Scottish film and television actor, best known for his roles on British television series.	Iain McColl	4 July 2013
date of death	Erik Harry Stenqvist (25 December 1893 -- 9 December 1968) was a Swedish road racing cyclist.	Harry Stenqvist	9 December 1968
date of death	John Trilleck (died 20 November 1360) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford.	John Trilleck	20 November 1360
date of death	Simon Brome, Brown or Browne (died 1603), of St. Andrew's, Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician.	Simon Brome	1603
date of death	Yang Yin (楊愔) (511--560), courtesy name Zhunyan (遵彦), nickname Qinwang (秦王), was a high-level official of the Chinese dynasty Northern Qi.	Yang Yin	560
date of death	Peter dalle Carceri (Italian: Pietro dalle Carceri, died 1340) was a Triarch of Euboea and Baron of Arcadia.	Peter dalle Carceri	1340
date of death	Una Padel OBE (21 July 1956 -- 29 August 2006) was a British criminal-justice reformer, known for her work in penal reform.	Una Padel	29 August 2006
date of death	Salomon Mesdach (c.1600 -- 1632), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Salomon Mesdach	1632
date of death	Per Larssen (11 June 1881 -- 21 October 1947) was Norwegian Minister of Trade 1931-1932 in Kolstad's Cabinet.	Per Larssen	21 October 1947
date of death	Yunus Khan (c. 1416--1487) (Uyghur: يونس خان‎), was Khan of Moghulistan from 1462 until his death.	Yunus Khan	1487
date of death	Wen Jiao (溫嶠) (288--329), courtesy name Taizhen (太真), formally Duke Zhongwu of Shi'an (始安忠武公), was a renowned Jin Dynasty (265-420) general and governor.	Wen Jiao	329
date of death	Helmut Vetter (21 March 1910 - 2 February 1949) was an SS-Hauptsturmführer and a Nazi war criminal.	Helmut Vetter	2 February 1949
date of death	Victor Bernau (14 January 1890 -- 13 May 1939) was a Norwegian singer, actor and theatre director.	Victor Bernau	13 May 1939
date of death	Strachkvas (Kristián) (September 28, 929 or 935, Prague - 996, Prague) was a prince of Bohemia, son of Boleslav I and brother of Boleslav II, all members of the Přemyslid dynasty.	Strachkvas	996
date of death	Sir Thomas Percival Creed KBE MC KC (29 January 1897 -- 11 May 1969) was a lawyer and educationist.	Thomas Percival Creed	11 May 1969
date of death	Fu Yi (Chinese: 傅奕; pinyin: Fù Yì; Wade--Giles: Fu I; 554−639) was a Sui dynasty official who later became historiographer during the reign of Emperor Gaozu of the Tang dynasty.	Fu Yi	639
date of death	Friedrich Wilms (19 April 1848 Münster, Westphalia - 2 March 1919 Berlin-Steglitz), was a German apothecary, botanical collector and traveller.	Friedrich Wilms	2 March 1919
date of death	Jostein Nyhamar (23 September 1922 -- 30 July 1993) was a Norwegian magazine editor, biographer and politician for the Labour Party.	Jostein Nyhamar	30 July 1993
date of death	Alfred Dubucand (25 November 1828 -- 1894) was a French animalier sculptor of the 19th century.	Alfred Dubucand	1894
date of death	Declan Flynn was an Irish gay man attacked and killed in Fairview Park in Dublin on 9 September 1982.	Declan Flynn	9 September 1982
date of death	Joseph Cundall (22 September 1818 Norwich -- 10 January 1895 Wallington, London), was a Victorian English writer under the pseudonym of ``Stephen Percy'', a pioneer photographer and London publisher of children's books.	Joseph Cundall	10 January 1895
date of death	Robert Seymour Conway (1864 -- 1933) was a British classical scholar and comparative philologist.	Robert Seymour Conway	1933
date of death	Claude Lorrain (French: (klod lɔ.ʁɛ̃); born Claude Gellée (ʒəle), dit le Lorrain; traditionally just Claude in English; c. 1600 -- 23 November 1682) was a French painter, draughtsman and engraver of the Baroque era.	Claude Lorrain	23 November 1682
date of death	Jemima Yorke, 2nd Marchioness Grey and Countess of Hardwicke (9 October 1723 -- 10 January 1797) was a British peeress.	Jemima Yorke, 2nd Marchioness Grey	10 January 1797
date of death	Menzies Dickson (ca. 1840 -- 1891) was a photographer in Hawaii.	Menzies Dickson	1891
date of death	Wiktor Budzyński (Lithuanian: Viktoras Budzinskis), born March 7, 1888 in the village of Eustachow near Vilkaviškis, died 1976 in Puszczykowo near Poznań, was an ethnic Polish politician, active in the interbellum period in the Republic of Lithuania.	Wiktor Budzyński	1976
date of death	Augustus Daniel Imms FRS (14 August 1880, Moseley, Worcestershire -- 3 April 1949 Tipton St. John near Sidmouth, Devon) was an English educator, research institution administrator and entomologist.	Augustus Daniel Imms	3 April 1949
date of death	Ida Königsmarck (died 1450), was a Swedish noble and fief-holder, known for her legendary defense of Kastelholm Castle on Åland in Swedish Finland during the Engelbrekt rebellion in 1433.	Ida Königsmarck	1450
date of death	Edward Vason Jones (August 3, 1909 -- October 1, 1980), a neoclassical architect and member of the Georgia School of Classicism, began his career in 1936 with the design and construction of the Gillionville Plantation near his hometown of Albany, Georgia.	Edward Vason Jones	1980
date of death	Saints Rufus and Zosimus (died 107 AD) are 2nd century Christian martyrs venerated by the Roman Catholic and the Eastern Orthodox churches.	Rufus and Zosimus	107
date of death	Karoline Bjørnson (née Reimers, 1 December 1835 -- 27 June 1934) was a Norwegian actress.	Karoline Bjørnson	1934
date of death	Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein (Franz Josef Maria Aloys Alfred Karl Johannes Heinrich Michael Georg Ignaz Benediktus Gerhardus Majella; 16 August 1906 -- 13 November 1989) was the Sovereign Prince of Liechtenstein from 1938 until his death.	Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein	13 November 1989
date of death	Louis Masreliez (1748 -- 19 March 1810), born Adrien Louis Masreliez, was a Swedish painter and interior designer.	Louis Masreliez	19 March 1810
date of death	Ralph de Monthermer, 1st Baron Monthermer, Earl of Gloucester, Hertford and Atholl (c. 1270 - 5 April 1325) was an English nobleman.	Ralph de Monthermer, 1st Baron Monthermer	5 April 1325
date of death	Venerable Francesco Antonio Marcucci (27 November 1717 -- 12 July 1798) was a Roman Catholic Italian bishop and a member of the Secular Franciscan Order.	Francesco Antonio Marcucci	12 July 1798
date of death	Major General Sir Jeremiah Bryant CB (1783 - 10 June 1845) was a British Army officer in the Bengal Army.	Jeremiah Bryant	10 June 1845
date of death	Giuseppe Lucatelli (1751-1828) was an Italian painter and architect, active in a Neoclassical style.	Giuseppe Lucatelli	1828
date of death	Orazio Farinati (1559--1616) was a late Mannerist Italian painter.	Orazio Farinati	1616
date of death	Carlos Wiesse Portocarrero (1859--1945) was a Peruvian scholar and historian.	Carlos Wiesse Portocarrero	1945
date of death	Sir George Mellish (19 December 1814 -- 15 June 1877) was an English barrister, judge of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, and member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.	George Mellish	15 June 1877
date of death	Werner Zerweck (14 March 1899 in Munich -- 10 September 1965) was a German chemist, inventor and industrial leader, who served as CEO of the chemical and pharmaceutical company Cassella from 1953 to 1963.	Werner Zerweck	10 September 1965
date of death	George Skene (9 May 1749 -- 27 April 1825), of Skene, was a Scottish soldier and politician.	George Skene	27 April 1825
date of death	Lalit Chandra Nath (Assamese: ললিত চন্দ্ৰ নাথ) popularly known as Lalit Oja or Lalit Chandra Nath Oja (1923 - 21 October 2013) was a notable person from Assam.	Lalit Chandra Nath	21 October 2013
date of death	Maria Anna Fesemayr (sometimes spelled Fesemayer) (1743--1782) was a Salzburg court singer, who sang in Mozart's Die Schuldigkeit des ersten Gebots and created the role of Ninetta in his La finta semplice.	Maria Anna Fesemayr	1782
date of death	James Sadleir (c. 1815 -- 4 June 1881) was a member (MP) of the British House of Commons, chiefly notable for being one of the few members expelled by that body.	James Sadleir	1881
date of death	Ștefan Răzvan (died December 1595) was a Voivode (Prince) of Moldavia (between 24 April 1595 and August 1595) of Romani descent from the historical Romanian state of Wallachia.	Ștefan Răzvan	1595
date of death	Jan Gruter or Gruytère, Latinized as Janus Gruterus (3 December 1560 -- 20 September 1627), was a Flemish-born philologist, scholar, and librarian.	Jan Gruter	20 September 1627
date of death	Jovan Šević or Ivan Šević (Serbian: Јован Шевић, Russian: Иван Егорович Шевич; died c. 1764) was an 18th-century military officer of Serb origin.	Jovan Šević	1764
date of death	René Thirifays (8 October 1920--17 October 1986) was a Belgian football player who finished top scorer of the Belgian League with 26 goals in 1949 while playing for Sporting Charleroi.	René Thirifays	17 October 1986
date of death	Kusumavati Deshpande (Devanagari: कुसुमावती देशपांडे) (1904--1961) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Kusumavati Deshpande	1961
date of death	Diarmuid Mac Bruideadha (Brody), Irish poet, died 1563.	Diarmuid Mac Bruideadha	1563
date of death	Raymond Kirsch (18 January 1942 - 11 March 2013) was a Luxembourgian businessman, economist, and administrator.	Raymond Kirsch	11 March 2013
date of death	Sir Edward Hoare, 2nd Baronet (14 March 1745 - 30 April 1814) was an Anglo-Irish politician.	Sir Edward Hoare, 2nd Baronet	30 April 1814
date of death	Johan Nicolay Tønnessen (30 November 1901 -- 27 December 1987) was a Norwegian historian and schoolteacher.	Johan Nicolay Tønnessen	1987
date of death	Edgar Rickard (1874--1951) was a mining engineer and lifelong confidant of U.S. President Herbert Hoover.	Edgar Rickard	1951
date of death	Francesco De Masi (11 January 1930 -- 6 November 2005) was an Italian conductor and film score composer.	Francesco De Masi	6 November 2005
date of death	Johann Walter, also known as Johann Walther or Johannes Walter (original name: Johann Blankenmüller) (1496 -- 25 March 1570) was a Lutheran composer and poet during the Reformation period.	Johann Walter	25 March 1570
date of death	Maurice Webster (12 November 1899 -- February 1978) was an English international footballer, who played as a centre half.	Maurice Webster	1978
date of death	Thomas Prichard Rossiter (1818 -- 1871) was a 19th-century American artist known for his portraits and paintings of historical scenes.	Thomas Prichard Rossiter	1871
date of death	Aasa Helgesen born Aasa Røinesdal (11 February 1877 -- 29 April 1968) was a Norwegian midwife and politician.	Aasa Helgesen	1968
date of death	Lucio Quarantotto (1957 -- 31 July 2012) was an Italian songwriter best known for writing the lyrics for ``Con te partirò'' (``With you, I will leave''), to music composed by Francesco Sartori for Andrea Bocelli.	Lucio Quarantotto	31 July 2012
date of death	Will Stuckey (27 July 1873 -- 21 September 1928) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League.	Will Stuckey	21 September 1928
date of death	Warren Widener (1938-2013) was a former Mayor of Berkeley, California, and former member of the Alameda County Board of Supervisors.	Warren Widener	2013
date of death	(Alfred) Melville Cook (18 June 1912 -- 22 May 1993) was a British organist, conductor, composer and teacher.	Melville Cook	22 May 1993
date of death	Jean Bouillon (20 December 1926 Uccle, Belgium - 31 March 2009) was a Belgian marine biologist and expert on Hydrozoa.	Jean Bouillon	31 March 2009
date of death	Michele Ridolfi (Lucca 1795 -- Lucca, November 1, 1854) was an Italian painter and art critic.	Michele Ridolfi	1854
date of death	Marguerite Macé-Montrouge (born Victoire Macé on 24 March 1836, died 26 November 1898 in Paris), became a professional actress at the age of 14, and was an early member of Offenbach's troupe, before enjoying a long stage career in Paris and elsewhere.	Marguerite Macé-Montrouge	1898
date of death	Nathaniel Ryder, 1st Baron Harrowby (3 July 1735 -- 20 June 1803) was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	Nathaniel Ryder, 1st Baron Harrowby	20 June 1803
date of death	Jackie Leven (18 June 1950 -- 14 November 2011) was a Scottish songwriter and folk musician.	Jackie Leven	14 November 2011
date of death	Samuel Mullen (27 November 1828 -- 29 May 1890) was an Irish-born bookseller, active in Australia.	Samuel Mullen	29 May 1890
date of death	Ludwig Lorenz von Liburnau (26 August 1856, Fiume - 9 December 1943, St. Gilgen) was an Austrian zoologist.	Ludwig Lorenz von Liburnau	9 December 1943
date of death	Nevdür Hanımefendi (c. 1861 - c. 1927, birth name Şadiye Nakaşvili, other names Nevdürr, Nev-Dürr ,Noder) was the wife of Sultan Murad V of the Ottoman Empire.	Nevdür Hanımefendi	1927
date of death	Waruhiu Itote (1922 -- 30 April 1993) also known as General China, was one of the key leaders of the Mau Mau rebellion alongside Dedan Kimathi, Stanley Mathenge and Musa Mwariama.	Waruhiu Itote	30 April 1993
date of death	Lord Robert William Brian McConnell, Baron McConnell (25 November 1922 -- 25 October 2000) was an Ulster Unionist MP in the Northern Ireland House of Commons.	Brian McConnell, Baron McConnell	25 October 2000
date of death	Christian Ignatius Borissow (4 April 1788 - 2 November 1867) was an expert on commerce and a teacher of languages with Finnish roots who immigrated to Great Britain before 1819.	Christian Ignatius Borissow	2 November 1867
date of death	Sir Frederick Arthur Whitaker KCB, DEng (17 July 1893 -- 13 June 1968) was a British civil engineer.	Frederick Arthur Whitaker	13 June 1968
date of death	Vojislav Korać (1924--2010) was a Yugoslav and Serbian historian on architecture, academic and professor.	Vojislav Korać	2010
date of death	Hermine Freed (May 29, 1940 New York City -- November 21, 1998 New York City) was an American painter and video artist.	Hermine Freed	1998
date of death	Frans Molenaar (Dutch pronunciation: (frɑns ˈmoːləˌnaːr); 11 May 1940 -- 9 January 2015) was a Dutch fashion designer.	Frans Molenaar	9 January 2015
date of death	Empress Dowager Ding (丁太后, personal name unknown) (died 402), formally Empress Xianyou (獻幽皇后, literally ``the wise and lonely empress'') was an empress dowager of the Chinese/Xianbei state Later Yan.	Empress Dowager Ding	402
date of death	Robert Mallet, FRS, MRIA (3 June 1810 -- 5 November 1881), Irish geophysicist, civil engineer, and inventor who distinguished himself in research on earthquakes and is sometimes called the father of seismology.	Robert Mallet	5 November 1881
date of death	Isaac Newton Phelps (1802--1888) was a New York dry goods merchant who, after retiring in 1853, took up a second career in banking, brokerage and property.	Isaac Newton Phelps	1888
date of death	Wilhelm von Kobell (6 April 1766 -- 15 July 1853) was a German artist, a painter, printmaker and teacher.	Wilhelm von Kobell	15 July 1853
date of death	John Alan Coey (12 November 1950 -- 19 July 1975) was an American soldier who served in the Rhodesian Army as one of ``the Crippled Eagles'', a loosely organised group of US expatriates fighting for the unrecognised government of Rhodesia (today Zimbabwe) during that country's Bush War.	John Alan Coey	19 July 1975
date of death	Saint Vicelinus (also Vicelin, German: Vizelin; 1086 -- December 12, 1154) was a German bishop of Oldenburg in Holstein who was considered the apostle of Holstein.	Vicelinus	1154
date of death	José Yacopi (Victoria, Spain, 28 December 1916--San Fernando, Argentina, 11 August 2006) was a Spanish, and later Argentinian luthier.	José Yacopi	11 August 2006
date of death	Wout Buitenweg (24 December 1893 -- 10 November 1976) was a Dutch football player scored 14 goals in 11 games for the Dutch national side.	Wout Buitenweg	10 November 1976
date of death	Sir Francis Foljambe, 1st Baronet (died 1640) was Member of Parliament for Pontefract in 1626 and High Sheriff of Derbyshire in 1633.	Sir Francis Foljambe, 1st Baronet	1640
date of death	Emilio Fagot (2 February 1883 - 28 January 1946) was a Puerto Rican politician and Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico from 1929 to 1933.	Emilio Fagot	28 January 1946
date of death	Johann Heinrich Gossler (born 28 March 1775, died 3 April 1842) was a Hamburg banker and grand burgher, a member of the Berenberg-Gossler-Seyler banking dynasty, a co-owner (from 1798) of the Berenberg Bank and a senator of Hamburg from 1821.	Johann Heinrich Gossler	3 April 1842
date of death	Setske de Haan (24 November 1889 -- 31 October 1948), better known by her pen name Cissy van Marxveldt, was a Dutch writer of children's books.	Cissy van Marxveldt	31 October 1948
date of death	Cvjetko Popović (1896 -- 9 June 1980) was a Bosnian Serb who was involved in the 1914 assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.	Cvjetko Popović	9 June 1980
date of death	James William Wallack (c. 1794--1864) was an Anglo-American actor and manager, born in London, and brother of Henry John Wallack.	James William Wallack	1864
date of death	Daniel Kabiljo (6 March 1894, Sarajevo -- 1944, Jasenovac concentration camp) was a Yugoslav Jews Sephardi artist.	Daniel Kabiljo	1944
date of death	Air Chief Commandant Dame Katherine Jane Trefusis Forbes, Lady Watson-Watt, DBE (21 March 1899 -- 18 June 1971), known as Jane Trefusis Forbes, was a businesswoman and the first director of the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (1939--43).	Jane Trefusis Forbes	18 June 1971
date of death	Benoni Danks (ca 1716 -- 1776) was a New England Ranger and political figure in Nova Scotia, and representative of Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1765 to 1770.	Benoni Danks	1776
date of death	Carl Rønneberg (10 August 1779 -- 29 January 1858) was a Norwegian merchant, ship owner and fish exporter.	Carl Rønneberg	29 January 1858
date of death	Colonel Philip Pieterse Schuyler (1628-1683) was born in Amsterdam, Holland in the Republic of the Seven United Provinces, in 1628 as the son of Pieter Tjercks and Geertruyt Philips Van Schuylder.	Philip Pieterse Schuyler	1683
date of death	Anthony Barnewall (1721--1739), was an officer in the Austrian army.	Anthony Barnewall	1739
date of death	Jack Bridger Chalker (10 October 1918 -- 15 November 2014), was a British artist and teacher best known for his work recording the lives of the prisoners of war building the Burma Railway during World War Two.	Jack Bridger Chalker	15 November 2014
date of death	Karl Gottlieb Guichard (1724--1775) also known as Quintus Icilius, was a soldier and military writer.	Karl Gottlieb Guichard	1775
date of death	Thomas Gee (24 January 1815 - 28 September 1898), was a Welsh Nonconformist preacher, journalist and publisher.	Thomas Gee	28 September 1898
date of death	Friedrich August Rudolph Kolenati (12 September 1812 -- 17 July 1864) was a Czech-German botanist and zoologist active primarily in Prague and Brno.	Friedrich August Rudolph Kolenati	17 July 1864
date of death	Harold Douglas Ursell (1907--1969) was an English mathematician who is best known for Ursell function.	Harold Douglas Ursell	1969
date of death	Mary Rae Knowling (21 October 1923 --31 January 2013) was a South African medical doctor, Anglican and philanthropist.	Mary Rae Knowling	31 January 2013
date of death	Rear-Admiral Charles Steevens (ca. 1705 - 20 May 1761) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander-in-Chief of the East Indies Station.	Charles Steevens	20 May 1761
date of death	Swaroop Kishen Reu (13 July 1930 -- 21 November 1992) was an Indian Test cricket umpire.	Swaroop Kishen	21 November 1992
date of death	Theodosius Forrest (1728 -- 1784) was an English author, balladeer, playwright and lawyer.	Theodosius Forrest	1784
date of death	Jean Negulesco (born Ioan Negulescu; 29 February 1900 (O. S.) -- 18 July 1993) was a Romanian-American film director and screenwriter.	Jean Negulesco	18 July 1993
date of death	Richard Bowyer Smith (2 September 1837 in London, England -- 4 February 1919 in Subiaco, Western Australia) was an Australian inventor.	Richard Bowyer Smith	1919
date of death	Thomas Gleadowe-Newcomen, 2nd Viscount Newcomen (18 September 1776 -- 15 January 1825), known as The Honourable Sir Thomas Gleadowe-Newcomen, Bt, between 1807 and 1817, was an Irish politician.	Thomas Gleadowe-Newcomen, 2nd Viscount Newcomen	15 January 1825
date of death	Adalbert Zuckschwerdt (1 January 1874 -- 1 July 1945) was captain (Korvettenkapitän) of the German raider SMS Cormoran, which sailed from the German colony of Tsingtao (Qingdao today), China, until she finally docked was and interned at Guam by the Americans.	Adalbert Zuckschwerdt	1 July 1945
date of death	Vaithamanithi Mudumbai Kothainayaki Ammal (1 December 1901 -- 20 February 1960) was a Tamil writer, novelist and journalist who is remembered as the first woman to occupy the editorial board of a Tamil magazine.	Kothainayaki Ammal	20 February 1960
date of death	Sydney Thompson Dobell (5 April 1824 -- 22 August 1874) was an English poet and critic, and a member of the so-called Spasmodic school.	Sydney Thompson Dobell	22 August 1874
date of death	Barbarina Brand, Lady Dacre (née Ogle; 1768--1854), was an English poet, playwright, and translator.	Barbarina Brand	1854
date of death	Sir Muthu Coomaraswamy (Tamil: முத்து குமாரசுவாமி; 23 January 1834 -- 4 May 1879) was a Ceylon Tamil lawyer, writer and member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon.	Muthu Coomaraswamy	4 May 1879
date of death	Gunnar Emil Garfors (1900 - 1979) was a Norwegian poet from Ankenes near Narvik, but born in Skjomen.	Gunnar Emil Garfors	1979
date of death	Giancarlo Bigazzi (5 September 1940 -- 19 January 2012) was an Italian music producer and composer.	Giancarlo Bigazzi	19 January 2012
date of death	George Cadbury (19 September 1839 -- 24 October 1922) was the third son of John Cadbury, a Quaker who founded Cadbury's cocoa and chocolate company.	George Cadbury	24 October 1922
date of death	Abdul Qavi Desnavi (Urdu: عبدالقوى دسنوى, 1 November 1930 -- 7 July 2011‎) was an Indian Urdu language writer, critic, bibliographer, and linguist.	Abdul Qavi Desnavi	7 July 2011
date of death	Sir Thomas Cookes, 2nd Baronet (bap. 1648 -- 8 June 1701), benefactor of Worcester College, Oxford, was the eldest son of Sir William Cookes, 1st Baronet, of Norgrove Court, Worcestershire, and his second wife, Mercy, née Dinely.	Sir Thomas Cookes, 2nd Baronet	8 June 1701
date of death	Thomas Beccon or Becon (c. 1511--1567) was an English cleric and Protestant reformer from Norfolk.	Thomas Beccon	1567
date of death	Sir Roger Martin, 1st Baronet (c. 1639 - 8 July 1712) was son of Richard Martin and Jane, daughter of Sir Henry Bedingfield of Oxborough.	Sir Roger Martin, 1st Baronet	8 July 1712
date of death	Robert McQueen, Lord Braxfield (4 May 1722 -- 30 May 1799) was a Scottish advocate and judge.	Robert McQueen, Lord Braxfield	30 May 1799
date of death	Giovanni Spoldi (died 1904) was an Italian painter, active mainly in the Veneto, painting vedute of marine scenes.	Giovanni Spoldi	1904
date of death	Pietro Cavallini (1259 -- c. 1330) was an Italian painter and mosaic designer working during the late Middle Ages.	Pietro Cavallini	1330
date of death	Hsien Wu (吳憲, Simplified Chinese 吴宪 and Hanyu Pinyin Wú Xiàn; 24 November 1893 - 8 August 1959) was a Chinese protein scientist.	Hsien Wu	8 August 1959
date of death	Harold Baer Sr. (1905 - 1987) was a long-serving New York Supreme Court justice.	Harold Baer	1987
date of death	Commander Frank Gilbert Hackforth-Jones R.N. (1900--1982) was a British author of the mid 20th century.	Gilbert Hackforth-Jones	1982
date of death	Sam Brody (1907 - 1987) was a founding member of the Workers Film and Photo League, an independent organization founded in 1931 to produced and present films documenting the Great Depression from a Marxist perspective.	Sam Brody	1987
date of death	William Welwod (1578--1622) was a Scottish jurist who was the first to formulate the laws of the sea in an insular Germanic language.	William Welwod	1622
date of death	Guido Dessauer (7 November 1915 -- 13 January 2012) was a German physicist, specialized in paper engineering, a business executive, writer, art collector, patron of arts, and academic.	Guido Dessauer	13 January 2012
date of death	Charles Gauthier (7 December 1831 -- 5 January 1891) was a French sculptor who was made a Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur in 1872.	Charles Gauthier	5 January 1891
date of death	Lin Qiaozhi (Chinese: 林巧稚; pinyin: Lín Qiǎozhì; Dec. 23, 1901 -- Apr. 22, 1983) was a Chinese physician, born in Gulangyu on December 23, 1901.	Lin Qiaozhi	1983
date of death	Heilwige Bloemardinne (1265? -- 23 August 1335) was a Christian mystic who lived in Brussels and was loosely associated with the Brethren of the Free Spirit.	Heilwige Bloemardinne	23 August 1335
date of death	Antoine Bournonville (19 May 1760 -- 11 January 1843) was a French ballet dancer, actor, singer and a choreographer, active in the Royal Swedish Ballet and the Royal Danish Ballet and eventually ballet master in the latter.	Antoine Bournonville	11 January 1843
date of death	Derry Hayes (c. 1928 -- March 2005) was an Irish sportsperson who played hurling with the Cork senior inter-county team in the 1950s.	Derry Hayes	2005
date of death	Albert Blan (born 13 January 1930 in Wigan, Lancashire, died 27 September 2015) was an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s, '50s and '60s playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Wigan 'A' and Swinton.	Albert Blan	27 September 2015
date of death	Pope Stephen VI (Latin: Stephanus VI; died August 897) was Pope from 22 May 896 to his death in 897.	Pope Stephen VI	August 897
date of death	Saint Begu (died 31 October 690) was a nun and later became a saint from Hackness, Yorkshire (Deira).	Begu	31 October 690
date of death	Cao Mao (241--260), courtesy name Yanshi, was the fourth emperor of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.	Cao Mao	260
date of death	Douglas Clyde Macintosh (1877--1948) was a theologian who did his graduate work at the University of Chicago and then joined Yale in 1909, becoming an assistant professor of systematic theology.	Douglas Clyde Macintosh	1948
date of death	Sir John Charles Fenton (5 May 1880 -- 3 January 1951) was a Scottish lawyer.	John Charles Fenton	3 January 1951
date of death	Trajko Prokopiev (Macedonian: Трајко Прокопиев; Kumanovo, Ottoman Empire, 6 November 1909 - Belgrade, Yugoslavia, 21 January 1979) was a Macedonian composer.	Trajko Prokopiev	1979
date of death	George Henry Stokes (22 June 1876 -- 19 April 1959) was a National Government and Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	George Henry Stokes	19 April 1959
date of death	John Corvinus (Hungarian: Corvin János, Croatian: Ivaniš Korvin; 2 April 1473 -- 12 October 1504) King of Bosnia (1495--1499).	John Corvinus	12 October 1504
date of death	Slobodan Princip (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Принцип; May 25, 1914 -- May, 1942), nicknamed Seljo (Сељо), was a Yugoslav Partisan fighter and the district staff chief of Partisan Sarajevo Oblast during World War II. He was posthumously awarded the Hero of Yugoslavia.	Slobodan Princip	1942
date of death	Prince Sisowath Ritharavong (born on February 6, 1935 -- 1975) was the father of Prince Sisowath Sararith, son of Prince Sisowath Sisura (line of Prince Sisowath Essaravong).	Sisowath Ritharavong	1975
date of death	Lilly Reich (16 June 1885--14 December 1947) was a German modernist designer.	Lilly Reich	14 December 1947
date of death	Ralph Henry Carless Davis (7 October 1918 in Oxford -- 12 March 1991 in Oxford), always known publicly as R. H. C. Davis, was a British historian and educator specialising in the European Middle Ages.	Ralph Henry Carless Davis	12 March 1991
date of death	Nasim Amrohvi or Naseem Amrohvi (1908--1987) Urdu:نسیم امروہوی, was an Urdu poet, philosopher, and lexicographer who was born as Syed Qaim Raza Taqvi on 24 August 1908 in Amroha, India.	Nasim Amrohvi	1987
date of death	Milton Lazarus (born in 1898 or 1899 - died March 1, 1955) was an American playwright and screenwriter.	Milton Lazarus	1955
date of death	Franz Johannsen (May 4, 1921 -- 2006) was a German sprint canoer who in the 1950s.	Franz Johannsen	2006
date of death	Professor James Halloran (died 16 May 2007) was a British communication scholar known for his contribution for the establishment of the field of media studies in the United Kingdom.	James Halloran	16 May 2007
date of death	Gebhard Moltke (20 February 1764 -- 20 December 1851) was a Danish nobleman and civil servant.	Gebhard Moltke	20 December 1851
date of death	Sir (Harry) Vincent Lloyd-Jones (16 October 1901 -- 23 September 1986) was a Welsh barrister who later became a judge of the High Court.	Vincent Lloyd-Jones	23 September 1986
date of death	Eugenie Duggan (1872 -- 2 November 1936) was a popular Australian stage actress.	Eugenie Duggan	1936
date of death	Georg Sigl (13 January 1811, Breitenfurt bei Wien - 9 May 1887, Vienna) was an Austrian mechanical engineer and entrepreneur.	Georg Sigl	9 May 1887
date of death	Patricia Schartle Myrer (1923--2010) was an editor, literary agent and publishing executive based in New York City.	Patricia Schartle Myrer	2010
date of death	Isaac Arthur Pereyre (1863-1934) was a Jewish activist in Bayonne (in Southern France), and a commandant in the French army.	Arthur Pereyre	1934
date of death	Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 8th Baronet (7 March 1745 -- 11 February 1810) was born in Cambrai, the third son of Sir Edward Gascoigne, 6th Baronet and a member of the Gascoigne family.	Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 8th Baronet	11 February 1810
date of death	Giuseppe Bertoloni (16 September 1804 in Sarzana -- 19 December 1874 in Bologna) was an Italian botanist and entomologist.	Giuseppe Bertoloni	1874
date of death	William Byron, 4th Baron Byron (4 January 1669/70 -- 8 August 1736) was Gentleman of the Bedchamber to Prince George of Denmark.	William Byron, 4th Baron Byron	8 August 1736
date of death	Richard Hayley Lever (28 September 1875 -- 6 December 1958) was an Australian-American painter, etcher, lecturer and art teacher.	Hayley Lever	6 December 1958
date of death	Scrope Berdmore D.D. (1708--1770) was an English clergyman.	Scrope Berdmore	1770
developer	Icewind Dale II is a role-playing video game developed by Black Isle Studios and published by Interplay Entertainment, released on August 27, 2002.	Icewind Dale II	Black Isle Studios
developer	Might and Magic IX is a role-playing video game, the last developed by New World Computing for Microsoft Windows and released in 2002 by the 3DO Company.	Might and Magic IX	New World Computing
developer	World of Goo is a puzzle video game developed and published by independent game developer 2D Boy.	World of Goo	2D Boy
developer	Track & Field II (known in Japan as Konamik Sports in Seoul) is a sequel to Track & Field created by Konami for the NES in 1988.	Track & Field II	Konami
developer	The Multidimensional Personality Questionnaire (MPQ) is a personality test meant to measure normal personality developed by Auke Tellegen in 1982.	Multidimensional Personality Questionnaire	Auke Tellegen
developer	Death by Degrees is an action-adventure game by Namco.	Death by Degrees	Namco
developer	Amped 3 is a snowboarding game, the third installment of the Amped sports game franchise, developed by Indie Built/2K Sports and released on November 22, 2005.	Amped 3	Indie Built
developer	Super Monaco GP (スーパーモナコGP) is a Formula One racing simulation video game released by Sega, originally as a Sega X Board arcade game in 1989, followed by ports for multiple video game consoles and home computers in the early 1990s.	Super Monaco GP	Sega
developer	Killing Floor 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by Tripwire Interactive.	Killing Floor 2	Tripwire Interactive
developer	Dirt Track Racing 2 (DTR2) is a video game by the now defunct Ratbag Games.	Dirt Track Racing 2	Ratbag Games
developer	Sub-Terrania is a multidirectional shooter developed by Zyrinx and published by Scavenger, Inc..	Sub-Terrania	Zyrinx
developer	Coincident with that, the PhoneGap code was contributed to the Apache Software Foundation to start a new project called Apache Cordova.	Apache Cordova	Apache Software Foundation
developer	Bang Attack is a video game for WiiWare developed by Netherlands-based Engine Software.	Bang Attack	Engine Software
developer	Witchaven is a fantasy first-person shooter video game with action role-playing game elements, developed by Capstone Software and published by Intracorp Entertainment in 1995.	Witchaven	Capstone Software
developer	The Adreno series of graphics processing units (GPUs) are semiconductor intellectual property cores developed by Qualcomm and used in a variety of their SoCs.	Adreno	Qualcomm
developer	Rampage Puzzle Attack is a puzzle game for Game Boy Advance, developed by Finnish development house Ninai Games and published by Midway Games.	Rampage Puzzle Attack	Ninai Games
developer	Mobile Forces is a first-person shooter computer game developed by Rage Software and published by Majesco using the first generation of the Unreal Engine.	Mobile Forces	Rage Software
developer	The Bible Game is a Christian-themed party game developed by Crave Entertainment.	The Bible Game	Crave Entertainment
developer	H2Overdrive is a powerboat arcade racing game developed by Specular Interactive and released in 2009 by Raw Thrills.	H2Overdrive	Specular Interactive
developer	Wonder World Amusement Park is a video game for seventh generation consoles developed by Coyote Console and published by Majesco Entertainment.	Wonder World Amusement Park	Majesco Entertainment
developer	Army Attack is a social networking strategy video game developed by Digital Chocolate.	Army Attack	Digital Chocolate
developer	A-10 Attack! is a combat flight simulator for the Apple Macintosh computer released by Parsoft Interactive in 1995.	A-10 Attack!	Parsoft Interactive
developer	X-Plane Airliner is a game for the iOS and WebOS developed and published by Laminar Research.	X-Plane Airliner	Laminar Research
developer	Total Annihilation is a real-time strategy video game created by Cavedog Entertainment, a sub-division of Humongous Entertainment, and released on September 30, 1997 by GT Interactive for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS. It was the first real-time strategy game to feature 3D units and terrain.	Total Annihilation	Cavedog Entertainment
developer	Football Manager is a series of football management simulation games developed by Sports Interactive and published by Sega.	Football Manager	Sports Interactive
developer	Spyglass Board Games is a video game developed by independent software developers Freeverse Software and Strange Flavour for the Xbox 360's Xbox Live Arcade service.	Spyglass Board Games	Strange Flavour
developer	Word Rescue is an educational platform game written by Karen Crowther (Chun) of Redwood Games and released by Apogee Software in March, 1992.	Word Rescue	Redwood Games
developer	Flimbo's Quest is a 2D platform game published by British publishing house System 3 (later renamed to Studio 3 Interactive) for the Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari ST and Amstrad CPC.	Flimbo's Quest	System 3
developer	Jump Raven was the second game released by Cyberflix, in 1994.	Jump Raven	Cyberflix
developer	Voice Fantasy is a 2010 action game developed and published by Square Enix and released for the Apple iOS platforms.	Voice Fantasy	Square Enix
developer	Game of Thrones Ascent is a strategy video game developed by Disruptor Beam for iPad, Facebook, Kongregate.	Game of Thrones Ascent	Disruptor Beam
developer	Under Defeat is a shoot 'em up arcade game by G.rev.	Under Defeat	G.rev
developer	Amazing Tater (known in Japan as Puzzle Boy II (パズルボーイII)) is a puzzle video game for the Game Boy from Atlus.	Amazing Tater	Atlus
developer	Machines at War is a real-time strategy video game developed by Isotope 244.	Machines at War	Isotope 244
developer	KnightShift, also known as Polanie II and Once Upon a Knight, is a real-time strategy and role-playing video game hybrid developed by Reality Pump Studios and released by Topware Interactive for the PC Windows and OS X in 2003.	KnightShift	Reality Pump Studios
developer	Simon the Sorcerer is an adventure game that was released by Adventure Soft on 2 January 1993 for Amiga and DOS formats.	Simon the Sorcerer	Adventure Soft
developer	Heart of China is a 1991 adventure game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra On-line.	Heart of China	Dynamix
developer	The CMU Pronouncing Dictionary (also known as CMUdict) is an open source pronouncing dictionary originally created by the Speech Group at Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) for use in speech recognition research.	CMU Pronouncing Dictionary	Carnegie Mellon University
developer	Winning Post 7 Maximum 2008 (ウイニングポスト7 マキシマム2008) is a multiplatform horse racing simulator published by Koei for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Wii and Microsoft Windows It was released only in Japan on March 13, 2008.	Winning Post 7 Maximum 2008	Koei
developer	Twin Cobra, released in Japan as Kyukyoku Tiger (究極タイガー Kyūkyoku Taigā), is a 1987 helicopter-themed shoot 'em up arcade game developed by Toaplan.	Twin Cobra	Toaplan
director	Jonathan of the Night is a 1987 short horror film written, produced and directed by Buddy Giovinazzo.	Jonathan of the Night	Buddy Giovinazzo
director	Fuori uno sotto un altro... arriva il passatore (internationally released as Holy God, Here Comes the Passatore!, God Help Us, Here Comes the Passatore! and Holy God, It's the Passatore) is a 1973 Italian adventure-comedy film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo.	Holy God, Here Comes the Passatore!	Giuliano Carnimeo
director	The Flanagan Boy (released in the United States as Bad Blonde) is a 1953 British film noir directed by Reginald Le Borg.	The Flanagan Boy	Reginald Le Borg
director	Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi (English: Sometimes in love) is a 1999 bollywood, romantic comedy, directed by Raj Kaushal.	Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi	Raj Kaushal
director	A Silent Witness is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett.	A Silent Witness	Franklyn Barrett
director	The Party Animal is a movie written and directed by David Beaird.	The Party Animal	David Beaird
director	Toolbox Murders is a 2004 horror film directed by Tobe Hooper, and written by Jace Anderson and Adam Gierasch.	Toolbox Murders	Tobe Hooper
director	Army of Lovers or Revolt of the Perverts (German: Armee der Liebenden oder Aufstand der Perverse) is a 1979 German documentary film directed by Rosa von Praunheim.	Army of Lovers or Revolt of the Perverts	Rosa von Praunheim
director	The live action film of Circuit no Ōkami, directed by Kazuhiko Yamaguchi, was released in Japan on August 6, 1977.	Circuit no Ōkami	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
director	Sandamarutham is an 2015 Tamil action thriller film directed by A. Venkatesh which has Sarath Kumar in dual lead roles who also written the story of the film.	Sandamarutham	A. Venkatesh
director	Showdown at the Cotton Mill (Chinese title: 胡惠乾血戰西幝寺; Mandarin: Hu Hui Chien xie zhan xi chan si), also released as Cold Face, Heart and Blood, is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Wu Ma.	Showdown at the Cotton Mill	Wu Ma
director	Naked Fury is a 1959 British crime thriller directed by Charles Saunders.	Naked Fury	Charles Saunders
director	L'assistente sociale tutto pepe (The all pepper social worker), also known as L'assistente sociale tutta pepe e tutta sale, is a 1981 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Nando Cicero.	L'assistente sociale tutto pepe	Nando Cicero
director	Fashions in Love is a 1929 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Hermann Bahr, Melville Baker, Richard H. Digges Jr. and Louise Long.	Fashions in Love	Victor Schertzinger
director	Miyar House (Kannada: ಮಿಯಾರು ಮನೆ), is a Kannada language feature film in the documentary genre directed and produced by the Mumbai-based director Ramchandra P. N..	Miyar House	Ramchandra P. N.
director	Three Tough Guys (also known as Tough Guys) is a 1974 crime-action film directed by Duccio Tessari.	Three Tough Guys	Duccio Tessari
director	Badle Ki Aag (English: Flames of Revenge, Hindi: बदले की आग;) is a 1982 Bollywood Action film produced & directed by Rajkumar Kohli on Shankar Movies banner.	Badle Ki Aag	Rajkumar Kohli
director	The Ghost City is a 1923 American Western film serial directed by Jay Marchant.	The Ghost City	Jay Marchant
director	Vasantha Raagam is a Tamil film, released in 1986 directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar.	Vasantha Raagam	S. A. Chandrasekhar
director	Himapatha (Kannada: ಹಿಮಪಾತ) is a 1995 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu and produced by Rockline Venkatesh.	Himapatha	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	Meghamalhar is a 2001 Malayalam-language musical romance film directed and scripted by Kamal.	Meghamalhar	Kamal
director	Trench Road (Finnish: Juoksuhaudantie) is a 2004 Finnish drama film directed by Veikko Aaltonen.	Trench Road	Veikko Aaltonen
director	Heer Raanjha (Hindi: हीर रांझा, Punjabi: ਹੀਰ ਰਾਂਝਾ, Urdu: ہیر رانجھا‎) is a 1970 Hindi film, produced by son Ketan Anand and directed by father Chetan Anand.	Heer Raanjha	Chetan Anand
director	Thunderbird 6 is a 1968 British science-fiction adventure film written by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson, directed by David Lane and produced by Century 21 Cinema.	Thunderbird 6	David Lane
director	Miss You Can Do It is a documentary film that follows contestants of the Miss You Can Do It Pageant, produced and directed by Ron Davis.	Miss You Can Do It	Ron Davis
director	A Esperança Está Onde Menos Se Espera is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by Joaquim Leitão.	A Esperança Está Onde Menos Se Espera	Joaquim Leitão
director	The Pendulum, the Pit and Hope (Czech: Kyvadlo, jáma a naděje) is a 1983 Czechoslovak animated short film directed by Jan Švankmajer, adapted from Edgar Allan Poe's story ``The Pit and the Pendulum'' and Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam's story ``A Torture by Hope''.	The Pendulum, the Pit and Hope	Jan Švankmajer
director	Tarzan's Greatest Adventure is a 1959 adventure film directed by John Guillermin, produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin, and written by Les Crutchfield, based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.	Tarzan's Greatest Adventure	John Guillermin
director	Day by Day, Desperately (Italian: Giorno per giorno disperatamente) is a 1961 Italian drama film written and directed by Alfredo Giannetti.	Day by Day, Desperately	Alfredo Giannetti
director	The Wizard of Baghdad is a 1961 American comedy/fantasy film directed by George Sherman.	The Wizard of Baghdad	George Sherman
director	Just a Matter of Duty (German: Die Denunziantin) is a 1993 German drama film directed by Thomas Mitscherlich.	Just a Matter of Duty	Thomas Mitscherlich
director	Ghosts on the Loose is a 1943 American film and the fourteenth film in the East Side Kids series, directed by William Beaudine.	Ghosts on the Loose	William Beaudine
director	Non è vero... ma ci credo is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Grieco.	Non è vero... ma ci credo	Sergio Grieco
director	Yale vs. Harvard is a 1927 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	Yale vs. Harvard	Robert F. McGowan
director	The first aviation film was the William J. Humphrey-directed two-reeler, The Military Air-Scout, in 1911.	The Military Air-Scout	William J. Humphrey
director	Un Pecado Por Mes (English: One sin per month) is a 1949 Argentine comedy film directed by Mario C. Lugones and written by Julio Porter.	Un Pecado Por Mes	Mario C. Lugones
director	Scream for Help is a 1984 film directed by Michael Winner from an original screenplay by Tom Holland.	Scream for Help	Michael Winner
director	Kulin Kanta is Indian cinema's 1925 crime thriller silent film directed by Homi Master.	Kulin Kanta	Homi Master
director	Voulez-vous coucher avec God? is a 1972 Canadian experimental film directed by Jack Christie and Michael Hirsh.	Voulez-vous coucher avec God?	Michael Hirsh
director	Hell's Island is a 1955 American color film noir starring John Payne and directed by Phil Karlson.	Hell's Island	Phil Karlson
director	Bronco Bullfrog is a 1969 British black-and-white film directed by Barney Platts-Mills.	Bronco Bullfrog	Barney Platts-Mills
director	Deivapiravi (English: Noble Soul) is a 1960 Indian Tamil film, directed by Krishnan-Panju.	Deivapiravi	Krishnan-Panju
director	The Wilby Conspiracy is a 1975 thriller film directed by Ralph Nelson and filmed in Kenya.	The Wilby Conspiracy	Ralph Nelson
director	Air Mata Mengalir di Tjitarum ((aiˈr maˈta meŋˈalɪr di tʃiˈtarum); Perfected Spelling: Air Mata Mengalir di Citarum; Indonesian for Tears Flow in Citarum) is a 1949 film from what is now Indonesia, written and directed by Roestam Sutan Palindih for the Tan & Wong Bros Film Company.	Air Mata Mengalir di Tjitarum	Roestam Sutan Palindih
director	Dr. Vidya (Hindi: डॉक्टर विद्या) is a 1962 Hindi Black-and-white Romantic family film written by Mohan Segal and directed by Rajendra Bhatia.	Dr. Vidya	Rajendra Bhatia
director	The Prince and the Dancer (German:Der Prinz und die Tänzerin) is a 1926 German silent film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Willy Fritsch and Hans Albers.	The Prince and the Dancer	Richard Eichberg
director	The Prince of Pilsen is a lost 1926 silent film comedy-romance directed by Paul Powell and starring Anita Stewart.	The Prince of Pilsen	Paul Powell
director	The Old Maid's Valentine is a 1900 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, which features the titular Miss Pimple receiving an unpleasant surprise on 14 February.	The Old Maid's Valentine	George Albert Smith
director	Amar Akbar Anthony is a 1977 Indian action comedy film produced and directed by Manmohan Desai.	Amar Akbar Anthony	Manmohan Desai
director	How Dark the Nights Are on the Black Sea (Russian: В городе Сочи тёмные ночи, translit. V gorode Sochi tyomnye nochi, lit. In Sochi the nights are dark) is a 1989 Soviet comedy film directed by Vasili Pichul.	How Dark the Nights Are on the Black Sea	Vasili Pichul
director	Feeling from Mountain and Water (Chinese: 山水情; Pinyin: shān shuǐ qíng) is a Chinese animated short film produced by Shanghai Animation Film Studio under the master animator Te Wei.	Feeling from Mountain and Water	Te Wei
director	Spring Break '83 is a Mars Callahan and Scott Spiegel--directed comedy.	Spring Break '83	Mars Callahan	Scott Spiegel
director	Old Man Drinking a Glass of Beer (AKA: Comic Faces) is a 1897 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring a man drinking a glass of beer whose face and hands become increasingly lively as a result.	Old Man Drinking a Glass of Beer	George Albert Smith
director	Mamma Ebe (Mother Ebe) is a 1985 courtroom drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani.	Mamma Ebe	Carlo Lizzani
director	Oru Naal Varum (Malayalam: ഒരു നാൾ വരും; English: A day will come) is a 2010 Malayalam satirical film produced by Maniyanpilla Raju and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar.	Oru Naal Varum	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
director	A Misappropriated Turkey is a 1913 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.	A Misappropriated Turkey	D. W. Griffith
director	``Steel-Eyed Death'' was directed by Michael Pressman and written by Christopher Ambrose, Julie Martin and Richard Sweren.	Steel-Eyed Death	Michael Pressman
director	PR Girls (Chinese: PR Girls青春援助交際 Literal Title: PR Girls: Youth Assistant Relationship) is a 1998 Hong Kong drama film co-written and directed by Matt Chow.	PR Girls	Matt Chow
director	I Used to Be Darker is a 2013 independent drama film set and shot in Maryland, the third feature film directed by Matthew Porterfield.	I Used to Be Darker	Matthew Porterfield
director	The Airship Destroyer (originally titled Der Luftkrieg Der Zukunft, also titled ``The Aerial Torpedo'', ``The Battle of the Clouds'' (UK) and ``The Battle in the Clouds'' (US)) is a 1909 British silent science fiction film directed by Walter R. Booth.	The Airship Destroyer	Walter R. Booth
director	Lonely Heart Bandits is a 1950 American drama film directed by George Blair and written by Gene Lewis.	Lonely Heart Bandits	George Blair
director	Fury of the Pagans (Italian: La furia dei barbari, also known as The Fury of the Barbarians and Toryok), is a 1960 Italian adventure film directed by Guido Malatesta.	Fury of the Pagans	Guido Malatesta
director	S/Y Joy (Swedish: S/Y Glädjen) is a 1989 Swedish drama film directed by Göran du Rées, made after the book by Inger Alfvén.	S/Y Joy	Göran du Rées
director	Beowulf & Grendel is a 2005 film Canadian-Icelandic fantasy adventure film directed by Sturla Gunnarsson, loosely based on the Anglo-Saxon epic poem Beowulf.	Beowulf & Grendel	Sturla Gunnarsson
director	Altid ballade (English: Nothing but trouble) is a 1955 Danish drama film directed by Gabriel Axel which focuses on a working class family.	Altid ballade	Gabriel Axel
director	Boogie Town is a science fiction, dance battle romance film which is directed by Chris Stokes.	Boogie Town	Chris Stokes
director	This Is a Life? is a Warner Bros. animated cartoon of the Merrie Melodies series, directed by Friz Freleng, written by Warren Foster, and produced by Edward Selzer, with music directed by Milt Franklyn.	This Is a Life?	Friz Freleng
director	Koormavatara (Kannada: ಕೂರ್ಮಾವತಾರ) is a 2011 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Girish Kasaravalli, based on short story of the same name written by Kum.	Koormavatara	Girish Kasaravalli
director	Compromising Positions is a 1985 American film released by Paramount and directed by Frank Perry.	Compromising Positions	Frank Perry
director	Apartment for Ladies or Nu zi gong yu is a 1970 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.	Apartment for Ladies	Umetsugu Inoue
director	Rosemary, That's for Remembrance is a 1914 American silent short drama directed by Francis J. Grandon.	Rosemary, That's for Remembrance	Francis J. Grandon
director	Rob the Mob is a 2014 American crime drama film directed by Raymond De Felitta and written by Jonathan Fernandez.	Rob the Mob	Raymond De Felitta
director	The Night of the White Pants is a 2006 comedy drama directed by Amy Talkington.	The Night of the White Pants	Amy Talkington
director	Rollo and the Spirit of the Woods (also titled Rolli, Finnish: Rölli ja metsänhenki) is a 2001 Finnish fantasy film directed by Olli Saarela.	Rollo and the Spirit of the Woods	Olli Saarela
director	Springtime for Henry is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Otto Kruger, Nancy Carroll and Nigel Bruce.	Springtime for Henry	Frank Tuttle
director	Roundhay Garden Scene is an 1888 short silent film recorded by French inventor Louis Le Prince.	Roundhay Garden Scene	Louis Le Prince
director	Baton Baton Mein (Hindi: बातों बातों में) is a 1979 romantic comedy film produced and directed by Basu Chatterjee.	Baton Baton Mein	Basu Chatterjee
director	Le Donk & Scor-zay-zee is a 2009 British mock musical documentary film written and directed by Shane Meadows.	Le Donk & Scor-zay-zee	Shane Meadows
director	She Asked for It is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Erle C. Kenton and written by Frederick J. Jackson and Theodore Reeves.	She Asked for It	Erle C. Kenton
director	North of Shanghai is a 1939 American drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman.	North of Shanghai	D. Ross Lederman
director	Three Came Home is a 1950 American post-war film directed by Jean Negulesco, based on the memoirs of the same name by writer Agnes Newton Keith.	Three Came Home	Jean Negulesco
director	Looking for Langston is a 1989 British black-and-white film, directed by Isaac Julien and produced by Sankofa Film & Video Productions.	Looking for Langston	Isaac Julien
director	Raktabhishekam (English: Anointing with Blood) is a 1988 Telugu, Action film produced by on Rajeev Productions banner, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.	Raktabhishekam	A. Kodandarami Reddy
director	Jailbirds is a 1940 British comedy crime film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Albert Burdon, Harry Terry and Charles Farrell.	Jailbirds	Oswald Mitchell
director	My Voice, My Life 《爭氣》is a feature-length documentary film directed by Oscar-winning Chinese-American filmmaker Ruby Yang.	My Voice, My Life	Ruby Yang
director	Meishi Street, directed by Ou Ning, is a 2006 independent Chinese documentary that portrays a group of Beijing residents protesting the planned destruction of their street prior to the 2008 Beijing Olympics.	Meishi Street	Ou Ning
director	Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus (alternate title: Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus 3D) is a 2005 computer animated direct-to-video Barbie film directed by Greg Richardson.	Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus	Greg Richardson
director	(Blooper) Bunny is an eight-minute Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Greg Ford and Terry Lennon, produced in 1991 by Warner Bros. Animation.	(Blooper) Bunny	Terry Lennon
director	Zille and Me (German: Zille und ick) is a 1983 East German musical film directed by Werner W. Wallroth.	Zille and Me	Werner W. Wallroth
director	Right to the Heart is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Walter Bullock.	Right to the Heart	Eugene Forde
director	Girl House is a 2014 Canadian slasher film directed by Trevor Matthews and written by Nick Gordon.	Girl House	Trevor Matthews
director	Directed by Robert Guenette and written by Steven Paul Mark, Dinosaur! was hosted by the American actor Christopher Reeve, who some years before had played the leading role of Superman.	Dinosaur!	Robert Guenette
director	Red Blood, Yellow Gold (Italian: Professionisti per un massacro, Spanish: Los profesionales de la muerte, also known as Professionals for a Massacre), is a 1967 Italian-Spanish spaghetti western film directed by Nando Cicero.	Red Blood, Yellow Gold	Nando Cicero
director	Broken Laws (1924) is an American silent dramatic film directed by Roy William Neill, remarkable for the appearance of Dorothy Davenport, who is billed as ``Mrs. Wallace Reid''.	Broken Laws	Roy William Neill
director	You've Been Trumped is a 2011 documentary by British filmmaker Anthony Baxter.	You've Been Trumped	Anthony Baxter
director	L'insegnante viene a casa (internationally released as The School Teacher in the House) is a 1978 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.	The School Teacher in the House	Michele Massimo Tarantini
director	Mugila Mallige is a 1985 Indian Kannada language film written and directed by K. Balachander and produced by his own Kavithalaya Productions.	Mugila Mallige	K. Balachander
director	I Loved You Wednesday is a 1933 American comedy film directed by Henry King and William Cameron Menzies and written by Philip Klein and Horace Jackson.	I Loved You Wednesday	Henry King
director	Lovely to Look At, an adaptation of the Broadway musical Roberta, is a 1952 MGM musical film directed by Mervyn LeRoy.	Lovely to Look At	Mervyn LeRoy
director	The Arrest of a Pickpocket is an 1895 British short black-and-white silent crime film, produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul's peep show Kinetoscopes, featuring a policeman catching a pickpocket with the assistance of a passing sailor.	The Arrest of a Pickpocket	Birt Acres
director	Sad Pastorale (슬픈 목가 - Seulpeun mokka) is a 1960 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Sad Pastorale	Kim Ki-young
director	Taxi 4 (stylised as T4xi and T4Xi) is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Gérard Krawczyk and the fourth installment of the Taxi series.	Taxi 4	Gérard Krawczyk
director	Dead Daughters (Russian: Мёртвые дочери, translit. Myortvye docheri) is a Russian arthouse horror film directed by Pavel Ruminov.	Dead Daughters	Pavel Ruminov
director	Sharaabi (Hindi: शराबी, English: Drunkard) is a 1984 Indian Hindi drama film produced and directed by Prakash Mehra.	Sharaabi	Prakash Mehra
director	Vše pro lásku is a 1930 silent Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.	Vše pro lásku	Martin Frič
director	Three on a Spree is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Sidney J. Furie, based on the 1902 novel Brewster's Millions, which had been previously filmed by Edward Small in 1945.	Three on a Spree	Sidney J. Furie
director	Late Marriage (Hebrew: חתונה מאוחרת‎, Hatuna Meuheret) is a 2001 Israeli film directed by Dover Kosashvili.	Late Marriage	Dover Kosashvili
director	Marudhani (Tamil: மருதாணி) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film, directed by Ramarajan and produced by P. Jayaraj.	Marudhani	Ramarajan
director	The Heart of Christmas is a 2011 American Christian drama feature film directed by Gary Wheeler.	The Heart of Christmas	Gary Wheeler
director	The Man from Blankley's is a lost 1930 American Pre-Code comedy film, directed by Alfred E. Green.	The Man from Blankley's	Alfred E. Green
director	The Hidden Hero (Hangul: 깃발없는 기수; RR: Gitbalomneun Gisu) is a 1980 South Korean film directed by Im Kwon-taek.	The Hidden Hero	Im Kwon-taek
director	Every Thing Will Be Fine is a 2015 German drama film directed by Wim Wenders and written by Bjørn Olaf Johannessen, and released in 3D.	Every Thing Will Be Fine	Wim Wenders
director	Tan de repente (Suddenly) is a 2002 Argentine and Dutch black-and-white comedy drama film directed by Diego Lerman and written by Lerman, María Meira, and Eloisa Solaas, based on the novel La prueba, written by César Aira.	Tan de repente	Diego Lerman
director	True to the Army is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Albert S. Rogell and written by Art Arthur, Bradford Ropes, Edmund L. Hartmann and Val Burton.	True to the Army	Albert S. Rogell
director	La Reine Soleil (The Sun Queen) is a French animated feature film (French/Hungarian/Belgian co-production) made by Philippe Leclerc.	La Reine Soleil	Philippe Leclerc
director	The Night of the Generals is a 1967 Franco-British Second World War crime mystery film directed by Anatole Litvak and produced by Sam Spiegel.	The Night of the Generals	Anatole Litvak
director	War/Dance is a 2007 American documentary film written and directed by Sean Fine and Andrea Nix Fine and produced by Shine Global's Susan MacLaury, a professor at Kean University, and Albie Hecht.	War/Dance	Sean Fine
director	A Defeated People is a 1946 British documentary short film made by the Crown Film Unit, directed by Humphrey Jennings and narrated by William Hartnell.	A Defeated People	Humphrey Jennings
director	Betsy's Wedding is a 1990 American romantic-comedy film written, directed by and starring Alan Alda.	Betsy's Wedding	Alan Alda
director	The Trail of the Octopus is a 1919 American mystery film serial directed by Duke Worne.	The Trail of the Octopus	Duke Worne
director	``Royal Pudding'' was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker, and was rated TV-MA L in the United States.	Royal Pudding	Trey Parker
director	Ponthan Mada is a 1994 Malayalam-language Indian feature film written and directed by T. V. Chandran.	Ponthan Mada	T. V. Chandran
director	Mana Midiyithu (Kannada: ಮನ ಮಿಡಿಯಿತು) is a 1995 Indian Kannada romance film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and the story is by Ashwini.	Mana Midiyithu	M. S. Rajashekar
director	The Big Fisherman is a 1959 American film directed by Frank Borzage about the life of Simon Peter, one of the disciples of Jesus.	The Big Fisherman	Frank Borzage
director	45 Fathers is a 1937 American comedy film directed by James Tinling and written by Frances Hyland and Albert Ray.	45 Fathers	James Tinling
director	A Hard Name is a 2009 documentary film by Alan Zweig that explores the lives of ex-convicts.	A Hard Name	Alan Zweig
director	Ocana, an Intermittent Portrait (Catalan: Ocaña, retrat intermitent) is a 1978 Spanish documentary film about LGBT painter José Pérez Ocaña and his life in post-Franco gay Barcelona, directed by Ventura Pons.	Ocana, an Intermittent Portrait	Ventura Pons
director	Tartar Invasion (Hungarian: Tatárjárás) is a 1917 Hungarian drama film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Tartar Invasion	Michael Curtiz
director	After All It's Only Life (Spanish: Las Boludas) is a 1993 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Víctor Dínenzon and written by José Ángel Esteban.	After All It's Only Life	Víctor Dínenzon
director	The Day the Loving Stopped is a 1981 made-for-TV drama film directed by Daniel Mann.	The Day the Loving Stopped	Daniel Mann
director	Knockout Reilly is a 1927 American drama silent film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and written by Pierre Collings, John W. Conway, Kenneth Raisbeck and Albert Payson Terhune.	Knockout Reilly	Malcolm St. Clair
director	44 Inch Chest is a 2009 British crime comedy-drama film directed by Malcolm Venville in his directorial debut.	44 Inch Chest	Malcolm Venville
director	Under Siege is a 1992 American action-thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and written by J.F. Lawton.	Under Siege	Andrew Davis
director	Hard Men is a British gangster movie that was directed by J. K. Amalou.	Hard Men	J. K. Amalou
director	Murder Goes to College is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Charles Reisner and written by Brian Marlow, Eddie Welch and Robert Wyler.	Murder Goes to College	Charles Reisner
director	Nidaan is a 2000 Indian Family drama film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by R.V. Pandit.	Nidaan	Mahesh Manjrekar
director	Doppelherz (or Doppleherz) is a short, surrealist film by Marilyn Manson that runs for 25 minutes and was included on a Bonus DVD that came with some releases of Marilyn Manson's fifth studio album, The Golden Age of Grotesque, released in 2003.	Doppelherz	Marilyn Manson
director	Regular Guys (German: Echte Kerle) is a 1996 German comedy film directed by Rolf Silber.	Regular Guys	Rolf Silber
director	G-Men from Hell is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Christopher Coppola and written by Robert Cooper, Richard L. Albert, and Nicholas Johnson.	G-Men from Hell	Christopher Coppola
director	4 Schlüssel is a German crime film directed by Jürgen Roland.	4 Schlüssel	Jürgen Roland
director	Vajrakaya (Kannada: ವಜ್ರಕಾಯ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Harsha.	Vajrakaya	Harsha
director	Japan's Longest Day (日本のいちばん長い日 Nihon no ichiban nagai hi), also known as The Emperor and the General, is a 1967 movie directed by Kihachi Okamoto.	Japan's Longest Day	Kihachi Okamoto
director	Lailaa O Lailaa (abbreviated as LOL) is a 2015 Malayalam language Indian spy action-thriller film directed by Joshiy.	Lailaa O Lailaa	Joshiy
director	Student Bodies is a 1981 comedy film written and directed by Mickey Rose, with an uncredited Michael Ritchie co-directing.	Student Bodies	Mickey Rose	Michael Ritchie
director	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a 2008 American romantic fantasy drama film directed by David Fincher.	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button	David Fincher
director	Harvard, Here I Come! is a 1941 American film directed by Lew Landers.	Harvard, Here I Come	Lew Landers
director	Tuba Atlantic is a Norwegian live action short film directed by Hallvar Witzø.	Tuba Atlantic	Hallvar Witzø
director	The Fighting Men (Italian: Gli inesorabili) is a 1950 Italian film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque and Roberto Savarese.	The Fighting Men	Camillo Mastrocinque
director	Down Our Street is a 1932 black and white British film directed by Harry Lachman.	Down Our Street	Harry Lachman
director	The Winds of the Aures (Arabic: ريح الاوراس‎, translit. Rih al awras, French: Le Vent des Aurès) is a 1966 Algerian war film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina.	The Winds of the Aures	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
director	Lovers and Other Relatives, also known as Peccato veniale and Venial Sin, is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Salvatore Samperi.	Lovers and Other Relatives	Salvatore Samperi
director	Seven Vengeful Women (Spanish:Las siete magníficas, Italian:7 donne per una strage) is a 1966 western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini, Sidney W. Pink and Rudolf Zehetgruber.	Seven Vengeful Women	Gianfranco Parolini	Sidney W. Pink	Rudolf Zehetgruber
director	2 Guns is a 2013 American action comedy film directed by Icelandic film director Baltasar Kormákur in his first American directorial debut.	2 Guns	Baltasar Kormákur
director	Too Tough to Kill is a 1935 American drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman.	Too Tough to Kill	D. Ross Lederman
director	Don Lucio y el hermano pío (``Don Lucio and the pious brother'') is a 1960 Spanish comedy film directed by José Antonio Nieves Conde, starring Tony Leblanc and José Isbert.	Don Lucio y el hermano pío	José Antonio Nieves Conde
director	As with The Quatermass Experiment, Quatermass II was produced and directed by Rudolph Cartier; he and Kneale particularly enjoyed working together.	Quatermass II	Rudolph Cartier
director	The Human Sexipede (full title: The Human Sexipede (First Sequence: A porn parody)) is a 2010 American pornographic horror film written and directed by Lee Roy Myers.	The Human Sexipede	Lee Roy Myers
director	Betaab is a 1983 Indian Hindi romance film released, directed by Rahul Rawail and produced by Bikram Sing Dahal.	Betaab	Rahul Rawail
director	Tito and Me (Serbian: Тито и ја, Tito i ja) is a 1992 Yugoslavian comedy film by Serbian director Goran Marković.	Tito and Me	Goran Marković
director	Kadhalukku Mariyadhai (English: Respect for Love) is a 1997 Tamil musical-romance film directed by Fazil.	Kadhalukku Mariyadhai	Fazil
director	The Last Showing is a 2014 British independent horror thriller film directed by Phil Hawkins.	The Last Showing	Phil Hawkins
director	Rok Sako To Rok Lo (English: Stop Me if You Can) is a 2004 Bollywood sports drama film produced and directed by Arindam Chaudhuri, in his debut.	Rok Sako To Rok Lo	Arindam Chaudhuri
director	Ang Nawawala (lit. ``The Lost'') is a 2012 Filipino drama film co-written and directed by Marie Jamora.	Ang Nawawala	Marie Jamora
director	Man Pasand (English: Favorite) is a 1980 Hindi movie produced by Amit Khanna under Film Unit banner and directed by Basu Chatterjee.	Man Pasand	Basu Chatterjee
director	Los caballeros de la cama redonda (English: Round bed knights) is a 1973 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Gerardo Sofovich and Hugo Sofovich.	Los caballeros de la cama redonda	Gerardo Sofovich	Hugo Sofovich
director	The Extendables (also known as Action Hero) is a 2014 American parody film directed by Brian Thompson.	The Extendables	Brian Thompson
director	Ankles Preferred is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and written by James Shelley Hamilton.	Ankles Preferred	John G. Blystone
director	Always for Pleasure is a 1978 documentary film by Les Blank about social traditions in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Always for Pleasure	Les Blank
director	Broken Lance is a 1954 Western film made by Twentieth Century-Fox, directed by Edward Dmytryk and produced by Sol C. Siegel.	Broken Lance	Edward Dmytryk
director	La magnifica sfida or Falcon of the Desert is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Miguel Lluch.	La magnifica sfida	Miguel Lluch
director	Panienka z poste restante is a 1935 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Jan Nowina-Przybylski and Michał Waszyński.	Panienka z poste restante	Michał Waszyński
director	Cocaine Cowboys is a 2006 documentary film directed by Billy Corben and produced by Alfred Spellman and Billy Corben through their Miami-based media studio Rakontur.	Cocaine Cowboys	Billy Corben
director	Roseanna's Grave (also known as For Roseanna) is a 1997 American romantic dramedy film directed by Paul Weiland.	Roseanna's Grave	Paul Weiland
director	Mentioned in Confidence is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Edgar Jones and produced by the Balboa Film Producing Company.	Mentioned in Confidence	Edgar Jones
director	Tumhari Kasam (English: Promise on You) is a 1978 Bollywood drama film produced by C.V.K. Sastry on Associated Films & Finance Corporation banner, directed by Ravi Chopra.	Tumhari Kasam	Ravi Chopra
director	South of the Clouds is a 2004 Chinese film and the second film directed by the writer Zhu Wen.	South of the Clouds	Zhu Wen
director	The Pioneer Scout is a 1928 American Western silent film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and Alfred L. Werker and written by Garrett Graham and Frances Marion.	The Pioneer Scout	Lloyd Ingraham
director	Tata Birla is a 1996 Tamil language comedy film directed by C. Ranganathan.	Tata Birla	C. Ranganathan
director	Ramparts of Clay (French: Remparts d'argile), is a 1971 French drama film directed by Jean-Louis Bertucelli.	Ramparts of Clay	Jean-Louis Bertucelli
director	Shri Ganesh Mahima also called Shri Krishna Vivah is a 1950 Hindi mythological film directed by Homi Wadia.	Shri Ganesh Mahima	Homi Wadia
director	Doctors Don't Tell is a 1941 American crime film directed by Jacques Tourneur and written by Theodore Reeves and Isabel Dawn.	Doctors Don't Tell	Jacques Tourneur
director	Loved by a Maori Chieftess is a 1913 New Zealand feature film directed by Gaston Méliès.	Loved by a Maori Chieftess	Gaston Méliès
director	Rose O'Salem-Town is a 1910 silent short drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.	Rose O'Salem-Town	D. W. Griffith
director	Do Aur Do Paanch (Hindi: दो और दो पांच, English: Two and Two to Five) is a 1980 Hindi action comedy movie produced by C. Dhandyadupani and directed by Rakesh Kumar.	Do Aur Do Paanch	Rakesh Kumar
director	Bangaru Kutumbam (translation: Golden Family) is a 1994 Telugu drama film written and directed by Dasari Narayana Rao and produced by Kaikala Satyanarayana.	Bangaru Kutumbam	Dasari Narayana Rao
director	Choque de trenes is a 1902 Spanish short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Segundo de Chomón.	Choque de trenes	Segundo de Chomón
director	The Bees' Buzz is a 1929 American film directed by Mack Sennett.	The Bees' Buzz	Mack Sennett
director	The Stupid Cupid is a short Looney Tunes animated cartoon directed by Frank Tashlin and released in 1944.	The Stupid Cupid	Frank Tashlin
director	The Phantom of the Air is a 12-episode 1933 Pre-Code Universal movie serial directed by Ray Taylor.	The Phantom of the Air	Ray Taylor
director	Captain Scarface is a 1953 American thriller film directed by Paul Guilfoyle.	Captain Scarface	Paul Guilfoyle
director	Up for the Derby is a 1933 British sports comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Sydney Howard, Dorothy Bartlam and Tom Helmore.	Up for the Derby	Maclean Rogers
dissolved or abolished	Euroway was a Swedish ferry company that operated cruise ferries between Sweden and Germany from 1992 till 1994.	Euroway	1994
educated at	Cheon Jinwoo is the H.G. Underwood Professor at Yonsei University, Seoul, South Korea and the Director of Center for Evolutionary Nanoparticles.	Cheon Jinwoo	Yonsei University
educated at	Kelley Bowman (born March 26, 1983 in Richmond, Kentucky) is an NCAA All American high jumper for the University of Louisville.	Kelley Bowman	University of Louisville
educated at	Of Chinese-American ancestry and born in Boston, Massachusetts, Alexander Kuo received his B.A. from Knox College in Illinois in 1961, where he studied with Sam Moon and Gogisi.	Alexander Kuo	Knox College
educated at	Miriam Rafailovich received a Bachelor of Science degree from Brooklyn College in 1974 and a Ph.D in nuclear physics from SUNY Stony Brook in 1980.	Miriam Rafailovich	Brooklyn College
educated at	Marcia Citron graduated from Brooklyn College with a BA in 1966 and from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a MA in 1968 and a PhD in 1971.	Marcia Citron	Brooklyn College	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
educated at	Born in Accrington, Lancashire, George Bullough was educated at Harrow School.	George Bullough	Harrow School
educated at	Ueli Aebi (born 31 Mai 1946 in Bern) is a Swiss structural biologist and co-founder of the Maurice E. Müller Institute for Structural Biology at the Biozentrum University of Basel.	Ueli Aebi	University of Basel
educated at	Li Ruogu graduated with a Masters in Law from Beijing University in 1981 and a Masters in Public Administration from Princeton University in 1983.	Li Ruogu	Princeton University
educated at	Eduardo Maruri earned a Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) degree from Eastern Michigan University in 1986 and a Certificate in Communications degree from Harvard University in 1989.	Eduardo Maruri	Harvard University
educated at	John Klenke graduated from University of Wisconsin-- Madison in 1980 with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree (Finance) and from University of Wisconsin--	John Klenke	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Enrico Butti (Viggiù, April 3, 1847 -- Viggiù, January 31, 1932) was an Italian sculptor, active mainly in Milan, where he became a professor of the Brera Academy.	Enrico Butti	Brera Academy
educated at	Cosmo Buono is an American pianist, native of New Jersey who completed his piano studies at New York University, Bard College, and The Juilliard School.	Cosmo Buono	New York University	Juilliard School
educated at	Jesse Dale Thorn, usually known as Dale Thorn or as J. Dale Thorn (October 7, 1942 -- May 8, 2014), was a journalist and professor at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, who was the first press secretary during the 1970s to then Governor Edwin Edwards, a Democrat.	Dale Thorn	Louisiana State University
educated at	Dipesh Chakrabarty attended Presidency College of the University of Calcutta, where he received his undergraduate degree in physics.	Dipesh Chakrabarty	University of Calcutta
educated at	Sue Robbie (b. Susan Robinson on 5 July 1949, London) grew up in the north-west of England and was educated at Keele University, where she read English and Psychology.	Sue Robbie	Keele University
educated at	Kenji Imai went to Waseda University in Tokyo and graduated with a degree in Architecture.	Kenji Imai	Waseda University
educated at	Kim Spencer holds a B.A. in Political Science from Reed College and did graduate work in Urban Planning at Harvard Graduate School of Design.	Kim Spencer	Reed College
educated at	Robert Penn Warren graduated from Clarksville High School in Clarksville, Tennessee, Vanderbilt University (summa cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa) in 1925 and the University of California, Berkeley (M.A.) in 1926.	Robert Penn Warren	Vanderbilt University	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Walker Hancock was awarded the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts Medal of Honor in 1953, the Herbert Adams Medal of Honor from the National Sculpture Society in 1954, the National Medal of Arts in 1989, and the Medal of Freedom in 1990.	Walker Hancock	Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
educated at	Pedro Guilherme-Moreira was born in Porto in the summer of 1969 and graduated from the University of Coimbra.	Pedro Guilherme-Moreira	University of Coimbra
educated at	Warren Farrell received a B.A. from Montclair State University in social sciences in 1965.	Warren Farrell	Montclair State University
educated at	William A. Staples is the fourth president of the University of Houston--	William A. Staples	University of Houston
educated at	Carlos Davis attended Town School for Boys, The Allen-Stevenson School (New York City), Riverdale Country School (New York City), New York University's undergraduate program in Spain, London University, and Georgetown University (Washington, D.C.), Davis now resides in Manhattan.	Carlos Davis	New York University
educated at	Ernest Blamires was born in Warrnambool, Australia, and went to school at Wesley College in Melbourne, which was then a Methodist school for boys.	Ernest Blamires	Wesley College
educated at	Arthur Christopher Watson CMG, (2 January 1927 -- 7 May 2001) Watson was born in China, and educated at St Catharine's College, Cambridge.	Arthur Christopher Watson	St Catharine's College
educated at	Marzuki Usman initially intended to study dentistry, but found he did not have the disposition when he failed the entrance exam for a dental school in the Philippines, and subsequently applied to the Faculty of Economics at Gadjah Mada University, Yogyakarta.	Marzuki Usman	Gadjah Mada University
educated at	Leslie Bassett (January 22, 1923 -- February 4, 2016) was an American composer of classical music, and the University of Michigan's Albert A. Stanley Distinguished University Professor Emeritus of Composition.	Leslie Bassett	University of Michigan
educated at	Alison Brewer was a goaltender for Brown University and was the 2000 winner of the Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award.	Alison Brewer	Brown University
educated at	Tim Feehan graduated from the University of Alberta in 1984 and began his recording/songwriting career quite accidentally when his college band ``Footloose'' was asked by a local studio owner to record a song he'd written.	Tim Feehan	University of Alberta
educated at	Jeffrey E. Barlough (born 1953 in Los Angeles, California) is a trained biologist and veterinarian with a Ph.D. in Virology from Cornell University who has published over 60 research and review articles in scientific journals since 1979.	Jeffrey E. Barlough	Cornell University
educated at	The Lizardman was born in Fort Campbell, KY, and was a Ph.D. candidate at the University at Albany before beginning his transformation.	The Lizardman	University at Albany
educated at	Meg Randall (born Genevieve Roberts; August 1, 1926 in Clinton, Oklahoma) was an American film actress who also attended the University of Oklahoma as an undergraduate, completing only her freshman year.	Meg Randall	University of Oklahoma
educated at	Martin Amlin received Master of Music and Doctor of Musical Arts degrees and the Performer's Certificate from the Eastman School of Music at the University of Rochester.	Martin Amlin	Eastman School of Music
educated at	Born in Srinagar, Kashmir, and educated at Wellington College and at the Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst, Roland Guy was commissioned into the Kings Royal Rifle Corps (the 60th) in 1948.	Roland Guy	Wellington College	Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst
educated at	John T. Howe received his B.S. from the University of Michigan in 1950 and his M.S. in 1956 and the degree of Engineer in 1958 from Stanford University, all in engineering mechanics.	John T. Howe	University of Michigan
educated at	Manuela Gretkowska was born in Łódź and studied philosophy at Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	Manuela Gretkowska	Jagiellonian University
educated at	In Palestine, while his family were briefly detained as enemy aliens by the British authorities, Ulli Beier earned a BA as an external student from the University of London.	Ulli Beier	University of London
educated at	In the United States José Serra was awarded a Masters and Ph. D. in Economics at Cornell University (Ithaca, NY) and later spent 2 years at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, NJ.	José Serra	Cornell University
educated at	Yale University Press, 1998 ISBN 9780300191530 Elisheva Carlebach, John M. Efron, and David N. Myers, eds. Jewish History and Jewish Memory:	David N. Myers	Yale University
educated at	Prior to his career as a stock trader, Dr. Chris Kacher pursued an education in the nuclear sciences at the University of California, Berkeley.	Chris Kacher	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	The first of many generations of Lanmans who attended what is now known as Yale University, James Lanman pursued classical studies and graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Yale College in 1788.	James Lanman	Yale University	Yale College
educated at	Walter Leaf was born at on 26 November 1852 and educated at Harrow and Trinity College, Cambridge.	Walter Leaf	Trinity College
educated at	Sir Peter Mews of Hinton Admiral (29 August 1672 -- 19 March 1727), born to Colonel John Mews and Sarah Mellish, was educated at St John's College, Oxford.	Peter Mews of Hinton Admiral	St John's College
educated at	Marcel Légaut was born in Paris, where he received his Ph.D. in Mathematics from the École Normale Supérieure in 1925.	Marcel Légaut	École Normale Supérieure
educated at	Max Coyer attended Trinity College in his hometown of Hartford, Connecticut for two years, majoring in poetry.	Max Coyer	Trinity College
educated at	Helen Joseph was born in Easebourne near Midhurst, West Sussex, England and graduated from King's College London, in 1927.	Helen Joseph	King's College London
educated at	Stephen Scherer (February 22, 1989 -- October 3, 2010) was a Cadet with the class of 2011 at the United States Military Academy who competed in the 2008 Olympic Games in 10 metre air rifle.	Stephen Scherer	United States Military Academy
educated at	It was also during the interwar period that Jean Boutière published the first-ever French-language monograph on the Romanian writer, originally as a Doctor of Philosophy thesis for the University of Paris.	Jean Boutière	University of Paris
educated at	Mary Schaps (Ph.D., Harvard University) is Professor of Mathematics and Dean of the Faculty of Exact Sciences at Bar Ilan University.	Mary Schaps	Harvard University
educated at	The son of émigrés Josef Petros Daugmanis from Latvia and Runa Inge Olsson from Sweden, John Daugman was educated in America, receiving an A.B. degree and a Ph.D. degree (1983) from Harvard University.	John Daugman	Harvard University
educated at	Phuti Mahanyele left Johannesburg, South Africa at age 17 to attend Douglass College (later merged into Rutgers University) in the United States.	Phuti Mahanyele	Rutgers University
educated at	Gerald M. Steinberg was born in the United Kingdom, obtained his doctorate in government from Cornell University, in 1981;	Gerald M. Steinberg	Cornell University
educated at	Carl E. Thoresen (born July 22, 1933) is a psychologist on the faculty of Stanford University.	Carl E. Thoresen	Stanford University
educated at	Arlington G. Reynolds was born on a farm in Mentor, Lake County, Ohio, educated in the local schools, the Collegiate Institute in Willoughby, and Oberlin College.	Arlington G. Reynolds	Oberlin College
educated at	Piotr Setkiewicz (born in 1963) is the director of Centre for Research at the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum (Centrum Badań Państwowego Muzeum Auschwitz-Birkenau w Oświęcimiu); a graduate of the Faculty of History at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków.	Piotr Setkiewicz	Jagiellonian University
educated at	Christopher Palameta was born in 1979 in Montreal, Canada, and studied Early Music Performance at McGill University.	Christopher Palameta	McGill University
educated at	Shawnta Rogers (born January 5, 1976) is an American former professional basketball player and former star at The George Washington University of the Atlantic 10 Conference.	Shawnta Rogers	George Washington University
educated at	William Imbrie was an 1865 graduate of the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) and an 1870 graduate of Princeton Theological Seminary.	William Imbrie	Princeton University	Princeton Theological Seminary
educated at	Mahinda Samarasinghe completed a Bachelor of Economics (Honours) degree at La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia.	Mahinda Samarasinghe	La Trobe University
educated at	Anthony Howe He attended The Taft School between 1969 and 1973, and for the next 6 years was enrolled at Cornell University and Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture.	Anthony Howe	Cornell University
educated at	Born on 23 June 1918, the son of Brigadier Sir Lionel Milman, 7th Baronet CMG (1877-1962), Sir Derek Milman, 9th Baronet was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.	Sir Derek Milman, 9th Baronet	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	Eric B. Shumway (born 1939) was the president of Brigham Young University--	Eric B. Shumway	Brigham Young University
educated at	Trey Bender is a graduate of the University of Kansas and is the son of Gary Bender, a veteran broadcaster who also graduated from the University of Kansas.	Trey Bender	University of Kansas
educated at	In 1925-29 Mary Beck was a student at the University of Pittsburgh upon graduation of which she received a Bachelor of Arts.	Mary Beck	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Janet Niven graduated from the University of Glasgow with a first class Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery degree in 1925.	Janet Niven	University of Glasgow
educated at	Malik Zahoor Ahmad earned a master's degree in mass communications from the University of Leicester, UK and also a B.A. in economics and sociology from Government College, Lahore.	Malik Zahoor Ahmad	University of Leicester
educated at	Harry Payne Whitney studied at Groton School in Groton, Massachusetts then attended Yale University, graduating with a law degree in 1894.	Harry Payne Whitney	Yale University
educated at	The Poe brothers were six celebrated American football players who played football at Princeton University from 1882 until 1901.	Poe brothers	Princeton University
educated at	Derek Boshier attended the Royal College of Art in London, alongside David Hockney, Allen Jones and Peter Phillips, graduating in 1962.	Derek Boshier	Royal College of Art
educated at	Anatol Hrytskievich graduated in 1950 from the Minsk Medical Institute and in 1955 -- from the Minsk Pedagogical Institute of Foreign Languages and in 1958 from the Belarusian State University history faculty.	Anatol Hrytskievich	Belarusian State University
educated at	James Deering attended one year each at Northwestern University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology before also joining the company at the same time.	James Deering	Northwestern University	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Preeta Samarasan is a Malaysian author writing in English whose first novel, Evening Is the Whole Day, won the Hopwood Novel Award (while she was doing her MFA at the University of Michigan), was a finalist for the Commonwealth Writers Prize 2009, and was on the longlist for the Orange Prize for Fiction.	Preeta Samarasan	University of Michigan
educated at	Calvin Tang graduated in 2000 from Seattle University with a Bachelor of Science degree with emphasis in Premedical Sciences.	Calvin Tang	Seattle University
educated at	Born at Ballylough, in County Antrim, William Atcheson Traill was educated at private schools and graduated from Trinity College Dublin with a degree in Engineering in 1865 and a Masters in 1873.	William Atcheson Traill	Trinity College
educated at	Eiiti Wada (和田英一, June 1, 1931) is an emeritus computer scientist professor at the University of Tokyo and the Research Director of Internet Initiative Japan a network technology company.	Eiiti Wada	University of Tokyo
educated at	John B. Williamson is a Professor of Sociology who specializes in gerontology, social policy and social welfare.He joined the faculty of the Department of Sociology at Boston College in 1969 after completing his Ph.D. in social psychology at Harvard University.	John B. Williamson	Harvard University
educated at	Kim Gandy graduated from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, the seat of Lincoln Parish, where she earned a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics.	Kim Gandy	Louisiana Tech University
educated at	John Bruce Norton had his early education at Harrow and Merton College, Oxford.	John Bruce Norton	Merton College
educated at	John Allibond (1597--1658), was the master of Magdalen College School.	John Allibond	Magdalen College
educated at	Michael Kruse (F. Michael) (born 1948), LL.B (Victoria University of Wellington), MCL (George Washington) is the Chief Justice of the High Court of American Samoa.	Michael Kruse	Victoria University of Wellington
educated at	Andrew Lazar (born 1966) is an American film producer and graduate of the New York University Tisch School of the Arts.	Andrew Lazar	Tisch School of the Arts
founder	The Apogee name, logo and library were licensed to a new company, Apogee Software, LLC. George Broussard and Scott Miller, both of 3D Realms, assisted in the formation of the new company, but have no role in any of its management decisions.	Apogee Software	Scott Miller
headquarters location	The Russell Motor Car Company was an automobile manufacturer in Toronto, Canada that produced cars from 1904 to 1916.	Russell Motor Car Company	Toronto
inception	Ted Leo and the Pharmacists (sometimes written Ted Leo/Pharmacists, Ted Leo + Pharmacists, or TL/Rx) are an American rock band formed in 1999 in Washington, D.C. and currently recording for Matador Records.	Ted Leo and the Pharmacists	1999
inception	Established in 2001, by current Managing Director Brett Raynes, Backup Direct acquired online backup provider Back2Go in 2007 and Data Trustees in 2008.	Backup Direct	2001
inception	Formation The Vinyl Records (aka TVR) was formed in February 2010.	The Vinyl Records	2010
inception	Le Tigre is an American electroclash band from the United States, formed by Kathleen Hanna (formerly of Bikini Kill) and Johanna Fateman in 1998 in New York City.	Le Tigre	1998
inception	Kimberley College (also known as STEM College) is a free school sixth form centre that opened in Stewartby, Bedfordshire, England in September 2013.	Kimberley College	2013
inception	Assyrian National Broadcasting or ANB SAT (Syriac: ܦܪܣܬܐ ܐܘܡܬܢܝܬܐ ܐܫܘܪܝܬܐ‎) is a channel broadcasting in Assyrian on the satellite and internet, founded by Ninos Ternian on 8 August 2011 in San Jose, California.	Assyrian National Broadcasting	2011
inception	Trauma Studios was an American computer game developer company founded in 2003.	Trauma Studios	2003
inception	Richmond International High School and College (RIHSC) was a private school in Richmond, British Columbia, founded in 1991.	Richmond International High School and College	1991
inception	The channel officially launched in October 2009, on Rogers Cable under the name LS Times TV.	LS Times TV	2009
inception	The Mayapada Group is an Indonesian-based conglomerate founded by Dato Sri Tahir in 1986.	Mayapada	1986
inception	Groupe DSO was a collection of small business units that operated from 1967 to 1997 in the Asia-Pacific region.	Groupe DSO	1967
inception	Königsberg was founded in 1255 on the site of the ancient Old Prussian settlement Twangste by the Teutonic Knights during the Northern Crusades, and was named in honour of King Ottokar II of Bohemia.	Königsberg	1255
inception	The Porto Marathon is an annual marathon race in the city of Porto, Portugal, held in October or November, since 2004.	Porto Marathon	2004
inception	Rajiv Gandhi Medical College and Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Hospital is a school of medicine, established in 1992 and based in Thane, in Kalwa, Mumbai, India.	Rajiv Gandhi Medical College	1992
inception	They have also developed middleware for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS. Engine Software was founded in 1995, and with that is the oldest game developer in the Netherlands still in business.	Engine Software	1995
inception	Meedan was founded by Ed Bice in 2005 and incorporated as a nonprofit charitable organization in 2006.	Meedan	2005
inception	Massaponax High School opened in the fall of 1998 becoming the fourth high school in Spotsylvania County.	Massaponax High School	1998
inception	The Reindeer Section are a Scottish indie rock supergroup formed in 2001 by Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol, which released albums and gigged in 2001 and 2002.	The Reindeer Section	2001
inception	The Western Block Party (WBP) was a political party in Canada founded in 2005 by Doug Christie.	Western Block Party	2005
inception	Genmab A/S is a Danish biotechnology company, founded in February 1999 by Florian Schönharting, at the time managing director of BankInvest Biomedical venture fund.	Genmab	1999
inception	The Zayed Center for Coordination and Follow-Up was set up in 1999 as the think-tank of the Arab League.	Zayed Center for Coordination and Follow-Up	1999
inception	Molotov Solution was founded during 2004, the group's first release, The Path to Extinction was finished and released in 2005 and again in 2006 the band provided one half of a split release album with War from a Harlots Mouth.	Molotov Solution	2004
inception	SINTEF was established at the Norwegian Institute of Technology (NTH) in Trondheim in 1950 and expanded rapidly in the following years.	SINTEF	1950
inception	O3SIS AG Founded 1996 by Bernd Rützel, Ute Heymann and Dirk Dörre, O3SIS AG initially has been focusing on research and development of middleware connecting ``thin client'' devices to application servers via IP networks.	O3SIS	1996
inception	Single Gun Theory were an Australian electronic dance music band formed in 1986.	Single Gun Theory	1986
inception	European Union Prize for Literature (established in 2009) is a European Union literary award.	European Union Prize for Literature	2009
inception	Orange Polska (former Telekomunikacja Polska) is a Polish telecommunications provider established in December 1991.	Orange Polska	December 1991
inception	Little Qualicum Falls Provincial Park was originally established as a park in 1940 to protect the old growth Douglas-fir forest.	Little Qualicum Falls Provincial Park	1940
inception	Nekropsi (founded in 1989 as ``Necropsy'') is a musical group from Istanbul, Turkey.	Nekropsi	1989
inception	George Bishop's Observatory was an astronomical observatory erected in 1836 by the astronomer George Bishop near his residence at the South Villa of Regent's Park, London.	George Bishop's Observatory	1836
inception	Lansdowne Partners is an investment management organisation founded in 1998, one of Europe's oldest hedge funds.	Lansdowne Partners	1998
inception	Art Concret was an Avant-garde group of artists formed in Paris in 1929, championing a geometrical abstract art closely related to the aesthetics of Neo-plasticism.	Art Concret	1929
inception	Facing the World was set up in 2003 by Norman Waterhouse and Martin Hirigoyen Kelly, two craniofacial plastic surgeons at the Chelsea and Westminster Hospital.	Facing the World	2003
inception	Neoclubber is a Russian electropop duo that was organized in late 2008.	Neoclubber	2008
inception	Illinois acquired more than 1,100 acres (450 ha) in 1927, and dedicated the park as Giant City State Park.	Giant City State Park	1927
inception	Founded by the Lebanese German Association for the Promotion of Culture, a non-profit NGO, the Lebanese German University opened its doors in October 2008 after obtaining Presidential Decree number 794, dated October 5, 2007.	Lebanese German University	2008
inception	Masthead Studios was founded in 2005 in Bulgaria and is an eastern-European video game developing studio specializing in massively multiplayer online role-playing games.	Masthead Studios	2005
inception	The Vlaams Nationaal Verbond (VNV; Dutch for ``Flemish National Union'' or ``Flemish National League'') was a nationalist Flemish political party in Belgium, active between 1933 and 1944.	Vlaams Nationaal Verbond	1933
inception	The NHS National Workforce Projects team was formed in 2005 to create and make available a range of workforce planning tools, guidance and resources to the NHS.	NHS National Workforce Projects	2005
inception	The Audio Information Network of Colorado (AINC), formerly the Radio Reading Service of the Rockies (RRSR), was founded in 1990.	Audio Information Network of Colorado	1990
inception	Pi Delta Psi (ΠΔΨ) is an Asian-American cultural interest fraternity founded at Binghamton University on February 20, 1994.	Pi Delta Psi	1994
inception	Rioja Airlines was founded in 2007 by Riojano entrepreneurs.	Rioja Airlines	2007
inception	Tasnim News Agency is a private news agency in Iran opened in 2012.	Tasnim News Agency	2012
inception	Pink Floyd were founded in 1965 by students Syd Barrett, Nick Mason, Roger Waters, and Richard Wright.	Pink Floyd	1965
inception	On 1 July 1998, the two councils amalgamated to form the City of Albany.	City of Albany	1998
inception	Sandii & the Sunsetz were a Japanese synthpop band that collaborated from 1979 until the 1990s.	Sandii & the Sunsetz	1979
inception	The airline was shortly thereafter renamed ``Ryanair'' and began operations in 1985 with a 15-seat Embraer Bandeirante turboprop aircraft, flying between Waterford and Gatwick Airport with the aim of breaking the duopoly on London-Ireland flights at that time, held by British Airways and Aer Lingus.	Ryanair	1985
inception	Forgotten Silence is an experimental band from the Czech Republic founded in 1993.	Forgotten Silence	1993
inception	The Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce (HKGCC; Chinese: 香港總商會) was founded in 1861.	Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce	1861
inception	Il Progresso Italo-Americano was an Italian-language daily newspaper in the United States, published in New York City from 1880 to 1988, when it was shut down due to a union dispute.	Il Progresso Italo-Americano	1880
inception	Town status was granted to Obninsk on June 24, 1956.	Obninsk	1956
inception	Rapture TV was a previously free-to-air satellite television station (although now an exclusively online channel) operated from the United Kingdom, founded in 1997.	Rapture TV	1997
inception	Makthaverskan began in 2008 with the release of both a mini CD with a collection of demos and their debut self-titled album, released by Luxury Records.	Makthaverskan	2008
inception	The Progressive Alliance (Alianza Progresista) is a social-democratic political party of Uruguay founded in 1999 by the former Vice President Rodolfo Nin Novoa, since then is part of the Frente Amplio.	Progressive Alliance	1999
inception	Chipidea was a Portuguese analog semiconductor IP design center, headquarterd in Oeiras, Greater Lisbon subregion, which had been founded in 1997 by José Epifânio da Franca.	Chipidea	1997
inception	All Ends is an alternative metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden, founded in 2003.	All Ends	2003
inception	The Front of Comrades for the Effectiveness and Transformation of Islamic Iran (Persian: جبهه یاران کارآمدی و تحول ایران اسلامی‎‎), known by the backronym YEKTA Front (Persian: جبهه یکتا‎‎, meaning Unique) is an Iranian principlist political group, formed in 2015.	YEKTA Front	2015
inception	As a result, Serbia formed a union with Montenegro in 1992, which broke apart in 2006, when Serbia again became an independent country.	Serbia	2006
inception	Statoil Fuel & Retail is a Norwegian energy retail company, formed by the 2010 separation of the downstream business of Statoil ASA into a separate listed company.	Statoil Fuel & Retail	2010
inception	St. Chux Derby Chix was started in August 2009 by five women from St. Charles, Missouri.	St. Chux Derby Chix	2009
inception	The United Irish League (UIL) was a nationalist political party in Ireland, launched 23 January 1898 with the motto ``The Land for the People'' .	United Irish League	1898
inception	Samsun B.K. is a women's basketball club based in Samsun, Turkey, founded in 2003.	Samsun B.K.	2003
inception	In 1968 the institute became a State university, the University of Salerno, and it has since seen a great increase in student numbers.	University of Salerno	1968
inception	The International Ombudsman Institute (I.O.I.) was established in 1978 as an independent global organisation to help more than 150 independent public sector local, regional and national Ombudsman institutions to cooperate.	International Ombudsman Institute	1978
inception	Indy PopCon is a pop culture convention that has been held at the Indiana Convention Center since 2014.	Indy PopCon	2014
inception	El Efecto is a Brazilian rock band, formed in 2002 by Tomás Rosati, Bruno Danton and Eduardo Baker.	El Efecto	2002
inception	Fighting and Entertainment Group (FEG) was the leading Japanese combat sport promoter founded on September 3, 2003.	Fighting and Entertainment Group	2003
inception	GenSpera president and CEO Craig Dionne, PhD, co-founded GenSpera in 2003.	GenSpera	2003
inception	Yookos is an online social networking site founded in 2011 by the leader of Christ Embassy International.	Yookos	2011
inception	The National University of Costa Rica was created in 1973 in the province of Heredia.	National University of Costa Rica	1973
inception	The Evangelical Reformed Church in America previously known as the Evangelical Reformed Church Association (ERCA) is a theologically conservative fellowship of Reformed churches and ministries, founded in 2006 in Minnesota.	Evangelical Reformed Church in America	2006
inception	The Council of Serbian Unity (Serbian: Сабор српског јединства, CCJ / Sabor srpskog jedinstva, SSJ) is a political party in Serbia, founded in 2013 by Borislav Pelević.	Council of Serbian Unity	2013
inception	The Founders Academy Foundation presented an application to the New Hampshire State Board of Education on July 18, 2013, seeking to open ``The Founders Academy Public Charter School'', with the purpose of providing a classical education for students in grades 6 through 12, educating them in good business practices and leadership skills.	The Founders Academy	2013
inception	The Mandhu Learning Centre was established in 1998, and later inaugurated as the Mandhu College in December 2009.	Mandhu College	1998
inception	EmperorLinux was founded in 1999 by Lincoln Durey, an EE Ph.D. from Tulane University.	EmperorLinux	1999
inception	Krasnoyarsk State University was founded in 1963 in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia.	Krasnoyarsk State University	1963
inception	The American Sociological Association (ASA), founded in 1905 as the American Sociological Society, is a non-profit organization dedicated to advancing the discipline and profession of sociology.	American Sociological Association	1905
inception	Japan Game Awards (日本ゲーム大賞, nihon gemu taisho) is the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry's awards ceremony for the Japanese video game industry created in 1996 as CESA Awards (Computer Entertainment Supplier's Association).	Japan Game Awards	1996
inception	The business was later bought by its management and changed its name to Good Energy in 2003.	Good Energy	2003
inception	Atlético Huila is a professional Colombian football team based in Neiva, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. Founded on November 29, 1990, it is one of the youngest professional football clubs in Colombia.	Atlético Huila	1990
inception	Ricola began in 1930 when Emil Wilhelm Richterich established Confiseriefabrik Richterich & Co. Laufen after the purchase of a small bakery in Laufen, just outside Basel.	Ricola	1930
inception	Premios Nuestra Tierra (``Our Homeland Awards'') is an annual music award ceremony in Colombia which began in 2007.	Premios Nuestra Tierra	2007
inception	Pagan Lorn was a well-known doom metal band in Luxembourg from 1994--1998.	Pagan Lorn	1994
inception	Justifide is a hard rock power-trio from Chandler, Arizona, founded in 1999.	Justifide	1999
inception	Rai 2 first started broadcasting on 4 November 1961.	Rai 2	1961
inception	The Ulster Unionist Party traces its formal existence back to the foundation of the Ulster Unionist Council in 1905.	Ulster Unionist Party	1905
inception	The first Al Tazaj restaurant opened in Mecca in 1989.	Al Tazaj	1989
inception	Later on, a national level of organization was formed called the Canadian Diabetes Association in 1953.	Canadian Diabetes Association	1953
inception	The Utah Grand Prix is a weekend of sports car and stock car races held since 2006 at Miller Motorsports Park in Tooele, Utah.	Utah Grand Prix	2006
inception	Stargate Studios is an American post-production studio founded in 1989 by cinematographer and special visual effects supervisor Sam Nicholson.	Stargate Studios	1989
inception	Jeremy and Molly Lent, a married couple, founded the company in 1996 as Internet Access Financial Corporation, later changing the name to NextCard in 1997.	NextCard	1997
inception	RTL Z started on 6 June 2001 as a joint venture between Holland Media Groep and Belgian Business Television.	RTL Z	2001
inception	A.T.Mödell is an electro-industrial Spanish band formed in 2009.	A.T.Mödell	2009
inception	Abu Dhabi Ports (Arabic: موانئ أبوظبي ‎) (formally Abu Dhabi Ports Company ADPC) was established in March, 2006 by Emiri Decree No. (6), as a master developer of ports and industrial zones in Abu Dhabi.	Abu Dhabi Ports	2006
inception	The Anti-Monopoly Party was a short-lived American political party established in 1884.	Anti-Monopoly Party	1884
inception	The building was then transformed into the Malacca Literature Museum which was officiated by Chief Minister Mohd Zin Abdul Ghani in 1984.	Malacca Literature Museum	1984
inception	Canadian Unitarians for Social Justice (CUSJ) (established in 1996) is a Canadian Unitarian Universalist social justice organization that is an associate member of the Canadian Unitarian Council.	Canadian Unitarians for Social Justice	1996
inception	Cassiya is one of the most popular sega music groups from Mauritius founded in 1988.	Cassiya	1988
inception	Young Adelaide Voices is a community choir formed in 1988.	Young Adelaide Voices	1988
inception	Xtreme Latin American Wrestling (XLAW or X-LAW) is a lucha libre professional wrestling promotion based in Mexico, founded in 2001 by wrestling journalist Ernesto Ocampo.	Xtreme Latin American Wrestling	2001
inception	Arsenal Credit Union was founded in August 1948 as Aero Chart Credit Union, organized to serve employees of a U.S. government agency then known as the Aero Chart Service, Plant and Store (now the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, or NGA).	Arsenal Credit Union	1948
inception	Hosjö Church was built in 1663 and consists of a small red wooden building with a tower.	Hosjö Church	1663
inception	Death Cab for Cutie is an American alternative rock band, formed in Bellingham, Washington in 1997.	Death Cab for Cutie	1997
inception	Leander Club, founded in 1818, is one of the oldest rowing clubs in the world.	Leander Club	1818
inception	Delhi Public School, Dhanbad, Jharkhand, India, was established in 1988 in collaboration with Bharat Coking Coal Limited.	Delhi Public School, Dhanbad	1988
inception	Super 8 Cynics started out in 2009 as a ``disparate group of session musicians'' put together by singer-songwriter Ady Hall as part of a solo musical project.	Super 8 Cynics	2009
inception	Honkytonk Homeslice began in the summer of 2004, when the trio was singing and playing at their campsite at Horning's Hideout, during a String Cheese-sponsored music festival in Oregon.	Honkytonk Homeslice	2004
inception	The United Reformed Churches in North America (URCNA) is a theologically conservative federation of Reformed churches, that was founded in 1996 in Lynwood, Illinois, with many churches having left the Christian Reformed Church in North America.	United Reformed Churches in North America	1996
inception	D&AD was founded in 1962 by a group of London-based designers and art directors including David Bailey, Terence Donovan and Alan Fletcher and Colin Forbes (who designed the original D&AD logo).	D&AD	1962
inception	Tristitia is a Swedish doom metal band formed in Halmstad, Sweden in 1992 by guitarist Luis Beethoven Galvez.	Tristitia	1992
inception	The Duquesne Brewing Company was a major brewery in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, from its founding in 1899 until its dissolution in 1972.	Duquesne Brewing Company	1899
inception	In 2004 founder and CEO Richard Gusella, a veteran in the oil sands, began to build Connacher Oil and Gas Limited in increments by purchasing ``one 10,000-barrel-per-day SAGD (steam-assisted gravity drainage) plant at a time,'' starting with underground oil sands leases south of Fort McMurray.	Connacher Oil and Gas	2004
inception	Netaji Subhash Ashram Mahavidyalaya, established in 1985, is the general degree college in Suisa, Purulia district.	Netaji Subhash Ashram Mahavidyalaya	1985
inception	The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) was founded in 1804 in London, England, as the Horticultural Society of London, and gained its present name in a Royal Charter granted in 1861.	Royal Horticultural Society	1804
inception	GameSim is an American video game developer founded in 2008 by Andrew Tosh.	GameSim	2008
inception	Derby Museum and Art Gallery was established in 1879, along with Derby Central Library, in a new building designed by Richard Knill Freeman and given to Derby by Michael Thomas Bass.	Derby Museum and Art Gallery	1879
inception	The University of Southern Denmark was established in 1998 when the Odense University, the Southern Denmark School of Business and Engineering and the South Jutland University Centre were merged.	University of Southern Denmark	1998
inception	Ruthless Order is a Russian progressive - death-power metal band formed in 2006.	Ruthless Order	2006
inception	Blackpool Seagulls are an English ice hockey team, founded in 1951, who played at the Pleasure Beach Ice Rink, Blackpool.	Blackpool Seagulls	1951
inception	STV Glasgow launched at 18:30 on Monday 2 June 2014, originally airing every day from midday until around midnight.	STV Glasgow	2014
inception	Action International Pictures (AIP) also known as West Side Studios, is a film production and distribution company founded in 1986.	Action International Pictures	1986
inception	Picastro is a rock band formed in 1998 in Toronto.	Picastro	1998
inception	The International Vale Tudo Championship is an MMA fighting promotion based in Brazil starting in 1997.	International Vale Tudo Championship	1997
inception	Robot Zonda is a pop rock band, formed in 2006 at Buenos Aires, composed of Kiko Robot (vocals), Mou Robot (guitar), Paky Robot (drums), Guido Robot (bass).	Robot Zonda	2006
inception	The Suditi Global Academy is an English medium residential cum day scholar coeducational school, located in District Mainpuri of Uttar Pradesh.The School was founded in 2009 and in just 5 years it reaches to the height of a great school in country.	Suditi Global Academy	2009
inception	WBTI went on the air in July 1991, owned by Timothy D. Martz of Martz Communications.	WBTI	1991
inception	The Florida Marine Raiders (formerly the Lakeland Raiders) were a professional indoor football team; though they began play in 2012 as a member of the Ultimate Indoor Football League, for 2014 they became a charter member of the X-League Indoor Football (X-League).	Florida Marine Raiders	2012
inception	Pombia Safari Park is a safari park, zoo and amusement park in Pombia, Piedmont, northern Italy, created by Angelo Lombardi in 1976; extending over an area of 400,000 square metres.	Pombia Safari Park	1976
inception	MxPx is an American punk rock band from Bremerton, Washington founded in 1992 as Magnified Plaid.	MxPx	1992
inception	Deep Sea Supply ASA was created in 2005 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange to build up a portfolio of North Sea and international operating supply vessels.	Deep Sea Supply	2005
inception	The National Students' Union of India (NSUI) is the student wing of the Indian National Congress party, formed on 9 April 1971.	National Students' Union of India	9 April 1971
inception	Carousel Productions organized and launched the first Miss Earth beauty pageant in 2001 as an international environmental event with the mission of channeling the beauty pageant entertainment industry as an effective tool to actively promote the preservation of the environment.	Miss Earth	2001
inception	ESIEE Management (previously named ISTM or Institut Supérieur de Technologie et de Management) is a French business school created in 1995.	ESIEE Management	1995
inception	The Rescues are an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2008.	The Rescues	2008
inception	Ravenous Records, a division of Ravenous Entertainment, was formed in 1998 by Jim Steinman and Steven Rinkoff.	Ravenous Records	1998
inception	The Félix Houphouët-Boigny Peace Prize was established in 1990 by UNESCO: ``to honour living individuals and active public or private bodies or institutions that have made a significant contribution to promoting, seeking, safeguarding or maintaining peace in conformity with the Charter of the United Nations and the Constitution of UNESCO.''	Félix Houphouët-Boigny Peace Prize	1990
inception	The Loyola University Museum of Art (LUMA), which opened in the fall of 2005, is unique among Chicago's many museums for mounting exhibits that explore the spiritual in art from all cultures, faiths, and eras.	Loyola University Museum of Art	2005
inception	Capita was formed in 1984 as a division of the non-profit CIPFA (Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy).	Capita	1984
inception	The Sheepdogs are a Canadian rock and roll band formed in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in 2006.	The Sheepdogs	2006
inception	The Verve were an English rock band formed in Wigan in 1990 by lead vocalist Richard Ashcroft, guitarist Nick McCabe, bass guitarist Simon Jones and drummer Peter Salisbury.	The Verve	1990
inception	The Government of New South Wales established Jervis Bay Marine Park in 1998 and the current zoning plan has been in place since 1 October 2002.	Jervis Bay Marine Park	1998
inception	The Stuppach Madonna (German: Stuppacher Madonna) is a 1514 - 1519 painting of the Madonna and Child by the German Renaissance painter Matthias Grünewald.	Stuppach Madonna	1514
inception	The resulting dark-coloured, sweet-and-sour syrup Kofo became the main ingredient of a new soft drink named Kofola introduced in 1960.	Kofola	1960
inception	Scottish Television (now, legally, known as STV Central Ltd and referred to on-air as STV) is Scotland's largest ITV franchisee, and has held the ITV franchise for Central Scotland since 31 August 1957.	Scottish Television	31 August 1957
inception	Sylvan Esso is an American indie pop duo from Durham, North Carolina formed in 2013.	Sylvan Esso	2013
inception	Luna Sea (stylized as LUNA SEA) is a Japanese rock band formed in Kanagawa Prefecture in 1986.	Luna Sea	1986
inception	KBGA was established by an organization of students headed by Craig J. Altmaier and has been on the air, serving its community since August 23, 1996.	KBGA	1996
inception	Founded in 1971, Ilosaarirock is the second oldest rock festival in Finland still active, and one of the oldest in Europe.	Ilosaarirock	1971
inception	Earl Tupper invented the plastic for Tupperware already in 1938, but the product only worked with the emergence of the sale through presentation in a party setting.	Tupperware	1938
inception	Veteran Bandit, which is not a charity itself, was formed in June 2011 by former RAF servicemen and their families -- all long-time fundraisers.	Veteran Bandit	2011
inception	SpaceDev was founded in 1997 by Jim Benson, who acquired Integrated Space Systems of Southern California and then acquired a dormant publicly traded Colorado corporation through a reverse acquisition to create the publicly traded SpaceDev.	SpaceDev	1997
inception	The Scottish Arts Council was formed in 1994 following a restructuring of the Arts Council of Great Britain, but had existed as an autonomous body since a royal charter of 1967.	Scottish Arts Council	1994
inception	Fields of the Nephilim are an English gothic rock band formed in Stevenage, Hertfordshire, England in 1984.	Fields of the Nephilim	1984
inception	It was built by Peter Canlis in 1950, and remains family-owned.	Canlis	1950
inception	The company was formed in 1943 by the merger of Consolidated Aircraft and Vultee Aircraft, and went on to produce pioneering aircraft such as the Convair B-36 bomber, the F-102 Delta Dagger and the F-106 Delta Dart.	Convair	1943
inception	The Australian Army Public Relations Service (AAPRS) was formed in 1994 from personnel of the Royal Australian Army Educational Corps.	Australian Army Public Relations Service	1994
inception	The Hull York Medical School (HYMS) is a medical school in England which took its first intake of students in 2003.	Hull York Medical School	2003
inception	The Duchy of Prussia (German: Herzogtum Preußen, Polish: Księstwo Pruskie) or Ducal Prussia (German: Herzogliches Preußen, Polish: Prusy Książęce) was a duchy in eastern Prussia established during the Protestant Reformation in 1525.	Duchy of Prussia	1525
inception	Originally called DPC (Digital Playout Centre GmbH), SES Platform Services was founded in 1996 by Kirch, a German media company.	SES Platform Services	1996
inception	Arizmendi Bakery came out of the Cheese Board Collective, forming in 1997.	Arizmendi Bakery	1997
inception	The Order of Australia is an order of chivalry established on 14 February 1975 by Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia, to recognise Australian citizens and other persons for achievement or meritorious service.	Order of Australia	14 February 1975
inception	Formed in 2003 in Tucson, Arizona, USA, The Mean Reds released one full-length LP, three EPs and a split album (with DVD) with notable Los Angeles, California rock band Wires On Fire.	Mean Reds	2003
inception	The Hong Kong Bar Association (HKBA) (Chinese: 香港大律師公會) is the professional regulatory body for barristers in Hong Kong, and was founded in 1949.	Hong Kong Bar Association	1949
inception	Near East University Hospital officially opened its doors to public on 20 July 2010 with a grand opening party that hosted Turkish Minister of Justice, Cemil Cicek, and Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus President Dervis Eroglu.	Near East University Hospital	2010
inception	Travel Channel (originally The Travel Channel from 1987 to 1999) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that is owned as a joint venture between Scripps Networks Interactive (which owns 65% of the network) and Cox Communications (which owns the remaining 35% interest).	Travel Channel	1987
inception	Julian Casablancas and the Voidz (stylised as Julian Casablancas+The Voidz and occasionally JCVZ), or simply The Voidz or Voidz, are an American rock band formed 2013 as a project of Julian Casablancas of The Strokes.	Julian Casablancas+The Voidz	2013
inception	Kögel Trailer GmbH & Co.KG with its headquarters in Gersthofen was founded originally in 1934 by Franz Xaver Kögel, and they are one of the largest manufacturers of commercial vehicles, amongst other things for trailers and semi-trailers.	Kögel Trailer	1934
inception	The Queensland Crime Commission (QCC) was an independent Queensland Government entity established on 2 March 1998 to investigate criminal activity, in particular, criminal paedophilia and major and organised crime.	Queensland Crime Commission	1998
inception	Unit 187 is a Canadian industrial band, started by John Morgan and Tod Law in 1994.	Unit 187	1994
inception	The National Bahujan Congress is a political party in India, founded in November 2008 as Yogendra Makwana (a former Union Minister and dalit leader) broke away from the Indian National Congress.	National Bahujan Congress	2008
inception	Brooklyn College Academy, founded in 1986 in a partnership between the then Board of Education and Brooklyn College, served as an alternative school--a program which was created to help older high school students that have not done well in other settings.	Brooklyn College Academy	1986
inception	Founded on February 1, 1994, MindSpring merged with EarthLink on February 4, 2000, with the company retaining the EarthLink name.	MindSpring	1994
inception	Founded in London by British entrepreneur Simon Fuller in 1999 as the music division of 19 Entertainment, 19 Recordings is one of the top record imprints as compiled by Billboard in 2012.	19 Recordings	1999
inception	The company has been founded by Léon Grosse in 1881 in Aix-Les-Bains.	Léon Grosse	1881
inception	Caruso St John is an architectural firm established in 1990 by Adam Caruso and Peter St John.	Caruso St John	1990
inception	It was expected to be completed in August 2010, but due to strategic location and growing demands for commercial establishments in San Pablo, it was upgraded into SM City San Pablo last April 28, 2010.	SM City San Pablo	2010
inception	The Thuuz website was launched September 2010 to help sports fans solve the problem of information overload by identifying the best content ``...like your buddy who calls and tells you there's a great game going on,'' according to Thuuz CEO Warren Packard.	Thuuz	2010
inception	Insilicos is a life science software company founded in 2002 by Erik Nilsson, Brian Pratt and Bryan Prazen.	Insilicos	2002
inception	Waltari was formed in 1986 in Helsinki, Finland, by Kärtsy Hatakka (vocals and bass), Jariot Lehtinen (guitars) and Sale Suomalainen (drums).	Waltari	1986
inception	Nasim Sdn Bhd (NSB), a member of Naza Group of Companies, involved in automobiles industry was founded in 1997.	Nasim Sdn Bhd	1997
inception	Delta-S is a Christian industrial / progressive trance band formed in Camarillo, California in 1995.	Delta-S	1995
inception	Founded in 1999, Jolt Online Gaming was based in Europe, with servers across the USA.	Jolt Online Gaming	1999
inception	The Tower Commission was commissioned on 1 December 1986 by U.S. President Ronald Reagan in response to the Iran Contra scandal.	Tower Commission	1 December 1986
inception	The Hollywood Film Awards are an American motion picture award ceremony held annually since 1997, usually in October or November.	Hollywood Film Awards	1997
inception	Marxist-Leninist Party (Communist Reconstruction) (Spanish: Partido Marxista-leninista (Reconstrucción Comunista), originally Spanish: Reconstrucción Comunista, RC) is a Marxist-Leninist and Hoxhaist political party operating in Spain, officially registered since 2014.	Marxist-Leninist Party (Communist Reconstruction)	2014
inception	Established in 1970 as a partnership between synthetic rubber maker FATE, businessman José Ber Gelbard, and other private investors, Aluar obtained an exclusive licence to produce aluminum from the military regime of General Alejandro Lanusse, who sought to make Argentina self-sufficient in the critical industrial staple.	Aluar	1970
inception	The Varman dynasty (350-650), the first historical rulers of Kamarupa; was established by Pushya Varman, a contemporary of Samudragupta.	Varman dynasty	350
inception	Straftanz was a German electronic dance music project, established in the summer of 2006.	Straftanz	2006
inception	E-Artsup is a French private university created in 2001 and specialized in digital creativity and multimedia.	E-Artsup	2001
inception	The Four-Coalition (Czech: Čtyřkoalice), also translated as the Coalition of Four or Quad-Coalition, abbreviated to 4K, was a liberal centre-right political alliance in the Czech Republic between 1998 and 2002.	Four-Coalition	1998
inception	It was established in 2003 as a result of the merger of Ålands yrkeshögskola and Ålands högskola (both names can be translated into English as Åland University of Applied Sciences).	Åland University of Applied Sciences	2003
inception	Emercy (pronounced as ``em-er-see'') is an international, inter-denominational, non-profit Christian missionary organization founded in 1999 by Joshua Jones.	Emercy	1999
inception	The Russian Organization for Intellectual Property VOIS (Russian: Всероссийская организация интеллектуальной собственности, ВОИС) is collective management society for neighboring rights established by Russian performers and labels in 2008.	Russian Organization for Intellectual Property	2008
inception	The Royal Iraqi Air Force (RIrAF) considered its founding day as 22 April 1931, when the first pilots flew in from training in the United Kingdom.	Iraqi Air Force	22 April 1931
inception	Ribspreader was formed in June 2002 by Rogga Johansson and Andreas Karlsson, both also of Paganizer.	Ribspreader	2002
inception	Toxic Narcotic is an American crust punk band from Boston, Massachusetts who formed in 1989.	Toxic Narcotic	1989
inception	Founded in 1995 by Grace-Marie Turner, the Galen Institute's stated mission is ``advancing free-market ideas in health policy, promoting a more informed public debate over ideas that support innovation, individual freedom, consumer choice, and competition in the health sector''.	Galen Institute	1995
inception	Ahlstrom was started in 1908, and originates from the family saw mill, iron and shipping business of Antti Ahlström established in 1851.	Ahlstrom	1851
inception	After an interest to protect the area, on 7 July 1985 an area of 7,128 hectares (17,610 acres) was gazetted as the Mann River Nature Reserve.	Mann River Nature Reserve	1985
inception	The Ulster Youth Jazz Orchestra was formed in 1993 by Ken Jordan after a series of summer courses held in the Crescent Arts Centre, Belfast.	Ulster Youth Jazz Orchestra	1993
inception	Stockland was founded in 1952 by Albert Scheinberg and Ervin Graf, with a vision to ``not merely achieve growth and profits but to make a worthwhile contribution to the development of our cities and great country''.	Stockland	1952
inception	Manifesteange Metamorphose temps de fille (Shortened to Metamorphose temps de fille, Metamorphose or Meta) is the name of a Japanese clothing boutique chain created in 1997 by the current president of Metamorphose and its designer, Kuniko Kato.	Manifesteange Metamorphose temps de fille	1997
inception	In 2003, SoundExchange became a wholly independent non-profit organization.	SoundExchange	2003
inception	Cadacross was a Finnish melodic death metal band formed in 1997.	Cadacross	1997
inception	BHi Music Group (AKA BHiMG) was founded in late 2013 by Christian Cedras and Krista Retto, along with, Dick Wingate.	BHi Music Group	2013
inception	The Sondervick College was founded in 1995 consisting of the following schools:	Sondervick College	1995
inception	In July 1998, Scholl and Seton merged to become Seton Scholl plc. In 1999, Seton Scholl and LIG merged to become Seton Scholl London International Group plc, shortened to SSL International.	SSL International	1999
inception	English Nature was the United Kingdom government agency that promoted the conservation of wildlife, geology and wild places throughout England between 1990 and 2006.	English Nature	1990
inception	Founded in 1880 by Mathias Hatz, the company began to build engines in 1904.	Hatz	1880
inception	The Asturian Wikipedia (Before Uiquipedia n'asturianu and now Wikipedia n'asturianu) is the Asturian language edition of Wikipedia started in July 2004.	Asturian Wikipedia	2004
inception	The Royal University of Bhutan (Dzongkha: འབྲུག་རྒྱལ་འཛིན་གཙུག་ལག་སློབ་སྡེ་; Wylie: 'brug rgyal-'dzin gtsug-lag-slob-sde), founded on June 2, 2003 by a royal decree, is the national university system of Bhutan.	Royal University of Bhutan	2003
inception	St George's Anglican Grammar School opened in January 2015 as the 14th school of the Anglican Schools Commission (ASC).	St George's Anglican Grammar School	2015
inception	On July 3, 1991, the autonomous oblast was elevated to the status of the Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic of Karachay-Cherkessia (under the jurisdiction of the Russian SFSR).	Karachay-Cherkessia	1991
inception	Chicago Public Art Group (originally, Chicago Muralists Group) is a non profit cultural organization in Chicago that organizes and promotes creation of community public art. The Group was founded in 1971 and has been involved in the creation of hundreds of artworks in and around the city.	Chicago Public Art Group	1971
inception	The German Basketball Federation itself was then was founded on October 1, 1949, in Düsseldorf, Germany.	German Basketball Federation	1949
inception	Campaign for Working Families is a conservative organization founded in 1998 that, through its old political action committee, claimed to be a bipartisan organization, although their political contribution practices reveal them to be Republican.	Campaign for Working Families	1998
inception	Kildare Partners was founded in London in 2013 by Ellis Short, with further offices in Dublin, Ireland and Dallas, Texas, focused on real estate in western Europe.	Kildare Partners	2013
inception	Dunlop Standard Aerospace Group Ltd was formed in 1998 from the assets of BTR Aerospace Group when they were purchased by Doughty Hanson & Co. In 2004 the company was sold and split into two.	Dunlop Standard Aerospace Group	1998
inception	Breyer Animal Creations was founded in 1950 in Chicago, Illinois, originally called Breyer Molding Company.	Breyer Animal Creations	1950
inception	MTR Western was founded in Seattle, Washington in 2003 by Darren Berg with four Prevost H3-45 motorcoaches.	MTR Western	2003
inception	Greenmuseum.org is a nonprofit online museum of environmental art. Since its launch in 2001, greenmuseum.org has become a source for information about this global art movement, which includes eco-art (or ecological art), land art, art in nature and related terms.	Greenmuseum.org	2001
inception	Auto Windscreens was established in 2011 after the collapse of the previous company, which had operated since 1971.	Auto Windscreens	2011
inception	Care for the Wild International is an animal charity, a non-governmental organization established in 1984 and based in the United Kingdom.	Care for the Wild International	1984
inception	The American Peace Society is a pacifist group founded upon the initiative of William Ladd, in New York City, May 8, 1828.	American Peace Society	1828
inception	ET Solar is a solar cell manufacturer established in 2005.	ET Solar	2005
inception	Altern-8 was formed in Stafford in 1990, as a side project to the already successful Nexus 21 (a name chosen because of its ``futuristic house sound''), when both members were aged 21.	Altern-8	1990
inception	UMAA has held annual conventions since 2002 in Washington DC and Toronto, Canada.	UMAA	2002
inception	The Glasgow University Dialectic Society, re-instituted in 1861, is a student society at the University of Glasgow, Scotland, committed to the promotion of debating, logic, ethics and literary discussion at the University.	Glasgow University Dialectic Society	1861
inception	Kiwi Yogurt is a franchise of frozen yogurt outlets which started in 2008 in Cherry Hill, New Jersey.	Kiwi Yogurt	2008
inception	Founded in 1998 (being previously a part of the University of Salerno), The University of Sannio is a modern and dynamic institution in constant evolution.	University of Sannio	1998
inception	The Korea Institute of Public Administration (KIPA) is a government-sponsored research institute in South Korea, established in October 1991.	Korea Institute of Public Administration	1991
inception	The Donots are a rock band from Germany, formed in 1993 in Ibbenbüren.	Donots	1993
inception	College of the Atlantic (COA), founded in 1969, is a private, liberal-arts college located in Bar Harbor on Mount Desert Island, Maine, United States.	College of the Atlantic	1969
inception	Founded following the resolution passed by the Municipal Council Board of Venice on March 3rd 2008, the Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia (MUVE) manages and develops the cultural and artistic heritage of Venice and islands.	Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia	2008
inception	ThinkFilm (stylized as TH!NKFilm) was a U.S. film distribution company founded in September 2001.	ThinkFilm	2001
inception	The Reichsnährstand was founded by the Reichsnahrstandsgesetz (decree) of 13 September 1933; it was led by R. Walther Darré.	Reichsnährstand	1933
inception	Róðrarfelagið Knørrur is a Faroese rowing club in Tórshavn, which was founded on 28 February 1985.	Róðrarfelagið Knørrur	1985
inception	The Advance Australia Party (AAP), originally known as the Rex Connor Labor Party, is a minor political party in Australia, was founded in 1988 by the son of former Whitlam Government Minister, Rex Connor after leaving the Australian Labor Party.	Advance Australia Party	1988
inception	In 2010, Alma Mater Europaea was officially established, with Felix Unger being appointed as its first president, while the German political scientist Werner Weidenfeld became the first rector, and the Slovenian lawyer and diplomat Ludvik Toplak the first prorector.	Alma Mater Europaea	2010
inception	Founded in 1994, Wauton Samuel became a limited company in 1999 and operates in the same market as larger companies such as SIMS.net.	Wauton Samuel	1994
inception	Afra Airlines was a privately owned Ghanaian airline, established in 2003 in Accra.	Afra Airlines	2003
inception	Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust is a Mumbai-based NGO that works with the injecting drug using community since 1995, preventing HIV/AIDS through education and needle-exchange programme & disposals.	Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust	1995
inception	Hunter Valentine is an alternative rock band formed in 2004 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Hunter Valentine	2004
inception	Estonian Academy of Security Sciences (Estonian: Sisekaitseakadeemia) is a public vocational university in Estonia, established on 15 April 1992.	Estonian Academy of Security Sciences	1992
inception	The first meeting of the German bishops took place in Würzburg in 1848, and in 1867 the Fulda Conference of Bishops (``next to the grave of St. Boniface'') was established, which reorganized as German Bishops' Conference in 1966.	German Bishops' Conference	1848
inception	The Vancouver Art Gallery was founded in 1931 and had its first home at 1145 West Georgia Street.	Vancouver Art Gallery	1931
inception	The Delaware Historical Society began in 1864 as an effort to preserve documents from the Civil War.	Delaware Historical Society	1864
inception	RiskVal Financial Solutions was founded by current President and CEO Jordan Hu in 2001.	RiskVal	2001
inception	In July 1945, the original Czarni Słupsk team was formed, by railway workers who moved from Krakow to Słupsk after World War II. The club was originated as a association football club, but in 1989 the basketball section was founded.	Czarni Słupsk	1989
inception	The origins of the Waldhaus go back to the foundation in 1869 of the ``Waldhaus-Flims cure and lake-bathing establishment'' (``Kur- und Seebadanstalt Waldhaus Flims'').	Waldhaus Flims	1869
inception	The New York City Master Chorale (NYCMC) is a 60-person non-profit chorus founded in 2005 and directed by Dr. Thea Kano with the mission ``to make a significant statement for choral excellence.''	New York City Master Chorale	2005
inception	Radical Dance Faction (RDF) were founded by Chris Bowsher in Hungerford in 1986, and were originally known as 'Military Surplus'.	Radical Dance Faction	1986
inception	Pi Studios was a computer game software developer founded in 2002 by Robert Erwin, John Faulkenbury, Rob Heironimus, Dan Kramer and Peter Mack whose first commercial work can be found in Activision's Call of Duty:	Pi Studios	2002
inception	Following a feasibility trip to the US and seeing the work of New Leaders, The Future Leaders Trust was set up in 2006 as an independent charity by Absolute Return for Kids, National College for Teaching and Leadership, and The Schools Network.	The Future Leaders Trust	2006
inception	GraphicAudio began in 2004 and is a subdivision of The Cutting Corporation, Inc. The Cutting Corporation, an audio production facility, has been around since 1971.	GraphicAudio	2004
inception	The channel launched on April 4, 2006 as ATN B4U Music initially on Rogers Cable.	ATN B4U Music	2006
inception	Comarit operated a freight and passenger ferry service between Morocco and Spain, France and Italy from 1984 to 2012.	Comarit	1984
inception	The Stunning are an Irish rock band formed in 1987.	The Stunning	1987
inception	WCKD-LP went on the air April 16, 1994 as W30BF, carrying PBS programming as part of Maine Public Television Plus, the state's secondary public television network.	WCKD-LP	1994
inception	The Prize was originally known as the ABR Short Story Competition when it was established in 2010, however the ABR renamed the award 'in honour of Elizabeth Jolley, and first awarded it under its new name, the ABR Elizabeth Jolley Short Story Prize, in 2011'.	Elizabeth Jolley Short Story Prize	2010
inception	CipherCloud was founded in 2010 by Pravin Kothari, who previously co-founded ArcSight.	CipherCloud	2010
inception	West Yorkshire came into existence as a metropolitan county in 1974 after the passage of the Local Government Act 1972.	West Yorkshire	1974
inception	Monrose was a German pop girl group, first established in November 2006.	Monrose	2006
inception	Higher State is a dance record company and music publishing company founded in 1992 by House music producers and DJs Dillon & Dickins (Marc Dillon & Patrick Dickins) which incorporates the three record labels Higher State, 99 North and 99 Degrees.	Higher State	1992
inception	Tone Dogs was an avant-prog group founded in 1987 by bassist Fred Chalenor and vocalist/saxophonist Amy Denio, who comprised the nucleus of the band.	Tone Dogs	1987
inception	The first Global Peter Drucker Forum was held on November 19, 2009, marking what would have been the 100th birthday of the late Peter Drucker.	Global Peter Drucker Forum	2009
inception	A&W Cream Soda is a cream soda carbonated soft drink introduced by A&W Root Beer in 1986.	A&W Cream Soda	1986
inception	TÜV SÜD's roots date back to the first steam boiler inspection association, founded by steam boiler operators in 1866 in Mannheim as a private-sector regulatory body.	TÜV SÜD	1866
inception	Ala Littoria was formed in 1934 by a merger of Società Aerea Mediterranea (SAM), Società Anonima Navigazione Aerea (SANA), Società Italiana Servizi Aerei (SISA) and Aero Espresso Italiana (AEI).	Ala Littoria	1934
inception	The Ljubljana International Film Festival (also known as LIFFe) is an international film festival established in 1990 and held annually in Ljubljana, Slovenia.	Ljubljana International Film Festival	1990
inception	Kabul Dreams is an indie rock band formed in Kabul, Afghanistan in 2008.	Kabul Dreams	2008
inception	The station first took its callsign WANJ on July 10, 1995 and then changed to its current WNRN on March 29, 1996.	WNRN	1996
inception	Grays Harbor Historical Seaport Authority is a government authority created in 1986 by the city of Aberdeen, Washington as a 501(c)(3) corporation.	Grays Harbor Historical Seaport Authority	1986
inception	Vanguard Airlines started service in 1994.	Vanguard Airlines	1994
inception	Lady Bunny said that 2001's Wigstock would be the last, but in 2003, 2004, and 2005, Wigstock and Bunny returned to Tompkins Square, this time under the auspices of the Howl Festival.	Wigstock	2003
inception	Blackwater Elite is a professional basketball team owned by Ever Bilena Cosmetics, Inc. that is playing in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) beginning in the 2014--2015 season.	Blackwater Elite	2014
inception	The Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization, generally known as the Heinlein Prize, was founded in 1988 to reward individuals who make practical contributions to the commercialization of space.	Heinlein Prize for Advances in Space Commercialization	1988
inception	Hip Hop TV is an Italian Music TV channel devoted to hip hop, rap and rhythm and blues music, launched in Italy on SKY Italia channel 720 on October 1, 2008 with the song Laffy Taffy by D4L.	Hip Hop TV	2008
inception	American Siren is a beauty contest started November 2010.	American Siren	2010
inception	Math for America (MƒA) is a nonprofit organization, founded in January 2004 by mathematician Jim Simons with a mission to improve mathematics education in United States public schools by recruiting, training, and retaining highly qualified secondary school mathematics teachers.	Math for America	2004
inception	Negotiations started in 1914, and on 12 January 1915 Gnome bought out Le Rhône to form Société des Moteurs Gnome et Rhône.	Gnome et Rhône	1915
inception	The station is currently owned by Crawford Broadcasting Company and licensed to subsidiary Kiertron, Inc. KCBC was formerly KPLA and was News/Talk from 1991 until 1993.	KCBC	1991
inception	The Animation Show is a touring festival of animated short films that was first held in fall 2003.	The Animation Show	2003
inception	Vulcan Capital Management (not to be confused with Vulcan Inc. and its investment arm Vulcan Capital founded by Paul Allen) was founded in May 1997 by Ford Graham and Kevin Davis, and maintains principal offices in New York, NY and Houston, TX.	Vulcan Capital Management	1997
inception	United Streetcar, LLC, was an American manufacturer of modern streetcars, located in the Clackamas area in the southeastern suburbs of Portland, Oregon, founded in 2005.	United Streetcar	2005
inception	The Ação Libertadora Nacional (ALN), the National Liberation Action, was a Brazilian communist guerrilla movement formed in the last months of 1967 to stand against the military dictatorship of 1964--1985.	Ação Libertadora Nacional	1964
inception	Pro TV (Romanian pronunciation: (proteˈve)) is the third Romanian private TV Channel (after the now-defunct Tele7ABC and Antena 1), launched in December 1995 that reaches almost 99% of Romania's 21.5 million people and has 48% of its broadcast schedule comprising locally produced programs.	Pro TV	1995
inception	Taibah University (Arabic: جامعة طيبة‎) is a university in Medina, Saudi Arabia, established in 2003.	Taibah University	2003
inception	Rotana Media Services also known by its initials RMS (or rms) is the media marketing and advertising wing of Rotana Group established in 2004 and provides advertising services and comprehensive media services to the various radio stations and television channels run by Rotana.	Rotana Media Services	2004
inception	The Women of Color Resource Center is an American civic organization founded in 1990 by executive director Linda Burnham, a long time activist and author.	Women of Color Resource Center	1990
inception	Eastern Conference Champions (also known as ECC) was formed by Joshua Ostrander and Greg Lyons in 2005, shortly after leaving the rock band Laguardia.	Eastern Conference Champions	2005
inception	The University of the Balearic Islands (Catalan: Universitat de les Illes Balears, UIB; IPA: (univərsiˈtad də ɫəz ˈiʎəz βəɫəˈas); Spanish: Universidad de las Islas Baleares) is a Balearic Spanish university, founded in 1978 and located in Palma on the island of Majorca.	University of the Balearic Islands	1978
inception	Seagull Book & Tape was founded in 1987 by V. Lewis Kofford, the owner of LDS publisher Covenant Communications.	Seagull Book	1987
inception	Ashbury Heights is an electronic music band formed in 2005 in Sundsvall, Medelpad, Sweden.	Ashbury Heights	2005
inception	The title Duke of York was first created in the Peerage of England in 1385 for Edmund of Langley, the fourth surviving son of Edward III, and an important character in Shakespeare's Richard II. His son Edward, who inherited the title, was killed at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415.	Duke of York	1385
inception	Minimal Wave Records is a New York City based independent record label founded by Veronica Vasicka in 2005.	Minimal Wave Records	2005
inception	The Newberry Library is an independent research library, specializing in the humanities and located in Chicago, Illinois, that has been free and open to the public since 1887.	Newberry Library	1887
inception	Tallac Records is the label created in 2004 by the French rapper Booba.	Tallac Records	2004
inception	1947 saw the establishment of Verbund as ``Österreichische Elektrizitätswirtschafts-AG'' through the second nationalization act.	Verbund	1947
inception	Madball was founded in 1988 and featured most of Agnostic Front's members.	Madball	1988
inception	Aero Commander was an aircraft manufacturer formed in 1944.	Aero Commander	1944
inception	The station's broadcast license is held by Big South Community Broadcasting, Inc. Launched in 2008 under the ``WJBE'' call sign, WJBE-FM serves Alabama's Walker and Winston Counties.	WJBE-FM	2008
inception	Free University of Ireland (Saor-Ollscoil na hÉireann) is an independent university in Prussia Street, Dublin, Ireland established in 1986 by a small group of educationalists including Daragh Smyth, Paul John Cannon, Kevin O'Byrne, Padraig O'Fiannachta, and Mairéad Ní Chíosóig.	Free University of Ireland	1986
inception	Gibbard started the project in the spring of 1997, and a series of recordings resulted in two lo-fi EPs, ¡All-Time Quarterback! and The Envelope Sessions, released in 1999 on Elsinor Records, which was documenting the Bellingham, Washington music scene.	¡All-Time Quarterback!	1997
inception	Africadoc was founded in 2002, initially expanding within French-speaking African countries.	Africadoc	2002
inception	Palestina, Peru is a town in the district and province of Purús in the Ucayali Region of Peru, founded in 1994.	Palestina, Peru	1994
inception	Serra Macaense Futebol Clube, usually known as Serra Macaense, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Macaé, Rio de Janeiro state, founded on December 29, 1992.	Serra Macaense Futebol Clube	1992
inception	The Arthur Rense Prize was established in 1998 when Paige Rense started the award of $20,000 in memory of her husband, the sportswriter and poet Arthur Rense.	Arthur Rense Prize	1998
inception	Sven Gali was a hard rock/glam metal band which originally started as a cover band in 1987 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Sven Gali	1987
inception	In 1998, the Theoretical and the Clinical parts of this institute segregated and the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology became an independent institute.	Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology	1998
inception	In 1996, the first Pizza Capers store opened in suburb Kenmore, Queensland and a year later, in 1997, another store opened in Toowong, another suburb in Queensland.	Pizza Capers	1996
inception	Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana was built in 1996 in order to begin production of a full-size pickup truck solely for the U.S. Market.	Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana	1996
inception	The Doug Moran National Portrait Prize is an annual Australian portrait prize founded by Doug Moran in 1988, the year of Australia's Bicentenary.	Doug Moran National Portrait Prize	1988
inception	The Don Cossacks Choir Russia (Хор Донских казаков России, 1992) is a Russian folk choir of returned exiles and native Russian cossacks led by the Dutch conductor Marcel Verhoeff (Russian; Марсель Верхуфф).	Don Cossacks Choir Russia	1992
inception	Koktebel Jazz Festival (KJF) kicked off in 2003 as an attempt to revive Koktebel's status as the cultural center of the region, back at its days famous all over the country.	Koktebel Jazz Festival	2003
inception	Diet Coke with Citrus Zest is produced by the Coca-Cola Company and was introduced in 2007.	Diet Coke with Citrus Zest	2007
inception	World Changers Academy was founded in August 2002 by Sizwe Mthembu (a pastor, former teacher and businessman from northern KwaZulu Natal) and Joe White (an American who lived for five years in KwaNyuswa, a semi-rural Zulu community near Durban, doing community empowerment work).	World Changers Academy	2002
inception	In May 2004, Genworth Financial was formed out of various insurance businesses of General Electric in the largest IPO of that year.	Genworth Financial	May 2004
inception	Based on the coral reproduction research of Dr. Dirk Petersen at the Rotterdam Zoo (The Netherlands), SECORE was born in 2002.	SECORE	2002
inception	Gjøvik University College was established 1 August 1994 in the town of Gjøvik when two governmental colleges Gjøvik College of Engineering and Oppland College of Nursing were combined as part of the a large reform of Norway's colleges.	Gjøvik University College	1994
inception	City of Bristol Choir was formed in 1991 by Malcolm Archer (now organist and director of music at Winchester College).	City of Bristol Choir	1991
inception	The NAPA Auto Parts 200 Presented by Dodge (French title: NAPA Pièces d'auto 200 présenté par Dodge) was a NASCAR Nationwide Series race that took place at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Quebec, Canada from 2007 to 2012.	NAPA Auto Parts 200	2007
inception	Russian Armenia is the period of Armenian history under Russian rule from 1828, when Eastern Armenia became part of the Russian Empire following Qajar Iran's loss in the Russo-Persian War (1826--1828) and the subsequent ceding of its territories that included Eastern Armenia per the out coming Treaty of Turkmenchay of 1828.	Russian Armenia	1828
inception	Queer Nation is an LGBTQ activist organization founded in March 1990 in New York City, by HIV/AIDS activists from ACT UP.	Queer Nation	March 1990
inception	The Xiamen International Marathon, which began in 2003 and is deemed by the IAAF as a Gold Label Road Race, is famous for its coastal scenic course.	Xiamen International Marathon	2003
inception	Athens 98.4 FM (Greek: Αθήνα 9.84) is the first non-state radio station to begin broadcasting in Greece in 1987.	Athens 98.4 FM	1987
inception	Hazakim started making music in 1997.	Hazakim	1997
inception	The Mess was a French girl band who took part in season 5 of French reality television series Popstars in 2013 on French channel D8 winning the final on 2 July 2013 against eventual runner-up, the electro pop-rock duo Oslo made up of Eugénie and Vincent.	The Mess	2013
inception	Globe Trade Centre S.A. (GTC) is a real estate development company established in 1994.	Globe Trade Centre	1994
inception	Moonlife first appeared in 1999 performing live shows in California, USA, and releasing music on mp3.com.	Moonlife	1999
inception	The National Forum on Europe (Irish: Fóram Náisiúnta um an Eoraip) was established by Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, TD, in the aftermath of the rejection of the Treaty of Nice by the Irish people in 2001.	National Forum on Europe	2001
inception	The Western Sizzlers are an American band established in 2013 by ex Georgia Satellites manager Kevin Jennings and guitarist/singer of the Satellites, Rick Richards.	The Western Sizzlers	2013
inception	Restore and Build Kenya (RBK) is a Kenyan political party launched in April 2012 by former Permanent Secretary Professor James ole Kiyiapi as part of his campaign to become the fourth President of Kenya.	Restore and Build Kenya	2012
inception	The Association Arcadie was founded in 1954 as the first homophile group in French history.	Arcadie	1954
inception	Cradleboard Teaching Project, founded in 1997 by singer/song-writer Buffy Sainte-Marie, has developed a curriculum that aims to raise self-identity and self-esteem in present and future generations of Indian children by introducing them to enriching, accurate information about Native American people and cultures.	Cradleboard Teaching Project	1997
inception	Ningbo University was established in 1986 by the donation of Yue-Kong Pao.	Ningbo University	1986
inception	Raul Cortina, his brother and uncle started Cortina Cycles in Mexico in 1955, in a small bike shop in Mexico City.	Cortina Cycles	1955
inception	TV Girl (2010) Benny and the Jetts (2011) Lonely Women (2013)	TV Girl	2010
inception	A.F.C. Liverpool is a semi-professional English football club set up by 1,000 Liverpool Football Club fans in 2008.	A.F.C. Liverpool	2008
inception	St Anne's Catholic High School opened on September 1, 1994 following the amalgamation of Holy Family Convent School and St Angela's School for Girls .	St Anne's Catholic High School	1994
inception	The Dog Legislation Council of Canada (DLCC), (2003--Present) is a non-profit organization in support of dogs, which is located in Canada.	Dog Legislation Council of Canada	2003
inception	In 1839 the Lokomotivfabrik der StEG became the first Austro-Hungarian locomotive works to be founded and it produced many influential locomotive designs.	Lokomotivfabrik der StEG	1839
inception	They came together in 2006 to release a self-titled album called The Cake Sale.	The Cake Sale	2006
inception	Cape D'Aguilar Marine Reserve (Chinese: 鶴咀海岸保護區) designated in July 1996, is the only Marine Reserve in Hong Kong.	Cape D'Aguilar Marine Reserve	1996
inception	Sky News Weather Channel started broadcasting on 1 January 1999 under the name ``Weather 21'': channel 21 on the Austar channel line-up.	Sky News Weather Channel	1999
inception	The Feurich piano company was founded in 1851 in Leipzig, Germany, by Julius Gustav Feurich and has been family operated for five generations becoming renowned for the quality of its pianos.	Feurich	1851
inception	Image & Form Games is a video game developer and publisher founded in 1997 by Brjánn Sigurgeirsson.	Image & Form	1997
inception	Archive Team is a group dedicated to preserving digital history that was founded by Jason Scott in 2009.	Archive Team	2009
inception	Hotel Rival, formerly Hotel Aston, is a hotel founded on September 1st 2003 at Mariatorget on Södermalm in Stockholm, owned by former ABBA-musician Benny Andersson.	Hotel Rival	2003
inception	Faceshift is a metal band, formed in 2005 in Stockholm, Sweden.	Faceshift	2005
inception	DAVIC, Digital Audio Video Council, was founded in 1994 with the aim of promoting the success of interactive digital audio-visual applications and services by promulgating specifications of open interfaces and protocols that maximise interoperability, not only across geographical boundaries but also across diverse applications, services and industries.	DAVIC	1994
inception	Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashtriya) (SJP(R)) is an Indian political party founded by Chandra Shekhar, Prime Minister in 1990--91, and led by him until his death on July 8, 2007.	Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashtriya)	1990
inception	The American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE) is a non-profit member association, founded in 1893, dedicated to promoting and improving engineering and engineering technology education.	American Society for Engineering Education	1893
inception	The Cedar Rapids Independent Film Festival was founded in 2001 to provide a venue for Iowa filmmakers to show their work and for the general public to view the best of the state's filmmaking industry.	Cedar Rapids Independent Film Festival	2001
inception	The Western Association of Physicians (WAP) is a regional health association of academic physician-scientists founded in 1955 by Robert Williams, the Chair of the Department of Medicine at the University of Washington, and other eminent physicians with the aim of establishing a western society analogous to the Association of American Physicians.	Western Association of Physicians	1955
inception	The Winstock Country Music Festival was started in 1994 by a group of Holy Trinity School and Parish boosters.	Winstock Country Music Festival	1994
inception	Progressive Dane is an independent, progressive political party in Dane County, Wisconsin founded in the fall of 1992.	Progressive Dane	1992
inception	Since their inception in 2004, Look Mexico have released two full-length albums and four EPs, touring extensively in their support.	Look Mexico	2004
inception	In 2012, Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly has passed Apex Professional University Act, which received Governor of Arunachal Pradesh assent on 8 May 2013.	Apex Professional University	2013
inception	The Greater Nottingham Partnership (GNP) was formed in 1994 by Nottingham City Council and Nottinghamshire County Council with the aim of improving partnership working across the Greater Nottingham conurbation and attracting more government regeneration funding into the area.	Greater Nottingham Partnership	1994
inception	Following the granting of sovereignty to the Transvaal Republic, the British recognised the independence of the Orange River Sovereignty on 17 February 1854 and the country officially became independent as the Orange Free State on 23 February 1854, with the signing of the Orange River Convention.	Orange Free State	1854
inception	Upper Abkhazia (Georgian: ზემო აფხაზეთი, Zemo Apkhazeti; Abkhaz: Аҧсны хыхьтəи, Apsny khykh'twi) is a term introduced in 2006, to denote the northeastern part of the disputed territory of Abkhazia, that had remained under Georgian control after the 1992-1993 War in Abkhazia.	Upper Abkhazia	2006
inception	The Wilds officially opened to the public for tours in 1994.	The Wilds	1994
inception	Kabaret OT.TO is a Polish musical comedy group founded in 1987 by Wiesław Tupaczewski.	Kabaret OT.TO	1987
inception	By 1994 it evolved into a Rock en Español format as ``More FM'', with the XHMORE-FM callsign, during its first incarnation, which lasted until 2004, when it flipped to English rhythmic contemporary as ``Blazin' 98.9''.	XHMORE-FM	1994
inception	In 2005, Crompton acquired Great Lakes Chemical Company, Inc., of West Lafayette, Indiana, to form Chemtura Corporation.	Chemtura	2005
inception	Equmenia, officially written equmenia, is a Swedish Christian youth organization founded in 2007 as a merger of the three previous organization Mission Covenant Youth of Sweden (SMU), Baptist Union Youth of Sweden (SBUF), and United Methodist Church Youth of Sweden (MKU).	Equmenia	2007
inception	Dulle Griet (anglicized as Dull Gret), also known as Mad Meg, is a figure of Flemish folklore who is the subject of a 1562 oil-on-panel by Flemish renaissance artist Pieter Bruegel the Elder.	Dull Gret	1562
inception	Caracol Televisión started in 1954 when Organización de Radiodifusora Caracol offered to afford national television costs, then state-run, through commercial spots.	Caracol Televisión	1954
inception	Hapkidowon (Hangul:합기도원) was founded by Hong Sik Myung in 1981 in the US state of Michigan.	Hapkidowon	1981
inception	King & Wood Mallesons formed on 1 March 2012 as a combination of Chinese firm King & Wood PRC Lawyers and Australian firm Mallesons Stephen Jaques, following votes in November 2011.	King & Wood Mallesons	2012
inception	CQout was launched in 1999 by three London Business School Graduates, namely Tony Newton, founder and creative director, Siamak Bashi, now the company's CEO, and Mike Rees.	CQout	1999
inception	Hen'badhoo School, formerly Hen'badhoo Makuthab, is a Northern Region community school on Hen'badhoo Atoll in the Maldives which opened in 1993.	Hen'badhoo School	1993
inception	Sky Scottish was a short lived satellite television channel operating on the analogue Sky TV service for 18 months (between 1 November 1996 and 31 May 1998).	Sky Scottish	1996
inception	The Alberta Militia District was reformed into 41 Canadian Brigade Group on 1 April 1997.	41 Canadian Brigade Group	1997
inception	Park Hyatt Goa Resort and Spa is a 5-star resort in South Goa that opened in January 2003.	Park Hyatt Goa Resort and Spa	2003
inception	The current modern University of Murcia was founded in 1915, making it the tenth oldest university in Spain among the modern universities, but its seal carries the date of the thirteenth century founding.	University of Murcia	1915
inception	The Parliament of Andalusia voted unanimously in 1983 that the preamble to the Statute of Autonomy recognize Blas Infante as the Father of the Andalusian Nation (Padre de la Patria Andaluza), which was reaffirmed in the reformed Statute of Autonomy submitted to popular referendum 18 February 2007.	Andalusia	2007
inception	Khyber News is a satellite television station in Pakistan, which was launched in August 2007.	Khyber News	2007
inception	Kinsale Community School officially began on August 1, 1996, following the amalgamation of two schools, ``Our Lady of the Rosary Secondary School'' and ``Kinsale Vocational School'' with 500 students.	Kinsale Community School	1996
inception	FC Lyubimets (Bulgarian: ФК Любимец 2007) is a Bulgarian professional football club based in Lyubimets.	FC Lyubimets	2007
inception	The office of the Keeper of the Rulers' Seal was established in preparation for the first meeting of the Conference of Rulers on February 18, 1948.	Keeper of the Rulers' Seal	1948
inception	The Second Yuying Foreign Languages School of Nanjing is a Civil-operating school of State-owned established in 1993.	The Second Yuying Foreign Languages School of Nanjing	1993
inception	The Christian Unity Party was founded on 26 September 1998 with the merging of the New Future Coalition Party and the Christian Conservative Party.	Christian Unity Party	26 September 1998
inception	The Libyan Popular National Movement (Arabic: الحركة الوطنية الشعبية الليبية‎) is a political movement established by former Libyan officials on 15 February 2012.	Libyan Popular National Movement	15 February 2012
inception	Coalition to Reduce Spending was founded in May, 2012.	Coalition to Reduce Spending	2012
inception	The Society for Development and Change (Arabic: جمعية التنمية والتغيير‎) is a Saudi Arabian human rights non-governmental organisation started in September 2011 that campaigns for equal human rights for Shia in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia.	Society for Development and Change	2011
inception	Loita High School is a mixed-boarding secondary school in the Entasekera area of Loita Division, Narok District, Rift Valley Province, Kenya, founded in 2006.	Loita High School	2006
inception	The Connecticut Coasters were a Roller Hockey International franchise based in New Haven, Connecticut, that played only in the 1993 season.	Connecticut Coasters	1993
inception	Founded in 1959 and now comprising five wings, nearly 8,000 works and more than 38,000 square feet of exhibition space, the Colby College Museum of Art has built a collection that specializes in American and contemporary art with additional, select collections of Chinese antiquities and European paintings and works on paper.	Colby College Museum of Art	1959
inception	Meathook Seed was an industrial metal project formed in 1992 by Napalm Death guitarist Mitch Harris.	Meathook Seed	1992
inception	The Getaway People formed in Stavanger, Norway in 1994 with the intention to ``write songs about getting away from everyday pressures through whatever means necessary to give breathing space so we can function better.''	The Getaway People	1994
inception	Operating in Vietnam since 2001, Mekong Capital is one of the first private equity firms to engage Vietnam, and has completed 26 private equity investments in Vietnam through 3 funds with approximately 25 full-time employees.	Mekong Capital	2001
inception	Ragged Flag is a record label founded in 2007 by members of the band The Prodigy, and backed by the Cooking Vinyl Group.	Ragged Flag	2007
inception	The company was originally founded as Envision EMI in 1985 by Barbara Harris and Richard Rossi.	Envision EMI	1985
inception	Svarog Films (Russian: Сварог Фильм) is a Russian independent film company founded in 1998 in St.Petersburg.	Svarog Films	1998
inception	Fanmi Lavalas was formed in 1996 as a split by Aristide from the smaller Struggling People's Party (OPL).	Fanmi Lavalas	1996
inception	Generation Progress, launched as Campus Progress in February 2005 and renamed Generation Progress in July 2013, is an American non-profit advocacy group that promotes progressive political and social policy through support for student activists and journalists on college campuses in the United States.	Generation Progress	2005
inception	Eugen Verpoorten founded the company in 1876 in Heinsberg, Germany.	Verpoorten	1876
inception	The Miss Universe Botswana is a beauty pageant that was first held in 1999, with winner competing in the Miss Universe pageant.	Miss Universe Botswana	1999
inception	Steg-Hohtenn was created on 1 January 2009 through the merger of the former municipalities of Steg and Hohtenn.	Steg-Hohtenn	2009
inception	The Arizona Rangers were created by the Arizona Territorial Legislature in 1901, disbanded in 1909, and subsequently reformed in 1957.	Arizona Rangers	1901
inception	HKND was founded in 2012 with the purpose to develop the Nicaragua Canal as a wider and deeper alternative to the Panama Canal.	HKND	2012
inception	Established in 1909, FC Nitra is one of the oldest football clubs in Slovakia.	FC Nitra	1909
inception	The Crocolandia Foundation Inc., founded in 2001, is a nature conservation center located in Talisay City, Cebu, Philippines.	Crocolandia Foundation	2001
inception	The station was assigned the KALH-LP call sign on September 14, 2004, and was granted its license to cover on January 6, 2006.	KALH-LP	2006
inception	Sderot was founded in 1951 on lands that belonged to the Palestinian Arab village of Najd and is located a few miles south of the village's ruins.	Sderot	1951
inception	The formation of the International Freedom Battalion was announced on 10 June 2015 in Serê Kaniyê (Ras al-Ayn).	International Freedom Battalion	2015
inception	Bennett Alliance is a New York City-based record label and music production company serving Massachusetts and New York since 2003.	Bennett Alliance	2003
inception	Founded as The Queen's Club Limited on 19 August 1886 by Evan Charteris, George Francis and Algernon Grosvener, the Queen's Club was the world's second multipurpose sports complex, after the Prince's Club, and became the only one after the Prince's Club relocated to Knightsbridge and lost its outdoor sports facilities.	Queen's Club	1886
inception	Uncle Tupelo was an alternative country music group from Belleville, Illinois, active between 1987 and 1994.	Uncle Tupelo	1987
inception	On March 26, 2006, Same Same released their first album, The Meaning of Happy, and in the summer of 2006 started an international tour throughout Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines.	Same Same	2006
inception	The Safety Fire was a British progressive metal band formed in London in 2006.	The Safety Fire	2006
inception	The channel launched on the 28 June 1999 as TV You, but was rebranded UTV2 in 2000.	UTV2	1999
inception	As the first mixed choir in Vienna, the Wiener Singakademie was founded in 1858 to establish a ``Singübungsanstalt'' - an institution for the training of voices.	Wiener Singakademie	1858
inception	WFNQ signed on October 19, 1987 as WHOB, under the ownership of Mario DiCarlo.	WFNQ	1987
inception	Bank Muamalat Malaysia Berhad (Jawi: بڠك معاملة مليسيا) started its operations on 1 October 1999 with a combined assets and liabilities brought over from the Islamic banking windows of the then Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Berhad, Bank of Commerce (M) Berhad and BBMB Kewangan.	Bank Muamalat Malaysia	1 October 1999
inception	Founded in 1955, International Schools Services (ISS) was created as a nonprofit organization dedicated to assisting the international and American schools that were proliferating at that time.	International Schools Services	1955
inception	The Love Bülow is an Indie Rap band from Berlin, created in 2008.	The Love Bülow	2008
inception	Mountain Wilderness was founded in 1987 in Biella, Italy during an international conference convened by Ludovico Sella, scion of a prominent piedmontese family of financiers, statesmen and mountaineers, among which Quintino Sella, the 19th century founder of the Italian Alpine Club.	Mountain Wilderness	1987
instrument	Bill Cheatham was a roadie for the original Stooges, and in 1970 joined the group on second guitar.	Bill Cheatham	guitar
instrument	Hans Deinzer (14 January 1934, Nuremberg, Germany) is a clarinetist and clarinet teacher.	Hans Deinzer	clarinet
instrument	Ed Masuga's music is characterized by acoustic guitar fingerpicking and a strong yet mellifluous vocal style.	Ed Masuga	guitar
instrument	Yaron Hasson is an Israeli guitar player.	Yaron Hasson	guitar
instrument	Octa Clark (April 30, 1904 in Judice, Louisiana -- September 11, 1998 in Lafayette, Louisiana) was an American Cajun accordion player.	Octa Clark	accordion
instrument	The band is currently composed of Megitza on vocals and upright bass, Andreas Kapsalis on acoustic guitar, Marek Lichota on bayan (accordion), and Jamie Gallagher on drums and percussion.	Megitza	guitar
instrument	Bill Steer (born William Geoffrey Steer, 3 December 1969) is a British guitar player, and co-founder of the extreme metal band Carcass.	Bill Steer	guitar
instrument	Langhorne Slim -- vocals, guitar (harmonica, piano, banjo, dancing) Malachi DeLorenzo -- drums Jeff Ratner -- bass	Langhorne Slim	guitar
instrument	Fritz Spindler (Wurzbach, 24 November 1817 -- Niederlößnitz/Radebeul, near Dresden, 26 December 1905) was a German pianist and composer, especially of works for the piano.	Fritz Spindler	piano
instrument	Steven Springer (born Steven Anthony Springer) (September 23, 1951 -- September 10, 2012) was an American guitarist and songwriter known for his innovative smooth soft touch guitar style.	Steven Springer	guitar
instrument	Audun Erlien (born 22 February 1967 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian, Jazz musician (bass guitar, guitar and electronica), known from several albums in various genres.	Audun Erlien	guitar
instrument	Aleksander Maaker (20 October (O.S. 8 October) 1890 in Muda, Hiiumaa -- 28 January 1968), nicknamed Torupilli-Sass was a folk musician, a player of the traditional torupill, the Estonian bagpipe.	Aleksander Maaker	torupill
instrument	Mine Kawakami (born 1969) is a Japanese piano player and composer.	Mine Kawakami	piano
instrument	Paul Winter (born August 31, 1939) is an American saxophonist (alto and soprano saxophone), and is a six-time Grammy Award nominee.	Paul Winter	saxophone
instrument	Keith Moseley (born February 5, 1965) is an American musician and songwriter, who plays bass guitar among other instruments for The String Cheese Incident, a jamband from Boulder, Colorado, of which he was a founding member.	Keith Moseley	guitar
instrument	The son of an amateur cornet player, Ward Pinkett started playing the trumpet when he was ten years old.	Ward Pinkett	trumpet
instrument	Stefan Dohr (born September 3, 1965 in Münster) is a German horn player and currently the principal horn of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra (Berliner Philharmoniker).	Stefan Dohr	horn
instrument	Eric Drew Feldman (born April 16, 1955) is an American keyboard and bass guitar player.	Eric Drew Feldman	guitar
instrument	Staffan William-Olsson (born 13 December 1959 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish Jazz musician (guitar) and composer, known guitarist of The Real Thing, and the collaborations with the likes of Bob Berg, Lee Konitz and Palle Mikkelborg.	Staffan William-Olsson	guitar
instrument	Mick Dyche (born 1951) is an English rock and folk guitarist, and former member of 1970s soft rock band Sniff 'n' the Tears, who played guitar on their only major hit ``Driver's Seat''.	Mick Dyche	guitar
instrument	Debashish Bhattacharya (Bengali: ভট্টাচার্য, Hindi: देबाशीष भट्टाचार्य, Devāśiṣ Bhaṭṭācārya, born 12 January 1963) is an Indian classical musician who plays the lap slide guitar.	Debashish Bhattacharya	guitar
instrument	Zachary Hietala plays guitar in Marenne, and is one of the composers in the band's debut album that was released in February 2009.	Zachary Hietala	guitar
instrument	Craig Bloxom was the bass player/singer of Australian ska/rock band vSpy vSpy which formed in Sydney in 1981 with Mike Weiley on guitar and Cliff Grigg on drums.	Craig Bloxom	guitar
instrument	Julian Priester (born June 29, 1935 in Chicago) is an American jazz trombone player and composer.	Julian Priester	trombone
instrument	Johnny Colt (born Charles Brandt; May 1, 1966, Cherry Point, North Carolina) is an American bass guitar player.	Johnny Colt	guitar
languages spoken or written	Rémi Gaillard (born 7 February 1975 in Montpellier, France) is a French prankster who uploads videos on YouTube.	Rémi Gaillard	French
licensed to broadcast to	WJVL (99.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Janesville, Wisconsin, and serving the areas of Madison, Wisconsin, to the Rockford, Illinois, area.	WJVL	Janesville
licensed to broadcast to	Win 94.6 FM was a FM radio channel in Mumbai, India that played Hindi songs.	Win 94.6 FM	Mumbai
licensed to broadcast to	WJLX (1240 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Jasper, Alabama.	WJLX	Jasper
licensed to broadcast to	WUOM (91.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Ann Arbor, Michigan, licensed to the University of Michigan.	WUOM	Ann Arbor
licensed to broadcast to	CFYN was a Canadian AM radio station, which broadcast at 1050 kHz in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario from 1977 to 1992.	CFYN	Sault Ste. Marie
licensed to broadcast to	KHWK (92.7 FM) was a radio station licensed to Tonopah, carrying an adult contemporary format.	KHWK	Tonopah
licensed to broadcast to	KRCH (``Laser 101.7'') is a radio station owned by iHeartMedia (formerly Clear Channel Communications) which broadcasts from Rochester, Minnesota.	KRCH	Rochester
licensed to broadcast to	WBZD-FM (93.3 FM) is an oldies music formatted radio station licensed to Muncy, Pennsylvania, USA.	WBZD-FM	Muncy
licensed to broadcast to	KAZR is an FM radio station licensed to Pella, Iowa, with studios in Des Moines, Iowa.	KAZR	Pella
licensed to broadcast to	WEHM (92.9 FM) is an Adult album alternative formatted radio station that is licensed to Manorville, New York and serves eastern Long Island.	WEHM	Manorville, New York
licensed to broadcast to	WRGN (88.1 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Sweet Valley, Pennsylvania, serving Northeastern Pennsylvania.	WRGN	Pennsylvania
licensed to broadcast to	UJFM 95.4 is a Community Radio Station, based at the University of Johannesburg, Bunting Road Campus.	UJFM	Johannesburg
licensed to broadcast to	WBPT (106.9 FM, ``106-9 The Eagle'') is a classic rock music-formatted radio station licensed to Homewood, Alabama, that serves the Birmingham and central Alabama area.	WBPT	Homewood
licensed to broadcast to	WEGW is a Mainstream Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wheeling, West Virginia, serving the Wheeling/Steubenville.	WEGW	Wheeling
licensed to broadcast to	KIPR (92.3 FM, ``Power 92 Jams'') is a commercial radio station carrying an urban contemporary format located in Little Rock, Arkansas and licensed to Pine Bluff.	KIPR	Pine Bluff
licensed to broadcast to	WKSF (``Kiss Country'') is a country music station licensed to serve Old Fort, North Carolina.	WKSF	Old Fort, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	KZIQ-FM (92.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting from Ridgecrest, California, with a hot adult contemporary format.	KZIQ-FM	Ridgecrest
licensed to broadcast to	WLGT (98.3 FM, 98.3 The Bridge) is an American radio station licensed to Washington, North Carolina, USA.	WLGT	Washington
licensed to broadcast to	WKDF (103.3 FM, ``103.3 Nash FM'') is a Country music radio station broadcasting on a frequency of 103.3 MHz from Nashville, Tennessee.	WKDF	Nashville
licensed to broadcast to	CIME-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec, about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Montreal.	CIME-FM	Saint-Jérôme
licensed to broadcast to	KNFM (92.3 FM), branded as ``Lonestar 92'', is a Country music formatted radio station that serves the Midland--	KNFM	Midland
licensed to broadcast to	CJLF-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting a Contemporary Christian music format on 100.3 FM in Barrie, Ontario.	CJLF-FM	Barrie
licensed to broadcast to	KXQQ-FM is a commercial radio station located in Henderson, Nevada, broadcasting in the Las Vegas, Nevada area on 100.5 FM.	KXQQ-FM	Henderson
licensed to broadcast to	WTOS-FM (105.1 FM), known as ``The Mountain of Pure Rock'', is a commercial FM album-oriented rock (AOR) radio station licensed to Skowhegan, Maine whose studios are located in Augusta.	WTOS-FM	Skowhegan
licensed to broadcast to	WBMW (106.5 FM, ``Soft Rock 106.5'') is an Adult Contemporary music formatted radio station licensed to Pawcatuck, Connecticut and serving the New London, Connecticut area.	WBMW	Pawcatuck, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Iron Mountain District, also known as the Iron Springs District, is a large, high-grade iron deposit in southwestern Utah, near Cedar City.	Iron Mountain District	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Fé de Toloca (Teleco, Toloco or Señor Santo Tómas de Santa Fé) was a Spanish mission that existed near the Santa Fe River in the northwestern part of what is now Alachua County, Florida, United States during the 17th century.	Santa Fé de Toloca	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bragança District (Portuguese pronunciation: (bɾɐˈɣɐ̃sɐ); Portuguese: Distrito de Bragança; Mirandese: Çtrito de Bergáncia) is a traditional political division of Portugal, in the northeast corner bordering on Spain, covering 7.4% of the nations continental landmass.	Bragança District	Portugal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nonankuppam (Tamil: நோணாங்குப்பம்) is a part of Ariyankuppam (West) village in Ariyankuppam Commune Panchayat in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Nonankuppam	Ariyankuppam Commune
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foley Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 5R4) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northwest of the central business district of Foley, a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.	Foley Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Efzar District (Persian: بخش افزر‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Efzar District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Ilsley is a village and civil parish in the Berkshire or Lambourn Downs northern part of West Berkshire, north of Newbury centred immediately east of the A34 road dual carriageway which passes through the length of the village from north to south.	East Ilsley	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scripps Canyon is a narrow underwater gorge located in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of southern California, USA.	Scripps Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Amir-e Vanehbin (Persian: حاج اميرونه بين‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Āmīr-e Vanehbīn and Ḩāj Āmīr-e Vanehbīn; also known as Vaneh Bīn) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hajj Amir-e Vanehbin	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lycée Lamartine is a French institute of secondary education in the 9th arrondissement of Paris.	Lycée Lamartine	9th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiens (Italian: Chienes) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Bolzano.	Kiens	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Konark (Persian: گودكنارك‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Konārak; also known as Gowd-e Gūnārk) is a village in Pariz Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Konark	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio El Teniente, also known as Estadio El Teniente Codelco for sponsorship reasons, is a multi-purpose stadium in Rancagua, Chile.	Estadio El Teniente	Rancagua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slave Lake is a small town in northern Alberta, Canada about 200 km northwest of Edmonton and a similar distance southwest of Fort McMurray.	Slave Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piranch (Persian: پيرانچ‎, also Romanized as Pīrānch; also known as Bīranj, Pīranj, and Pīrūnj) is a village in Damen Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Piranch	Damen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaleh Chu (Persian: كاله چو‎, also Romanized as Kāleh Chū; also known as Kālāchū and Kāl Chūyeh) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kaleh Chu	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Hill Park is a large (14.3 hectare) public park in Mill Hill in the London Borough of Barnet.	Mill Hill Park	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morzywół (mɔˈʐɨvuu̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gowarczów, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Morzywół	Gmina Gowarczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cogley Island is an alluvial island in the Allegheny River in North Buffalo Township, Armstrong County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Cogley Island	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Satanpur is a village comes in Samastipur district in Bihar.	Satanpur	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasewicze-Czerepy (krasɛˈvit͡ʂɛ t͡ʂɛˈrɛpɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krasewicze-Czerepy	Gmina Siemiatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallenstein Palace (Czech: Valdštejnský palác) is a Baroque palace in Malá Strana, Prague, currently the home of the Czech Senate.	Wallenstein Palace	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wettingen Abbey (Kloster Wettingen) was a Cistercian monastery in Wettingen in the Swiss canton of Aargau.	Wettingen Abbey	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mroczki-Kawki (ˈmrɔt͡ʂki ˈkafki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mroczki-Kawki	Gmina Rzewnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Makitani (Cyrillic: Макитани) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Makitani	Donji Vakuf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahoras Brook is an approximately 3.5 miles (5.6 km) long spring-fed tributary of Waackaack Creek that flows through Monmouth County, New Jersey.	Mahoras Brook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bexley Grammar School, is a co-educational grammar school with academy status in Welling, in the London Borough of Bexley, UK.	Bexley Grammar School	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Corby is a village in northern Cumbria, England, above the eastern bank of a wooded gorge on the River Eden.	Great Corby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hawaii Capital Historic District in Honolulu, Hawaii, has been the center of government ever since the earliest days of the unified Hawaiian Kingdom.	Hawaii Capital Historic District	Honolulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adwalton is village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England.	Adwalton	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chevron Renaissance is a $400 million development on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia comprising both Chevron Renaissance Shopping Centre and Towers of Chevron Renaissance (Mantra Towers of Chevron) apartments.	Chevron Renaissance	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puget Creek is a small urban creek in the U.S. state of Washington, in the north end of Tacoma, It rises in Puget Park and flows north to Commencement Bay, part of Puget Sound.	Puget Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carncastle or Cairncastle (from Irish: carn, meaning ``mound'', and the English word ``castle'') is a small village and civil parish in County Antrim, Northern Ireland near the town of Larne and inland from the village of Ballygally.	Carncastle	County Antrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr Cresswell's Winchmore Hill published by the London Borough of Enfield Libraries.	Winchmore Hill	London Borough of Enfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan Remand Centre (abbreviated and commonly referred to as MRC) is an Australian prison located at Ravenhall, Victoria, approximately 20 kilometres from the Melbourne CBD on the Western Freeway (Deer Park Bypass).	Metropolitan Remand Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazenzele is a Flemish village in the Belgian province Flemish Brabant and also a district of the community Opwijk.	Mazenzele	Opwijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalenow-e Sofla (Persian: كلنو سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kalenow-ye Soflá; also known as Kalenow-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalenow-e Sofla	Birun Bashm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kids' WB Fun Zone is a themed area of Warner Bros. Movie World in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia based on the Looney Tunes cartoons.	Kids' WB Fun Zone	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poole Forge is a historic iron forge complex and national historic district located at Narvon, Caernarvon Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Poole Forge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltringen is a once autonomous village in Baden-Württemberg in the region of Upper Swabia, situated approximately 17 km north of Biberach.	Baltringen	Baden-Württemberg	Biberach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwalk Harbor is a recreational and commercial harbor and seaport at the estuary of the Norwalk River where it flows into Long Island Sound in Norwalk, Connecticut, United States.	Norwalk Harbor	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tally Toor in Leith, Edinburgh, Scotland, is one of the country's three martello towers, the other two being at Hackness and Crockness in Orkney.	Tally Toor	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Długa Wieś Pierwsza (ˈdwuɡa ˈvjɛɕ ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Długa Wieś Pierwsza	Gmina Stawiszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ipsden is a village and civil parish in the Chiltern Hills in South Oxfordshire, about 3 miles (5 km) southeast of Wallingford.	Ipsden	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Run Baptist Church and Cemetery (also known as the Lincoln Cabin Site) is a historic church and cemetery on Long Run Road in Eastwood, Kentucky.	Long Run Baptist Church and Cemetery	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renfrewshire (/ˈrɛnfruːʃɪər/ or /-ʃər/; Scottish Gaelic: Siorrachd Rinn Friù) is one of 32 council areas of Scotland.	Renfrewshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCVM (93.5 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Hudson, Iowa serving the Waterloo/Cedar Falls, Iowa area.	KCVM	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Khvajeh (Persian: علي خواجه‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Khvājeh) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,418, in 348 families.	Ali Khvajeh	Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cats Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape, Province of South Africa, on the road between Butterworth and Mazeppa Bay.	Cats Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qezel Ahmad (Persian: قزل احمد‎, also Romanized as Qezel Aḩmad) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Ahmad	Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gelnica District (Slovak: okres Gelnica, Hungarian: Gölnicbányai járás) is a district in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Gelnica District	Košice Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان ژاورودشرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Areklu (Persian: اركلو‎, also Romanized as 'Areklū; also known as Arīglū and Arīklū) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Areklu	Hendudur Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elliott State Forest is a state forest in the Oregon Coast Range in Coos and Douglas counties, between Coos Bay and Reedsport.	Elliott State Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Netherlands Centennial Carillon is a 62-bell carillon located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Netherlands Centennial Carillon	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohana is a village located in Mohali District (Punjab).	Sohana	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Mead National Recreation Area is a U.S. National Recreation Area located in southeastern Nevada and northwestern Arizona.	Lake Mead National Recreation Area	Nevada	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qayqalu (Persian: قايقلو‎, also Romanized as Qāyqalū; also known as Ghow Ghlū Gūr-e Sefīd, Qūghlū Pā’īn, Qūqlī, Qūqlū, and Qūqlū Gar-e Sefīd) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qayqalu	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Atkinson State Preserve is a state preserve of Iowa, USA, containing the remnants of Fort Atkinson, a U.S. Army frontier post created to keep the peace between various Native American tribes as well as prevent white settlers from encroaching on Indian lands.	Fort Atkinson State Preserve	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJKJ first signed on in 1985 as ``Rock 108'' with an album-oriented rock (AOR), a predecessor to today's classic rock format, similar to that of the well-known KQRS-FM in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	KJKJ	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butterfield Cobblestone House is on Bennett Corners Road in the Town of Clarendon, New York, United States, south of the village of Holley.	Butterfield Cobblestone House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kippford (otherwise Scaur) is a small village along the Solway coast, in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.	Kippford	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tooele Valley Airport (ICAO: KTVY, FAA LID: TVY), also known as Bolinder Field, is a public use airport in Tooele County, Utah, United States.	Tooele Valley Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tabernacle School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Tabernacle Township, in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Tabernacle School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fife High School is located in the town of Fife, Washington.	Fife High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berestechko (Ukrainian: Берестечко; Polish: Beresteczko) is a town in Horokhiv Raion, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine.	Berestechko	Horokhiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Webster Memorial is a monument in Washington, D.C. honoring U.S. statesman Daniel Webster.	Daniel Webster Memorial	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson's Mill State 4-H Camp Historic District, also known as West Virginia University Jackson's Mill, is a historic 4-H camp and national historic district near Weston, Lewis County, West Virginia.	Jackson's Mill State 4-H Camp Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sondervick College is a Dutch catholic secondary school located in the village Veldhoven (province Noord-Brabant).	Sondervick College	Veldhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverado Canyon is a roughly 2,500-foot-deep (760 m) gorge in the Santa Ana Mountains, in the U.S. state of California.	Silverado Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	McIntyre Ski Area is a city-owned ski area located in Derryfield Park in Manchester, New Hampshire, United States.	McIntyre Ski Area	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard Mall is located at 3528 S. Maryland Pkwy in Paradise, Nevada, United States (an unincorporated town in the Las Vegas Valley).	The Boulevard Mall	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estoublon is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in southeastern France.	Estoublon	Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonzaque Village (formerly Hacienda Village), a public housing project located in Watts, Los Angeles, California, is operated by the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles.	Gonzaque Village	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naisi (or Old Naisi) is a community in the Southern Region of Malawi, now in effect a northern suburb of the city of Zomba.	Naisi	Southern Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arun is a local government district in West Sussex, England.	Arun	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Edgar is a marina on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth, immediately west of the Forth Road Bridge and the town of Queensferry, in West Lothian.	Port Edgar	Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kacevac (Cyrillic: Кацевац) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kacevac	Bijeljina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deer Leap Falls is the third waterfall located in the George W. Childs Recreation Site, Pike County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Deer Leap Falls	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamarvdasht Rural District (Persian: دهستان علامرودشت‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Alamarvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Alamarvdasht Rural District	Alamarvdasht District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windlesham is a village in the Surrey Heath borough of Surrey, England and civil parish that covers Bagshot and Lightwater in the same borough.	Windlesham	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mallik Island (variant: Mallikjuaq Island, meaning ``big wave'') is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands of Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Mallik Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Gach (Persian: تنگگچ‎) is a village in Ruydar Rural District, Ruydar District, Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tang Gach	Ruydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fathollah Bolaghi (Persian: فتح اله بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Fatḩollāh Bolāghī) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Fathollah Bolaghi	Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lime Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse in California, United States, on northern side of the Golden Gate Bridge.	Lime Point Light	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bizoręda (bizɔˈrɛnda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bizoręda	Gmina Sobków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahmanabad-e Jadid (Persian: بهمن ابادجديد‎, also Romanized as Bahmanābād-e Jadīd; also known as Bahmanābād) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bahmanabad-e Jadid	Shaskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yale Bowl is a football stadium in New Haven, Connecticut on the border of West Haven, about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the main campus of Yale University.	Yale Bowl	New Haven, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodson Bridge State Recreation Area is a woodland park located along the Sacramento River in Tehama County, California.	Woodson Bridge State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kikha Mahalleh (Persian: كيخامحله‎, also Romanized as Kīkhā Maḩalleh; also known as Kīākhā Maḩalleh) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kikha Mahalleh	Khoshk Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemoore Union High School (commonly known as Lemoore High School or Lemoore High) is a public school located in Lemoore, California.	Lemoore High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birchmount Stadium is a multi-purpose outdoor sports facility in Toronto, Ontario, Canada near Kingston Road and Birchmount Road in Scarborough.	Birchmount Stadium	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linden Heights Historic District is located on the west side Des Moines, Iowa, United States.	Linden Heights Historic District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moqui Ranger Station in Kaibab National Forest near Tusayan, Arizona, also known as Tusayan Ranger Station, was built in 1939 by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC).	Moqui Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szeligi-Kolonia (ʂɛˈliɡi kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szeligi-Kolonia	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maçambara is a small Brazilian municipality in the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Maçambara	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonfanau is a village in Gwynedd, Wales, located on the coast just under 20 miles north of Aberystwyth.	Tonfanau	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hofmann Tower is the name of a tower in Lyons, Illinois.	Hofmann Tower	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Patrick's Marist College Dundas is a systemic Catholic, co-educational high school, located in Dundas, New South Wales, Australia.	St Patrick's Marist College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pischahorn is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps, located east of Davos, in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Pischahorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olamaboro is a Local Government Area in the southeast of Kogi State, Nigeria, bordering Enugu State and Benue State.	Olamaboro	Kogi State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cotehill Loch is a loch located in Scotland in the Aberdeenshire area, approximately one mile (1.5 km) northwest of the coastal town of Collieston and two miles (3 km) east of the Ythan Estuary.	Cotehill Loch	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Maran (Persian: بابماران‎, also Romanized as Bāb Mārān and Bāb-e Mārān) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Maran	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenox Square is an upscale enclosed super regional shopping mall located in the Buckhead district of Atlanta, Georgia.	Lenox Square	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Head-Royce School (Head-Royce or HRS) is a co-educational college-preparatory K-12 school in Oakland, California.	Head-Royce School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh Dizaj (Persian: خواجه ديزج‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Dīzaj; also known as Khajeh Dizaj, Khodza-diza, and Khvājeh Dīzeh) is a village in Aji Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Dizaj	Aji Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelmarte (Castèll Mart in local language) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Milan and about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of Como.	Castelmarte	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFIS (104.1 FM, ``The Fish'') is a commercial broadcast radio station located in the Portland, Oregon area.	KFIS	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tangmere Military Aviation Museum is a museum located on the former site of RAF Tangmere, West Sussex.	Tangmere Military Aviation Museum	RAF Tangmere
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrachov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦaraxof); German: Harrachsdorf) is a town in Semily District, Liberec Region, in the northern Czech Republic, close to the border with Poland.	Harrachov	Semily District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Descoberto (lit. Discovered) is a municipality in the Brazilian State of Minas Gerais.	Descoberto	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodbury-Story House is a National Register of Historic Places structure (site #93001463) in Altadena, California.	Woodbury-Story House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunsingo (Gronings: Hunzego or Hunzengo) is a region in the province of Groningen, Netherlands, between the Reitdiep and Maarvliet.	Hunsingo	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuruyeh (Persian: شورويه‎, also Romanized as Shūrūyeh; also known as Shooroo and Shūrū) is a village in Chahak Rural District, in the Central District of Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Shuruyeh	Chahak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri consisting of 3,942 acres (1,595 ha) of grasslands and woodlands in Barton County.	Prairie State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ekra Sar (Persian: اكراسر‎, also Romanized as Ekrā Sar) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ekra Sar	Jennat Rudbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gelora Bung Tomo Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Surabaya (a national capital of the province of East Java), Indonesia.	Gelora Bung Tomo Stadium	Surabaya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mannheim-Friedrichsfeld station is a separation station in the Mannheim district of Friedrichsfeld on the border with the municipality of Edingen-Neckarhausen in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Mannheim-Friedrichsfeld station	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karmanowice (karmanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Karmanowice	Gmina Wąwolnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galuzi (Persian: گلوزي‎, also Romanized as Galūzī; also known as Darakhshandeh, Derakhshandeh Galūzī, Galūzeyā, Galūzī Pāshā, Galūzyā, and Golūzīā) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Galuzi	Direh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Spokane River is a major tributary of the Spokane River, approximately 35 mi (56 km) long, in eastern Washington in the United States.	Little Spokane River	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murombedzi, also known as Murombedzi Growth Point, is a small town in Zvimba District, Mashonaland West Province, in central northern Zimbabwe.	Murombedzi	Zvimba District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Don Valley East (French: Don Valley-Est) is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada that covers the northeast section of the North York part of Toronto.	Don Valley East	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coons House is located along NY 9G in Clermont, New York, United States, across the road from the Clarkson Chapel.	Coons House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klarewo (klaˈrɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klarewo	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTAO (``KTAOS 101.9'') is a solar-powered FM radio station licensed to serve Taos, New Mexico.	KTAO	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasjerd (Persian: لاسجرد‎, also Romanized as Lāsjerd, Lāsgerd, Lāsgird, and Lāsjird) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District, in the Central District of Sorkheh County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Lasjerd	Lasgerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milano Due (Milan 2, also known as Milano 2) is a residential centre in the Italian town of Segrate (Province of Milan).	Milano Due	Segrate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahanabad-e Maleki (Persian: جهان ابادملكي‎, also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Malekī; also known as Jahānābād) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jahanabad-e Maleki	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whorehouse Meadow is a meadow located on the western slope of Steens Mountain southeast of Frenchglen, Oregon, United States.	Whorehouse Meadow	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The QUT Business School is one of six faculties at the Queensland University of Technology.	QUT Business School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łapajówka (wapaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarzecze, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łapajówka	Gmina Zarzecze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Dari (Persian: بنه درئ‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Darī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Dari	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Troutdale Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library, in Troutdale in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Troutdale Library	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wangchang Gewog (Dzongkha: ཝང་ལྕང་) is a gewog (village block) of Paro District, Bhutan.	Wangchang Gewog	Paro District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabów Nowy (ˈɡrabuf ˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabów Nowy	Gmina Grabów nad Pilicą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anwoth is a settlement near the Solway Firth in the Stewarty of Kirkcudbright, in South West Scotland, within a parish of the same name in the Vale of Fleet, Dumfries and Galloway.	Anwoth	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Madison Millard House, is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie School home that was constructed in Highland Park, Illinois, United States in 1906.	George Madison Millard House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čepelica (Serbian Cyrillic: Чепелица) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čepelica	Bileća
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Shute House is a late Palladian country house built between 1785 and 1789 by Sir John de la Pole, 6th Baronet (1757--1799) and is situated within the grounds of Old Shute House, in the parish of Shute, near Axminster, East Devon.	New Shute House	East Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadbolaghi (Persian: شادبلاغي‎, also Romanized as Shādbolāghī; also known as Shābolāghī and Shāhbolāghī) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shadbolaghi	Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamison Square is a city park in the area of downtown Portland, Oregon, known as the Pearl District.	Jamison Square	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Givad Khater (Persian: گيودختر‎, also Romanized as Gīvad Khater) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Givad Khater	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artillery Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada about 20 miles east of Great Slave Lake.	Artillery Lake	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broad Bay Colony is a fairly affluent unincorporated community in northeast Virginia Beach, Virginia.	Broad Bay Colony	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skrzypne (ˈskʂɨpnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szaflary, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skrzypne	Gmina Szaflary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sam Hill Memorial Bridge, also known as the Biggs Rapids Bridge, is a steel truss bridge that carries U.S. Route 97 across the Columbia River between Biggs Junction, Oregon in Sherman County and Maryhill, Washington in Klickitat County.	Sam Hill Memorial Bridge	Oregon	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richan is an unincorporated place and community in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Richan	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Gajun (Persian: ده گجون‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Gajūn) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Gajun	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ashuapmushuan River is a river in the Saguenay-- Lac-Saint-Jean region of the Canadian provinces of Quebec.	Ashuapmushuan River	Saguenay-- Lac-Saint-Jean
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Third Street Promenade is an upscale shopping, dining and entertainment complex in the downtown area of Santa Monica, California.	Third Street Promenade	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boshrabad (Persian: بشراباد‎, also Romanized as Boshrābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Boshrabad	Fazl Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radomirka (radɔˈmirka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Radomirka	Gmina Wysokie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Anbar-e Pain (Persian: اب انبارپائين‎, also Romanized as Āb Anbār-e Pā’īn) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Anbar-e Pain	Hoseyniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snow Peak Wildlife Management Area at 32,000 acres (130 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Shoshone County.	Snow Peak Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakengates is a town in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire, England, and now forms part of the new town of Telford.	Oakengates	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warren Harding High School is a public high school in Bridgeport, Connecticut (Fairfield County), commonly called Harding High School.	Warren Harding High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stateville Correctional Center (SCC) is a maximum security state prison for men in Crest Hill, Illinois, USA, in Greater Chicago.	Stateville Correctional Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schoharie Crossing State Historic Site, also known as Erie Canal National Historic Landmark, is a historic district that includes the ruins of the Erie Canal aqueduct over Schoharie Creek, and a 3.5-mile (5.6 km) long part of the Erie Canal, in the towns of Glen and Florida within Montgomery County, New York.	Schoharie Crossing State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pagin (Persian: پگين‎, also Romanized as Pagīn) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pagin	Soltanabad Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weiler-Simmerberg is a market town in the Swabian Lindau district.	Weiler-Simmerberg	Lindau
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. John Villa Academy is an all-girls, private, Roman Catholic high school on Staten Island in New York, New York.	St. John Villa Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaghatin (Armenian: Վաղատին); formerly, Vagudi and Vagudy) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Vaghatin	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Chapelle-Vaupelteigne is a commune in the Yonne department, Burgundy in north-central France.	La Chapelle-Vaupelteigne	Yonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kemper Military School & College was a private military school located in Boonville, Missouri.	Kemper Military School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howick Falls is a waterfall in Howick, KwaZulu-Natal Province, South Africa.	Howick Falls	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deloraine High School is a co-educational public high school in Deloraine, Tasmania, Australia.	Deloraine High School	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Librantowa (libranˈtɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Librantowa	Gmina Chełmiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daruleh (Persian: دروله‎‎, also Romanized as Darūleh) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Daruleh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodstock Square Historic District is located in the county seat of McHenry County, Illinois, which is Woodstock.	Woodstock Square Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radosze (raˈdɔʂɛ) (German Freudenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Radosze	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The I-40 bridge disaster was a bridge collapse that occurred southeast of Webbers Falls, Oklahoma at 7:45 a.m. on May 26, 2002.	I-40 bridge disaster	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye Shahid Zabeyhi Far (Persian: مشاع شهيدذبيحي فر‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Shahīd Zabeyḥī Far) is a village in Eresk Rural District, Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Masha-ye Shahid Zabeyhi Far	Eresk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leggit Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County, Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area about 4.5 mi (7.2 km) southeast of Atlanta, Idaho.	Leggit Lake	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vrh pri Ljubnu (pronounced (ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈljuːbnu)) is a settlement in the hills southwest of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Vrh pri Ljubnu	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Barm Rural District (Persian: دهستان دشت برم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kuhmareh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Barm Rural District	Kuhmareh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haguenau (French: Haguenau, pronounced: (aɡəno); Alsatian: Hàwenau (ˈhaːvənaʊ) or Hàjenöi; German: Hagenau) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department of France, of which it is a sub-prefecture.	Haguenau	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bid-e Sar Anjeli (Persian: اب بيدسرانجلي‎, also Romanized as Āb Bīd-e Sar Ānjelī; also known as Cheshmeh Sarānjīlī, Sarānjīlī, and Sar Anjīlī) is a village in Komehr Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Bid-e Sar Anjeli	Komehr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elitch Gardens was a family-owned seasonal amusement park, theater, and botanic garden in the West Highland neighborhood of Denver, Colorado, United States at 38th and Tennyson streets.	Elitch Gardens	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Kiełczyńska (ˈvɔla kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wola Kiełczyńska	Gmina Bogoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boonton Iron Works were founded about 1770 by Samuel Ogden who, with others in his family, purchased a 6-acre (24,000 m2) tract along the Rockaway River, near Boonton, New Jersey, United States.	Boonton Iron Works	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tianlongshan Grottoes (Chinese: 天龙山石窟, pinyin: Tiānlóngshān Shíkū, English translation: Mountain of the Heavenly Dragon) are caves located in Taiyuan, Shanxi Province, China, that are notable for the Buddhist temples located within them.	Tianlongshan Grottoes	Taiyuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lupin Airport (IATA: YWO, ICAO: CYWO) was an airport located at Lupin Mine, Nunavut, Canada that was operated by Echo Bay Mines Limited.	Lupin Airport	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vardavard-e Sofla (Persian: ورداوردسفلي‎, also Romanized as Vardāvard-e Soflá; also known as Var Dāvad-e Soflá, Vardāvar-e Pā’īn, and Vardood Sofla) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Vardavard-e Sofla	Khorram Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deji Plaza(Simplified: 德基广场; Pinyin: Déjī Guǎngchǎng) is an upscale office and shopping mall complex in Xinjiekou, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, China.	Deji Plaza	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdonia (ˈzdɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakliczyn, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zdonia	Gmina Zakliczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bałamutowo (bawamuˈtɔvɔ) (German: Ballamutowen; 1934-1945: Giersfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bałamutowo	Gmina Stare Juchy
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHTI (103.9 FM, Hot 103.9) is a commercial radio station licensed to Lake Arrowhead, California, broadcasting to the Riverside-San Bernardino, California area since 1978.	KHTI	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Kurdufan (Arabic: شمال كردفان‎ Šamāl Kurdufān) is one of the 18 wilayat or states of Sudan.	North Kurdufan	Sudan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Miguelito Oil Field is a large and currently productive oil field in the hills northwest of the city of Ventura in southern California in the United States.	San Miguelito Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arianayagipuram (அரியநாயகிபுரம்) is a village in Tirunelveli district and one of the gram panchayats in Sankarankoil taluk of the Indian State Tamil Nadu.	Arianayagipuram	Tirunelveli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coosa Bald National Scenic Area is a federally designated National Scenic Area within Chattahoochee National Forest in northern Georgia, USA.	Coosa Bald National Scenic Area	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nares Strait (Danish: Nares Strædet) is a waterway between Ellesmere Island and Greenland that is the northern part of Baffin Bay where it meets the Lincoln Sea.	Nares Strait	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zideh-ye Bala (Persian: زيده بالا‎, also Romanized as Zīdeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zideh-ye Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostamdar Mahalleh (Persian: رستم دارمحله‎, also Romanized as Rostamdār Maḩalleh; also known as Rostamdārī Maḩalleh) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rostamdar Mahalleh	Dasht-e Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Performing Arts Center is a cultural center located at 32nd Street and Central Avenue in Union City, New Jersey, USA.	Park Performing Arts Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sztum County (Polish: powiat sztumski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Sztum County	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulha is a small village in Bisfi block of Madhubani district in the state of Bihar, India.	Dulha	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kombol (Persian: كمبل‎; also known as Konbol) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kombol	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khush Rudpey (Persian: خوش رودپي‎; also known as Khvosh Rūd Pey-e Bālā and Bālā Khvoshrūd Pey) is a city in and the capital of Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khush Rudpey	Bandpey-ye Gharbi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oleśnica Mała (ɔlɛɕˈnit͡sa ˈmawa) (German: Klein Öls) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Oleśnica Mała	Gmina Oława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalniszki (kalˈniʂki) (German: Kunzmannsrode, until 1938: Kallnischken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Kalniszki	Gmina Gołdap
located in the administrative territorial entity	Booneville Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 4M2) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Booneville, a city in Logan County, Arkansas, United States.	Booneville Municipal Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rikurud-e Gonbad (Persian: ري كورودگنبد‎, also Romanized as Rīkūrūd-e Gonbad) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rikurud-e Gonbad	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Downtown Houston (EaDo) is a district in Houston, Texas, United States.	East Downtown Houston	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hubbell Trading Post National Historic Site is a historic site with exhibit center in Ganado, Arizona.	Hubbell Trading Post National Historic Site	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	University Park Airport (IATA: SCE, ICAO: KUNV, FAA LID: UNV) is a public airport located in Benner Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania.	University Park Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trachoni (Greek: Τραχώνι; Turkish: Kayakale) is a large village lying partly in the Limassol District of Cyprus, and partly in the British Overseas Territory of Akrotiri and Dhekelia.	Trachoni	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bigelow Bridge (regionally known as Axe Handle Road Bridge) is one of six historic covered bridges in Union County, Ohio.	Bigelow Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurab-e Kabir (Persian: شوراب كبير‎, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Kabīr) is a village in Saman Rural District, Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shurab-e Kabir	Saman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rathores of Jasol, who are the descendents of Rawal Mallinath, are the eldest amongst all houses of Rathores in Rajasthan.	Jasol	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raszelki (raˈʂɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Raszelki	Gmina Warta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lovell Park is an inner-city area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Lovell Park	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Přestanov (German: Priesten) is a village and municipality (obec) in Ústí nad Labem District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Přestanov	Ústí nad Labem District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queitersberg, more rarely spelt Quaidersberg, Quaitersberg or Queidersberg, is a 394-metre-high hill in the northern Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Queitersberg	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Desert Laboratory at 1675 West Anklam Road, Tucson, Arizona was founded by the Carnegie Institution in 1903 to study how plants survive and thrive in the heat and aridity of deserts.	Desert Laboratory	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Israel Benevolent Society Cemetery also known as the Old Jewish Cemetery of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania is believed to be the earliest Jewish burial ground west of the Susquehanna River.	Israel Benevolent Society Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Midlands Airport (IATA: EMA, ICAO: EGNX) is an international airport in the East Midlands of England, located in Leicestershire close to Castle Donington.	East Midlands Airport	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastjerd (Persian: دستجرد‎, also Romanized as Dastgird) is a city in and the capital of Khalajastan District, in Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Dastjerd	Khalajastan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houping Miao and Tuzi Ethnic Township (后坪苗族土家族乡) is an ethnic township in Wulong County of the Chongqing Municipality of China The area is noted for its landscape and geological features known as the Wulong Karst and the Er Wang Dong cave.	Houping Miao and Tuzi Ethnic Township	Wulong County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parish Church of St. Maria Angelica in Hanover, Germany, is the church of the Old Catholic Parish of Hanover/Southern Lower Saxony (Pfarrgemeinde Hannover/Niedersachsen-Süd).	St. Maria Angelica	Hanover
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spreuer Bridge (German: Spreuerbrücke, formerly also Mühlenbrücke) is one of two extant covered wooden footbridges in the city of Lucerne, Switzerland.	Spreuer Bridge	Lucerne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flint Hill Christian School was a private school located in Bessemer, Alabama.	Flint Hill Christian School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehrab Bazar (Persian: مهراب بازار‎, also Romanized as Mehrāb Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mehrab Bazar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Springs Lookout Tower is a fire lookout tower in Kaibab National Forest near Big Springs, Arizona.	Big Springs Lookout Tower	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	B. C. Muslim School is a private K-7 Islamic school in Richmond, British Columbia, established in 1983.	B. C. Muslim School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frilsham is a village and civil parish centred 4 miles (6.4 km) NE of Newbury, in the English county of Berkshire.	Frilsham	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fladbury is a traditional English village located in rural Worcestershire, England.	Fladbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opoczka Mała (ɔˈpɔt͡ʂka ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Opoczka Mała	Gmina Annopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holyoke Canal System is a system of power canals in Holyoke, Massachusetts.	Holyoke Canal System	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ticonderoga, formerly Fort Carillon, is a large 18th-century star fort built by the French at a narrows near the south end of Lake Champlain in northern New York in the United States.	Fort Ticonderoga	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mardela Middle and High School (MMHS) is a seven-year public middle school / high school in Mardela Springs, Wicomico County, Maryland, United States.	Mardela Middle and High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaharchi (Persian: يهرچي‎, also Romanized as Yaharchī) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yaharchi	Nazarkahrizi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarbaz County (Persian: شهرستان سرباز‎) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Iran.	Sarbaz County	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisheh-e Sorkh (Persian: بيشه سرخ‎, also Romanized as Bīsheh-e Sorkh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bisheh-e Sorkh	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorashad (Persian: خراشاد‎, also Romanized as Khorāshād, Kharashad, and Khorshād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khorashad	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okni (mentioned in census records as Okni No. II, a census town) is a neighbourhood of Hazaribagh town in Hazaribagh district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Okni	Hazaribagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky View School Division No. 41 or Rocky View Schools (RVS) is the public school authority that serves Rocky View County in the province of Alberta.	Rocky View Schools	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unión de Tula is a town and municipality, in the Sierra de Amula region of the state of Jalisco in central-western Mexico.	Unión de Tula	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulberry Bend was an area in the notorious Five Points neighborhood in lower Manhattan, New York City.	Mulberry Bend	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sistanak (Persian: سيستانك‎, also Romanized as Sīstānak) is a village in Afin Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sistanak	Afin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghban Kalachi (Persian: باغبان كلاچي‎, also Romanized as Bāghbān Kalāchī and Bāghbān Kalācheh; also known as Bāghbān Kalā) is a village in Baraghan Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Baghban Kalachi	Baraghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumeh Dasht (Persian: لومه دشت‎, also Romanized as Lūmeh Dasht) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lumeh Dasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNLR is a commercial Christian contemporary music radio station in Bend, Oregon, broadcasting on 97.5 FM.	KNLR	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stronie Wieś (ˈstrɔɲɛ ˈvjɛɕ) (German: Seitenberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stronie Wieś	Gmina Stronie Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wolverine Wildcat is a wooden roller coaster at Michigan's Adventure, an amusement park near Muskegon, Michigan.	Wolverine Wildcat	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobbertin Abbey (Kloster Dobbertin) is a former Benedictine monastery of monks, afterwards housed a community of nuns, and later still a women's collegiate foundation, located in the municipality of Dobbertin near Goldberg in the district of Ludwigslust-Parchim in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Dobbertin Abbey	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hope Rosenwald School, also known as Hope School, is a former school at 1971 Hope Station Road near Pomaria, South Carolina.	Hope Rosenwald School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asarwa is a colony in Ahmedabad, India.	Asarwa	Ahmedabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	A Christmas Story House is a museum in Cleveland, Ohio's Tremont neighborhood.	A Christmas Story House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The I-90 Mississippi River Bridge is a plate girder bridge that connects La Crosse, Wisconsin to rural Winona County, Minnesota.	I-90 Mississippi River Bridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rollins Mountain is a mountain in Lincoln, Maine in northeastern Penobscot County.	Rollins Mountain	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philip Foster Farm is a historic site in Eagle Creek, Oregon, United States, near the city of Estacada.	Philip Foster Farm	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Ludab (Persian: دهنولوداب‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Lūdāb; also known as Dehnow) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Ludab	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghiazi (Persian: غياضي‎, also Romanized as Ghīāẕī and Gheyāẕī) is a village in Naseri Rural District, Khanafereh District, Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghiazi	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles Berry Bridge, in Lorain, Ohio along U.S. Route 6, is the second-largest bascule bridge in the world.	Charles Berry Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's Cathedral, Bendigo is the cathedral church of the Anglican Diocese of Bendigo in central Victoria, Australia.	St Paul's Cathedral, Bendigo	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karimabad-e Aqsi (Persian: كريم اباداقصي‎, also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Āqṣī; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Karimabad-e Aqsi	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krumme Lanke is a lake in the south west of Berlin, in the Steglitz-Zehlendorf borough of the city and on the edge of the Grunewald forest.	Krumme Lanke	Steglitz-Zehlendorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village of Withersdale Street is located within the rural parish of Mendham, on the Norfolk/Suffolk border, in the Waveney Valley.	Withersdale Street	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warwal is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan It is part of Chakwal Tehsil.	Warwal	Chakwal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Chub (Persian: گل چوب‎, also Romanized as Gol Chūb) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gol Chub	Gatab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Cod Hospital is a not-for-profit regional medical center located in Hyannis, Massachusetts.	Cape Cod Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMYZ-FM is a commercial radio station located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and licensed to Pryor, Oklahoma.	KMYZ-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasikhan Rural District (Persian: دهستان پسيخان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pasikhan Rural District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isidore Newman School is a private, nondenominational, co-educational college preparatory school located on an 11-acre (45,000 m2) campus in the Uptown section of New Orleans, Louisiana.	Isidore Newman School	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gierów (ˈɡʲɛruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gierów	Gmina Grodków	Brzeg County	Opole Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zapceń (ˈzapt͡sɛɲ) (Kashubian: Zôpceń) is a village in Gmina Lipnica, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zapceń	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milnerton is the location of two nature reserves which are owned and managed by the City of Cape Town.	Milnerton	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyrölä is a district and neighbourhood of Jyväskylä, Finland located 30 kilometres (19 mi) from the city centre.	Nyrölä	Jyväskylä
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Guamo (Spanish pronunciation: (el ˈɣwamo)) is a town and municipality located in the Bolívar Department, northern Colombia.	El Guamo	Bolívar Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staffordshire County Museum is housed in the Servants' Quarters of Shugborough Hall, Milford, near Stafford, Staffordshire, England.	Staffordshire County Museum	Shugborough Hall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moghamir (Persian: مغامير‎, also Romanized as Moghāmīr) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Moghamir	Qaranqu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rykkinn is a commuter town in the north-west of Bærum with about 10,000-15,000 inhabitants.	Rykkinn	Bærum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Touros (lit. ``bulls'') is a municipality in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil.	Touros	Rio Grande do Norte
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Finnish Museum of Natural History (Finnish: Luonnontieteellinen keskusmuseo, Swedish: Naturhistoriska centralmuseet), established in 1988, is a research institution under the University of Helsinki in Finland, based in Helsinki, Finland.	Finnish Museum of Natural History	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shihu Lake (Chinese: 石湖, literally Stone Lake) is a fresh water lake located in southeast of Suzhou, Jiangsu Province.	Shihu Lake	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKBV (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Sports Talk Information format to the Richmond, Indiana, USA area.	WKBV	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podawce (pɔˈdaft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podawce	Gmina Paprotnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Police Outpost Provincial Park is a provincial park in southern Alberta, Canada, located 32 kilometers (20 mi) south of Cardston.	Police Outpost Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Line Wall Curtain is a defensive curtain wall that forms part of the fortifications of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.	Line Wall Curtain	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Wołów (ˈstarɨ ˈvɔwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stary Wołów	Gmina Wołów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aren is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Aren	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augsburg Airport is a regional airport in Affing, 7 km northeast of the city of Augsburg, the third largest city in the German state of Bavaria.	Augsburg Airport	Affing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo Nazionale dell'Automobile (The National Automobile Museum), founded by Carlo Biscaretti di Ruffia, is an automobile museum in Turin, northern Italy.	Museo Nazionale dell'Automobile	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chermanangad (Cheramanagad / Chiramanangad) is a small village on the road between Kunnamkulam & Wadakanchery (Road No. SH50) in the Thrissur district of Kerala.	Chermanangad	Thrissur district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Market Weighton (/ˌmɑrkɨt ˈwiːtən/) is a small town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Market Weighton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twiston is a village and a civil parish in the Ribble Valley District, in the English county of Lancashire.	Twiston	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khar Posht-e Olya (Persian: خرپشت عليا‎‎, also Romanized as Khar Posht-e ʿOlyā; also known as Khar Posht) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khar Posht-e Olya	Chamsangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaworzyna (ɡavɔˈʐɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gaworzyna	Gmina Iłża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zereshkuh (Persian: زرشكوه‎, also Romanized as Zereshḵūh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Zereshkuh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleasant Valley Airport (ICAO: P48), is a privately owned public-use airport located in Peoria, in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.	Pleasant Valley Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Badoura State Forest is a state forest located in Cass County and Hubbard County, Minnesota, United States.	Badoura State Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tennis and Racquet Club is a private social club and athletic club located at 939 Boylston Street, in the Back Bay neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Tennis and Racquet Club	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muir Site, (15JS86), is an Early Fort Ancient culture archaeological site located in Jessamine County, Kentucky, in the Bluegrass region of the state.	Muir Site	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aden Crater is a small shield volcano, part of the Potrillo volcanic field of New Mexico.	Aden Crater	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Four Stairs is a historic home located at Great Falls, Fairfax County, Virginia.	Four Stairs	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Poczesna (kɔˈlɔɲa pɔˈt͡ʂɛsna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poczesna, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kolonia Poczesna	Gmina Poczesna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abderaz (Persian: ابدراز‎, also Romanized as Ābderāz and Āb Darāz) is a village in Golbibi Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abderaz	Golbibi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birodi Bari (Hindi: बिड़ोदी बड़ी) or Bidodi Badi or Beerodi Badi is a village in the laxmangarh administrative region of Sikar district of Indian state Rajasthan.	Birodi Bari	Sikar district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sendići (Serbian: Сендићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sendići	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The bicycle business of the Wright brothers, the Wright Cycle Company (originally the Wright Cycle Exchange) successively occupied five different locations in Dayton, Ohio.	Wright Cycle Company	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Susanbal (Persian: سوسنبل‎‎, also Romanized as Sūsanbal) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Susanbal	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jerome War Relocation Center was a Japanese American internment camp located in southeastern Arkansas near the town of Jerome.	Jerome War Relocation Center	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qul Estar (Persian: قول استر‎‎, also Romanized as Qūl Estar and Qūlaster; also known as Kulastar, Qolestar, Qolīstar, and Qūl Estīr) is a village in Nanur Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qul Estar	Nanur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butterfly Park is a city park of about 1 acre (0.4 ha) in southwest Portland, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Butterfly Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The D. B. Weldon Library is the largest academic library on the University of Western Ontario campus in London, Ontario, Canada, and one of the largest academic libraries in the country.	D. B. Weldon Library	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Belle Fourche Dam, also known as Orman Dam, is a dam on Owl Creek in Butte County, South Dakota, USA, approximately eight miles east of Belle Fourche, South Dakota, along U.S. Route 212.	Belle Fourche Dam	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sycamore Ranger Station, also known as Sycamore Work Center and as Sycamore Administrative Site, in Prescott National Forest near Camp Verde, Arizona was built in 1940 by the Civilian Conservation Corps.	Sycamore Ranger Station	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jask-e Kohneh (Persian: جاسك كهنه‎, also Romanized as Jāsk-e Kohneh; also known as Juna) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jask-e Kohneh	Jask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pornassio (Ligurian: Pornasce) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of Genoa and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Imperia.	Pornassio	Province of Imperia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curtis Creek is a tidal creek located in Baltimore City and Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	Curtis Creek	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nauticus is a maritime-themed science center and museum located on the downtown waterfront in Norfolk, Virginia, also known as the National Maritime Center.	Nauticus	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidgineh (Persian: بيدگينه‎, also Romanized as Bīdgīneh and Bīd Gīneh; also known as Bichneh, Bīd Geneh, Bīdkaneh, and Bitkinya) is a village in Golabar Rural District, in the Central District of Ijrud County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bidgineh	Golabar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hôtel Tubeuf is a Hôtel particulier in 2nd arrondissement of Paris that was built in 1635.	Hôtel Tubeuf	2nd arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berbeo is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, part of the subregion of the Lengupá Province.	Berbeo	Lengupá Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taher Gurab Rural District (Persian: دهستان طاهرگوراب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Taher Gurab Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Jangi (Persian: قلعه گنجي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Jangī) is a village in Ebrahimabad Rural District, Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 316, in 95 families.	Qaleh-ye Jangi	Ebrahimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabal al Akhdar (Arabic: الجبل الأخضر‎ al-Jabal al-Akhḍar, English: Green Mountains), also known as Jebel el-Akhdar, is one of the districts of Libya.	Jabal al Akhdar	Libya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kupowo (kuˈpɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Kupowo	Gmina Rutka-Tartak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper's Sawmill is a California Historical Landmark located almost two miles north of Forestville, California, and is located in the jurisdiction of Santa Rosa, in the United States.	Cooper's Sawmill	Santa Rosa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoveynes (Persian: خوينس‎; also known as Khovnes and Khūnes) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khoveynes	Buzi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkley State Forest is a small tract of forest land located near Route 24 in Berkley, Massachusetts.	Berkley State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Browns Pond, in the Town of New Windsor in Orange County, New York, USA, is the smaller of two reservoirs for the nearby City of Newburgh.	Browns Pond	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jimmy Carter National Historic Site, located in Plains, Georgia, preserves sites associated with James Earl ``Jimmy'' Carter, Jr. (1924--present), 39th President of the United States.	Jimmy Carter National Historic Site	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Bolagh-e Sofla (Persian: قره بلاغ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qareh Bolāgh-e Soflá) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Bolagh-e Sofla	Keshavarz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liberty Cap Glacier is a small glacier located near the summit of Mount Rainier, Washington.	Liberty Cap Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brigham City Airport (IATA: BMC, ICAO: KBMC, FAA LID: BMC) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Brigham City, in Box Elder County, Utah, United States.	Brigham City Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montagu Pass is situated in the Western Cape province of South Africa, on the unsigned road between Herold and George.	Montagu Pass	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forthampton is a village in Gloucestershire, England in the Cotswolds area.	Forthampton	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peters Beach or Peter Beach is a former barrier island located on the Jersey Shore of the Atlantic Ocean in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Peters Beach	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Müggelheim is a German locality (Ortsteil) within the Berlin borough (Bezirk) of Treptow-Köpenick.	Müggelheim	Treptow-Köpenick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Convent of Caloura (Portuguese: Convento da Caloura) is a Portuguese 16th-century convent located in the civil parish of Água de Pau, in the municipality of Lagoa, on the island of São Miguel in the archipelago of the Azores.	Convent of Caloura	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenshui County is a county in Shanxi Province, China under the administration of Lüliang city.	Wenshui County	Lüliang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treknow (in pronunciation the ``k'' is silent) is a small village in Tintagel civil parish, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom: it is the second largest settlement, and is located between Trevena and Trebarwith.	Treknow	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The sub-divisional capital Padum is a town of the Zanskar sub-division or tehsil in the Kargil district of Jammu and Kashmir state, India.	Padum	Kargil district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arjanavand (Persian: ارجناوند‎, also Romanized as Arjanāvand, Arjanāwand, and Arjenāvand) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Arjanavand	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahabad-e Jadid (Persian: مهابادجديد‎, also Romanized as Mahābād-e Jadīd; also known as Mahābād) is a village in Zozan Rural District, Jolgeh Zozan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahabad-e Jadid	Zozan Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shek Lei Pui Reservoir (Chinese: 石梨貝水塘) is a reservoir in Kam Shan Country Park, Sha Tin, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Shek Lei Pui Reservoir	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goongarrie National Park is a national park in Western Australia (Australia), 592 km (368 mi) east of Perth and about 94 km (58 mi) north of Kalgoorlie.	Goongarrie National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Writing Rock State Historical Site, located twelve miles (19 km) northeast of Grenora, North Dakota in Divide County near the Montana border, is the site of two large granite boulders, carved with petroglyphs featuring thunderbirds, mythological creatures that are of importance in the culture of Plains Indian tribes.	Writing Rock State Historical Site	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diraklu (Persian: ديركلو‎, also Romanized as Dīraklū; also known as Thirk ``Ali and Tork ``Alī) is a village in Qaslan Rural District, Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 26 families.	Diraklu	Qaslan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apostolic Bethlehem Temple Church is a historic church building in the Over-the-Rhine neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Apostolic Bethlehem Temple Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malmurzyn (malˈmuʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Malmurzyn	Gmina Mniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Wingfield is a large village in the English county of Derbyshire, located approximately 4½ miles south-east of Chesterfield, and 1 mile north-east of Clay Cross.	North Wingfield	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stewartby is a model village and civil parish in Bedfordshire, originally built for the workers of The London Brick Company.	Stewartby	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itchen Stoke and Ovington is a civil parish formed of two adjoining villages in Hampshire, England 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Alresford town centre in the valley of the River Itchen, 5 miles (8.0 km) north east of Winchester, and 2 miles (3.2 km) south east of Itchen Abbas.	Itchen Stoke and Ovington	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rijmenam is a village located in the Belgian province of Antwerp part of Bonheiden.	Rijmenam	Bonheiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sproat Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park near Port Alberni in British Columbia, Canada's Vancouver Island.	Sproat Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockland Community Church and Cemetery (also known as Old Rockland Church; Rockland Memorial Community Church ; United Bretheren Church; Mt. Zion Church) is a historic church building at 24225 Rockland Road in Golden, Colorado.	Rockland Community Church and Cemetery	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sycamore Tavern, also known as Shelburn's Tavern and Florence L. Page Memorial Library, is a historic inn and tavern located near Montpelier, Hanover County, Virginia.	Sycamore Tavern	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The city was the seat of Bogense Municipality until the 2007 Municipal Reform, when Bogense merged into the new Nordfyn Municipality.	Bogense	Nordfyn Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fifth Street Towers is a complex of two buildings in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Fifth Street Towers	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hälleforsnäs (in Flenish Helsingforsnäs) is a locality situated in Flen Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 1,585 inhabitants in 2010.	Hälleforsnäs	Flen Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangyao Subdistrict (simplified Chinese: 缸窑街道; traditional Chinese: 缸窯街道; pinyin: Gāngyáo Jiēdào; literally: ``jar kiln'') is a subdistrict of Lubei District, Tangshan, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Gangyao Subdistrict	Lubei District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pečine (pronounced (ˈpeːtʃinɛ)) is a village in the mountains above the right bank of the Idrijca River in the municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Pečine	Tolmin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fox Lake Cree Nation is a First Nations band government whose reserve is located in Fox Lake, Bird, Manitoba, Canada.	Fox Lake Cree Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pukinmäki (Swedish: Bocksbacka) is a district on the northeastern part of Helsinki, Finland.	Pukinmäki	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Jamal-e Zamani (Persian: خانجمال زماني‎, also Romanized as Khān Jamāl-e Zamānī and Khānjamāl-e Zamānī) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khan Jamal-e Zamani	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winona Site is an archaeological site in Coconino County in the state of Arizona, within the Coconino National Forest.	Winona Site	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burg Altenbaumburg, is a ruined castle above the municipality of Altenbamberg in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Altenbaumburg	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loschwitz is a borough (Ortsamtsbereich) of Dresden, Germany, incorporated in 1921.	Loschwitz	Dresden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qoran Talar (Persian: قران تالار‎, also Romanized as Qorān Tālār and Qorān Tālar; also known as Qorān Qālū) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qoran Talar	Babol Kenar Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vizanab (Persian: ويزناب‎, also Romanized as Vīzanāb) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vizanab	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobong District (Dobong-gu) is one of the 25 districts (gu) of Seoul, South Korea.	Dobong District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palacio Vistalegre is a multipurpose arena located in Madrid, Spain.	Palacio Vistalegre	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbas Yales-e Do (Persian: عباس يالس دو‎, also Romanized as ``Abbās Yāles-e Do) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 306, in 54 families.	Abbas Yales-e Do	Tarrah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harpeth River State Park is a state park in Cheatham and Davidson counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Harpeth River State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Chute Marine Railway is a boat lift at lock 44 of the Trent-Severn Waterway in Ontario, Canada.	Big Chute Marine Railway	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South San Juan Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located east of Pagosa Springs, Colorado in the San Juan national forest.	South San Juan Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shabkhus Sara (Persian: شبخوس سرا‎, also Romanized as Shabkhūs Sarā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shabkhus Sara	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotarwice (kɔtarˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kotarwice	Gmina Kowala
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Jerónimo Tlacochahuaya is a town and municipality in the Mexican state of Oaxaca, 21 km from the city of Oaxaca on Federal Highway 190 between Santa Maria del Tule and Mitla.	San Jerónimo Tlacochahuaya	Oaxaca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khezerlu (Persian: خضرلو‎; also Romanized as Kheẕerlū, Khezerlū, and Khezrlu) is a city in the Central District of Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khezerlu	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Hing Estate is the oldest existing public housing estate in Tuen Mun District.	Tai Hing Estate	Tuen Mun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Hyde Park is a neighborhood within the district of Hyde Park, which represents District 4 of the Tampa City Council.	West Hyde Park	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khargush Khani (Persian: خرگوش خاني‎, also Romanized as Khargūsh Khānī and Khargūsh Khūnī) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khargush Khani	Heshmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Władysławin (vwadɨˈswavin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Władysławin	Gmina Żółkiewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boggo Road Gaol (alt. and older spelling ``Bogga'') was a notorious and heritage-listed Australian prison located on Annerley Road in Dutton Park, an inner southern suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Boggo Road Gaol	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barclay Tower is a skyscraper located in Tribeca, a neighborhood in Lower Manhattan, New York City.	Barclay Tower	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is located 100 kilometres (62 miles) south of Poland's capital, Warsaw, on the Mleczna River, in (as of 1999) the Masovian Voivodeship, having previously been the capital of Radom Voivodeship (1975--1998).	Radom	Masovian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان اجارودشمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morris-Butler House is a Second Empire-style house built about 1864 in the Old Northside Historic District of Indianapolis, Indiana.	Morris-Butler House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace King High School is a public high school located in Metairie, unincorporated Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Grace King High School	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Kialagvik is a small poorly known stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska, United States.	Mount Kialagvik	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jekhish (Persian: جخيش‎, also Romanized as Jekhīsh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jekhish	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherman Falls is a 17 metre high curtain waterfall found in Ancaster Heights, the western end of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Sherman Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nimbus Dam is a base load hydroelectric dam on the American River near Folsom, California.	Nimbus Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dramiševo (Serbian Cyrillic: Драмишево) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dramiševo	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vigo di Fassa (Ladin: Vich de Fascia, German: Wiegen im Fasstal or Vig im Fasstal) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Trento.	Vigo di Fassa	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden is a sculpture garden located at the Museum of Fine Arts (MFAH) in Houston, Texas, United States.	Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cross Gates railway station serves Cross Gates, an area in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Cross Gates railway station	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Area Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: OR49) is a private heliport located one mile east of Coos Bay in Coos County, Oregon, United States.	Bay Area Hospital Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Honaker Trail is a hiking trail located near Goosenecks State Park in southeastern Utah.	Honaker Trail	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQSO-LP, formerly licensed to operate on (96.3 FM), was a low-power radio station licensed to Newberg, Oregon, United States.	KQSO-LP	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangal-e Behdan (Persian: تنگل بهدان‎, also Romanized as Tangal-e Behdān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tangal-e Behdan	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaženica is a suburb of Zadar, Croatia, located about 3 miles southeast from the city center, by the Adriatic Sea.	Gaženica	Zadar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bangui (French pronunciation: ​(bɑ̃ɡi)), or Bangî in Sango, formerly written Bangi in English, is the capital and largest city of the Central African Republic.	Bangui	Central African Republic
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1999 PGA Championship was the 81st PGA Championship, held August 12--15 at the Medinah Country Club in Medinah, Illinois, a suburb northwest of Chicago.	1999 PGA Championship	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ängsvik is a locality situated in Värmdö Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 403 inhabitants in 2010.	Ängsvik	Värmdö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skokówka (skɔˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skokówka	Gmina Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Grit is a small, scattered village beneath Corndon Hill in Powys, Wales, directly on the border with (and partly in) Shropshire.	White Grit	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bez Cheft (Persian: بزچفت‎) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bez Cheft	Babol Kenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burtner House (also known as Burtner Stone House) is located on Burtner Road in Harrison Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Burtner House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandygate Road is a football and cricket stadium in the Sheffield suburb of Crosspool, South Yorkshire, England.	Sandygate Road	Crosspool
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chikamin Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges, located between the west end of Eutsuk Lake and Whitesail Lake in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Chikamin Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSNR is licensed to Jersey City, New Jersey and transmits 3,000 watts days/7,600 watts night from towers in Lyndhurst, New Jersey, but has an application pending with the FCC to relocate its transmitter to the New Jersey Meadowlands and increase power to 15,000 watts day and night.	WSNR	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temecula Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area in southwestern Riverside County, California.	Temecula Valley AVA	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konizerlla is a village located 25 km away from Eluru, Thavichilaka Rayudupallem, Dharmajigudm and Gullapudi are some of the surrounding villages, this village comes under Lingapallem Mandal in West Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh.	Konizerlla	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feshkur (Persian: فشكور‎, also Romanized as Feshkūr and Fashkūr; also known as Fishkūr and Pashkur) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Feshkur	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohemia Manor High School is a public school operated by Cecil County Public Schools located approximately one mile south of the small town of Chesapeake City in Cecil County, Maryland.	Bohemia Manor High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Eccles School of Business is located on the campus in Salt Lake City, Utah.	David Eccles School of Business	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Awtano is a member of the Fakaofo island group of Tokelau.	Awtano	Tokelau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norton Bavant is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, 2 miles (3.2 km) southeast of Warminster.	Norton Bavant	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Gilmer is four miles (6 km) west of downtown Gilmer, Texas, in the United States.	Lake Gilmer	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crunwere (Welsh: Cronwern - also written Crunwear and Cronwere) is a hamlet and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales.	Crunwere	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Georgian Heights is a neighborhood in West Columbus, in Columbus, Ohio, United States.	Georgian Heights	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Sampuoir (3,023 m) is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps, located north of Il Fuorn (east of Zernez) in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Sampuoir	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Sineh (Persian: باغ سينه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Sīneh) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Sineh	Kharqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Another great historian of Kashmir, Mir Saidullah, the author of Bagh-i-Sulaiman, was from Doru Shahabad as well, as was Syed Mir Qasim, who served as Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister from 1971 to 1975.	Doru Shahabad	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunter Sportsplex is a multi-purpose sports facility located in Manhattan, New York, within the campus of Hunter College of the City University of New York.	Hunter Sportsplex	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KhTZ Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium and a city company located within a city neighborhood known as KhTZ near the Kharkiv Tractor Factory.	KhTZ Stadium	Kharkiv
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Ku (Persian: باغ كو‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Kū; also known as Bāgh Kūh) is a village in Taheri Rural District, in the Central District of Kangan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bagh Ku	Taheri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stroud Green ward is within the London Borough of Haringey.	Stroud Green	London Borough of Haringey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Star Hall was a Mission Hall in opened in 1889 in Ancoats, Manchester, founded by Francis Crossley (of Crossley Engines, later Crossley Motors) to meet the spiritual needs of his factory workers.	Star Hall	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Like much of Asturias and rural Spain in general, Sotres has experienced significant depopulation since the early 1970s.	Sotres	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geislingen (Steige) station is located at the 61.3 kilometre point of the Fils Valley Railway in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Geislingen (Steige) station	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria dei Carmini, also called Santa Maria del Carmelo and commonly known simply as the Carmini, is a large church in the sestiere, or neighbourhood, of Dorsoduro in Venice, northern Italy.	Carmini	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srashen (Armenian: Սրաշեն; formerly, Kilisakyand) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Srashen	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belcher Family Homestead and Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Berkshire in Tioga County, New York.	Belcher Family Homestead and Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chaco Wash is an arroyo (a periodic stream) cutting through Chaco Canyon, which is located in northwestern New Mexico on the Colorado Plateau.	Chaco Wash	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walerków (vaˈlɛrkuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Walerków	Gmina Sobolew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hargreaves Building is a former bank in Chapel Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.	Hargreaves Building	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Moondarra is an artificial lake on the Leichhardt River in Queensland, Australia, 16 km downstream from the town of Mount Isa. It provides water to the city and the adjacent Mount Isa Mines (MIM) mining lease.	Lake Moondarra	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bommer Weiher are a series of fish ponds near Alterswilen in the municipality of Kemmental, Canton of Thurgau, Switzerland.	Bommer Weiher	Thurgau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kresson Golf Course is a public 18-hole golf course founded in 1960 in the Kresson section of Voorhees Township, New Jersey.	Kresson Golf Course	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annalagraharam is a village in the Kumbakonam taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu.	Annalagraharam	Thanjavur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnaka is a major residential and technology suburb in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.Tarnaka literally translates as ``wired checkpost''.	Tarnaka	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielona Huta (ʑeˈlɔna ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zielona Huta	Gmina Konarzyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trolley Square is a partially enclosed shopping center located in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.	Trolley Square	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gedo (Somali: Gedo, Arabic: جوبا الوسطى‎) is an administrative region (gobol), formerly part of the historic Upper Juba Region in southern Somalia.	Gedo	Somalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obrzębin (ɔˈbʐɛmbin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Obrzębin	Gmina Turek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camault Muir is a scattered crofting community, that is part of the village of Kiltarlity, in Inverness-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Camault Muir	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHEP (1580 AM) is a radio station licensed to Tempe, Arizona.	KHEP	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster is a metropolitan borough of South Yorkshire in Yorkshire and the Humber Region of England.	Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster	South Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jurowlany (jurɔˈvlanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Jurowlany	Gmina Krynki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guadiana International Bridge (Spanish: Puente Internacional; Portuguese: Ponte Internacional) is a bridge that crosses the Guadiana River connecting southern Spain (town of Ayamonte) and Portugal (town of Castro Marim).	Guadiana International Bridge	Ayamonte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gedintailor (Scottish Gaelic: Gead an t-Sailleir) is a crofting village, lying on the shores of the Narrows of Raasay on the east coast of the island of Skye in Scotland and is in the council area of Highland.	Gedintailor	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grójec Wielki-Gajówka (ˈɡrujɛt͡s ˈvjɛlki ɡaˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grójec Wielki-Gajówka	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quitupan is a town and municipality located in the southeastern region of the Mexican state of Jalisco.	Quitupan	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dryszczów (ˈdrɨʂt͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dryszczów	Gmina Żmudź
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point May is the most southerly community on the Burin Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador with a population of about 150-250 people.	Point May	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilpatti is a Panchayat in Kodaikanal Taluk of Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu state, South India.	Vilpatti	Dindigul district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chorkh Ab (Persian: چرخ اب‎, also Romanized as Chorkh Āb) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chorkh Ab	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple of the Dutch German Congregation (It. Tempio della Congregazione Olandese Alemanna), known more simply as the Dutch German Church, is situated in Livorno, on the stretch of the Fosso Reale canal that runs between Piazza della Repubblica and Piazza Cavour.	Temple of the Dutch German Congregation	Livorno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jungle Habitat, which was in West Milford, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, was a Warner Bros.-owned theme park that opened in the summer of 1966, and closed in October 1976.	Jungle Habitat	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Gonzales is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River 4 miles (6 km) southeast of the town of Belmont in Gonzales County, Texas.	Lake Gonzales	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plutki (ˈplutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Plutki	Gmina Dywity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobbegem is a village that is now part of the municipality of Asse, Flemish Brabant, Belgium.	Kobbegem	Asse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ski Martock is a ski resort located near Windsor, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Ski Martock	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badraq-e Nuri (Persian: بدراق نوري‎, also Romanized as Badrāq-e Nūrī) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Badraq-e Nuri	Katul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craggaunowen is the name of a 16th-century castle and an archaeological open-air museum in County Clare, Ireland.	Craggaunowen	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 155 Reservoir Road in Brookline, Massachusetts is a well-preserved Greek Revival house.	House at 155 Reservoir Road	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eagles Auditorium Building is a seven story historic theatre and apartment building in Seattle, Washington.	Eagles Auditorium Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Man (Persian: تنگمان‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Mān; also known as Jamālābād) is a village in Tashan Rural District, Riz District, Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tang-e Man	Tashan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gartly (Scots: Gairtlie, Scottish Gaelic: Gartaidh) is an inland hamlet in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Gartly	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Illinois State Capitol, located in Springfield, Illinois, is the building that houses the executive and legislative branches of the government of the U.S. state of Illinois.	Illinois State Capitol	Springfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uhlenburg is the site (Burgstall) of a lowland castle that was built in the 14th century close to the River Aller near Essel in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Uhlenburg	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. John Hugh Gillis Regional High School (often referred to as The Regional) is a secondary school located in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Dr. John Hugh Gillis Regional High School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chishti Sharif District is the most easterly district in Herat Province, Afghanistan, situated along the Hari River and one of its northern tributaries.	Chishti Sharif District	Herat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Länsi-Pakila (Finnish), Västra Baggböle (Swedish) is a neighbourhood in Northern Helsinki, about nine kilometers from the city center.	Länsi-Pakila	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTUZ-FM (106.7 FM, ``La Z'') is a Regional Mexican radio station serving the Oklahoma City Metroplex area and is owned by Tyler Media.	KTUZ-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzymałków (ɡʐɨˈmau̯kuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Grzymałków	Gmina Mniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nirthaan or Nirthan village is in Sonipat district of Haryana.	Nirthan	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Żelechowska (ˈvɔla ʐɛlɛˈxɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Żelechowska	Gmina Żelechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Cable, Australia was a World War II army training base near Logan Village, Queensland, Australia.	Camp Cable	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gnaraloo is a working pastoral station and wilderness tourism business located in the Gnaraloo Bay in the Shire of Carnarvon, Western Australia.	Gnaraloo	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Springville Museum of Art in Springville, Utah is the oldest museum in Utah for the visual fine arts.	Springville Museum of Art	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzeszów Dolny (ˈkʂɛʂuf ˈdɔlnɨ) (Ukrainian: Крешів Долішній, Kreshiv Dolishnii) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszów, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Krzeszów Dolny	Gmina Krzeszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Female Asylum (1800-1910) was an orphanage in Boston, Massachusetts, ``for the care of indigent girls.''	Boston Female Asylum	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Safe Haven Museum and Education Center is a museum in Oswego, New York that tells the story of 982 mainly Jewish refugees who fled Europe in the U S Government ``Safe Haven'' program.	Safe Haven Museum and Education Center	Oswego
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tadwai is a village and a mandal in Nizamabad district in the state of Telangana in India, located between Kamareddy and Nijamsagar.	Tadwai	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawia (ˈdavja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyse, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dawia	Gmina Łyse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harford Mall is a shopping mall owned by CBL & Associates Properties that is located near the junction of Maryland Route 24 and U.S. Route 1, about 32 miles (51 km) north of Baltimore, in Bel Air, Maryland.	Harford Mall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlestone is a small village and civil parish in Daventry District, Northamptonshire, England.	Harlestone	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Stareh (Persian: باغ ستاره‎‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Stāreh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Stareh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Manistee Pierhead lights are a pair of active aids to navigation located on the north and south pier in the harbor of Manistee, Michigan, ``Lake Michigan's Victorian Port City.''	Manistee Pierhead lights	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snagov (population: 6,041) is a commune, located 40 km north of Bucharest in Ilfov County, Romania.	Snagov	Ilfov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jakunowo (jakuˈnɔvɔ) (German: Jakunowen, 1929-1945 Angertal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Jakunowo	Gmina Węgorzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGEO-LP (105.7 FM, ``Georgetown Emergency Operations Radio'') is a low-power radio station licensed to Georgetown, South Carolina, USA.	WGEO-LP	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rymer Point is a cape in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut.	Rymer Point	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Technical Education Center Osceola (TECO) is an institution in unincorporated Osceola County, Florida, United States designed to train individuals for entry-level employment and to improve current job skills for employed students.	Technical Education Center Osceola	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azari Rural District (Persian: دهستان آذری‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Azari Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riley Lucas Bartholomew House is a historic house museum in Richfield, Minnesota, United States, originally the home of prominent early Minnesotan Riley Bartholomew (1807--1894).	Riley Lucas Bartholomew House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wild Gutach (German: Wilde Gutach) is a river in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Wild Gutach	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brierley (pronounced as ``bry''-``early'') is a town and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, England.	Brierley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coggeshall Farm Museum is a non-profit farm museum in Colt State Park in Bristol, Rhode Island, U.S.A..	Coggeshall Farm Museum	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doyle Peak is in the San Francisco Peaks of northern Arizona and is the fourth highest peak, but the sixth highest named point in the state of Arizona with an elevation of 11,464 feet (3,494 m).	Doyle Peak	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalerm Phrakiat 72nd Anniversary Stadium (Thai: สนามกีฬาเฉลิมพระเกียรติ 72พรรษา) is a multi-purpose stadium in Min Buri District, Bangkok, Thailand.	72nd Anniversary Stadium	Min Buri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeglówek (jɛˈɡluvɛk), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jeglówek	Gmina Krasnopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Multnomah Hotel, located in downtown Portland, Oregon, United States, is a historic hotel building listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Multnomah Hotel	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Padmanabham is a village and mandal in the Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Padmanabham	Visakhapatnam district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Ferry Public Schools is a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Little Ferry in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Little Ferry Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gastown is a national historic site in Vancouver, British Columbia, at the northeast end of Downtown adjacent to the Downtown Eastside.	Gastown	Vancouver
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Dwór Pelpliński (ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur pɛlˈpliɲski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowy Dwór Pelpliński	Gmina Pelplin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Zuiyeh (Persian: ده زوييه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Zū’īyeh, Deh Zū’īyeh, Deh-e Zūyeh, and Deh Zoo’eyeh; also known as Deh-e Zū) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Zuiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordberga Castle (Swedish: Jordberga slott) is a castle in Trelleborg Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Jordberga Castle	Trelleborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Savaran (Persian: بيدسواران‎, also Romanized as Bīd Savārān) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bid Savaran	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sid Richardson Museum is located in historic Sundance Square in Fort Worth, Texas, and features paintings by Frederic Remington and Charles M. Russell, as well as some additional late 19th-century works about the American West.	Sid Richardson Museum	Fort Worth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zajączki Pierwsze (zaˈjɔnt͡ʂki ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzepice, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zajączki Pierwsze	Gmina Krzepice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mariscal Ramón Castilla Province (Spanish mariscal marshal, ``Marshall Ramón Castilla'') is one of the seven provinces in the Loreto Region of Peru.	Mariscal Ramón Castilla Province	Loreto Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostry Róg (ˈɔstrɨ ˈruk) (German: Scharfenort) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ostry Róg	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balut Geru (Persian: بلوط گرو‎, also Romanized as Balūţ Gerū) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Balut Geru	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Inland Steel Building, located at 30 W. Monroe Street in Chicago, is one of the city's defining commercial high-rises of the post-World War II era of modern architecture.	Inland Steel Building	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Chase Field is a former naval air station located in Beeville, Texas.	Naval Air Station Chase Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	At the 2001 municipal reform, most of the former municipality of Nieuwleusen was incorporated into the municipality of Dalfsen.	Nieuwleusen	Dalfsen
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNLK (1350 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Norwalk, Connecticut.	WNLK	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Marco dei Cavoti is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located near the Fortore River valley.	San Marco dei Cavoti	Province of Benevento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Kabud-e Chovari (Persian: ده كبودچواري‎, also Romanized as Deh Kabūd-e Chovārī; also known as Deh-i-Kabūd, Deh Kabūd, and Deh Qabūt) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Kabud-e Chovari	Nurali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asiab Dargah (Persian: اسيابدرگاه‎, also Romanized as Āsīāb Dargāh) is a village in Nesa Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Asiab Dargah	Nesa Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Burstead is an urban settlement in Essex, England - it is contiguous with the town of Billericay.	Great Burstead	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsz Shan Monastery (Chinese: 慈山寺) is a large Buddhist temple located in Tung Tsz, Tai Po District, Hong Kong.	Tsz Shan Monastery	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasanabad-e Band (Persian: حسن ابادبند‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Band; also known as Ḩasanābād, Ḩoseynābād, and Husainābād) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hasanabad-e Band	Nur Ali Beyk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Munroe Regional Medical Center is an acute care community hospital in Ocala, Florida.	Munroe Regional Medical Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of Las Vegas Boulevard South in Clark County, Nevada, internationally known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos along its route.	Las Vegas Strip	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former DeRham Farm is located along Indian Brook Road just off NY 9D in the Town of Philipstown, north of Garrison, New York, United States.	DeRham Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Surf Ballroom (the Surf) is a Historic Rock and Roll Landmark at 460 North Shore Drive, Clear Lake, Iowa.	Surf Ballroom	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nickell Memorial Armory is a Kansas National Guard armory, located at 2722 SW Topeka Blvd., Topeka, Kansas 66611.	Nickell Memorial Armory	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elmira College Old Campus is the historic part of Elmira College in Elmira, New York.	Elmira College Old Campus	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jirsar-e Vishka (Persian: جيرسرويشكا‎, also Romanized as Jīrsar-e Vīshkā; also known as Jīrsar-e Vīshkāh) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jirsar-e Vishka	Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Good Shepherd Lutheran School was a parochial school in Inglewood, California, affiliated with the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod, Pacific Southwest District (LCMS).	Good Shepherd Lutheran School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kościeleczki (kɔɕt͡ɕɛˈlɛt͡ʂki) (German Warnau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malbork, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kościeleczki	Gmina Malbork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Behdasht (Persian: بهدشت‎; also known as Behdast, Karmo, Karmu, Kermū, and Kirmu) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Behdasht	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of the Madonna dell'Archetto (English: Our Lady of the Little Arch) is a small oratory in Rome, in the Trevi rione.	Madonna dell'Archetto	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milwaukee Mile is an approximately one mile-long (1.6 km) oval race track in the central United States, located on the grounds of the Wisconsin State Fair Park in West Allis, Wisconsin, a suburb west of Milwaukee.	Milwaukee Mile	West Allis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barmeh-ye Khuni (Persian: برمه خوني‎, also Romanized as Barmeh-ye Khūnī) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Barmeh-ye Khuni	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naznaz (Persian: نازناز‎, also Romanized as Nāznāz) is a village in Dul Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Naznaz	Dul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Abiz (Persian: تل ابيض‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Ābīẕ; also known as Tall-e Bīz and Tol Bīz) is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall-e Abiz	Jereh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The population, at last estimate, rested at 30,931 (2012 est.) Located in the red earth, green hills, and fast flowing streams of southwestern Burkina Faso, Gaoua is the capital of Poni Province and forms a sort of capital for the sacred rites and bush lore of the Lobi peoples.	Gaoua	Poni Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blair College is now Everest College, a for-profit college in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Blair College	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kipawa River (in French: Rivière Kipawa) is a short river in western Quebec, Canada.	Kipawa River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelisheh (Persian: شليشه‎, also Romanized as Shelīsheh) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shelisheh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneqah-e Sadat (Persian: خانقاه سادات‎, also Romanized as Khāneqāh-e Sādāt and Khāneqāh Sādāt; also known as Khanaya) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khaneqah-e Sadat	Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joel E. Ferris High School is a four-year public high school in Spokane, Washington, part of Spokane Public Schools.	Joel E. Ferris High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rokitno Szlacheckie (rɔˈkitnɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łazy, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rokitno Szlacheckie	Gmina Łazy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Funeshabad (Persian: فونش اباد‎, also Romanized as Fūneshābād; also known as Fonūshābād, Panishabad, Pīshābād, and Qūneshābād) is a village in Abharrud Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Funeshabad	Abharrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miodusy (mjɔˈdusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Miodusy	Gmina Gozdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Bazuiyeh (Persian: ده بازوييه‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Bāzūīyeh) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Bazuiyeh	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vicovu de Sus (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌvikovu de ˈsus); German: Oberwikow) is a town in northern Suceava County, on the border with Ukraine.	Vicovu de Sus	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Whatcom (from the Lummi word for ``loud water'') is located in Whatcom County, Washington.	Lake Whatcom	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tech Valley High School is a four-year technical high school located on the campus of the SUNY Polytechnic Institute College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering in Albany, New York.	Tech Valley High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oosternijkerk (West Frisian: Easternijtsjerk) is a village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Oosternijkerk	Dongeradeel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamanthi, Htamanthi or Tamanthe is a village on the Chindwin River in Homalin Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	Tamanthi	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cowan High School is located in Cowan, Indiana in Southern Delaware County in east central Indiana.	Cowan High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Darbas (Persian: چاه داربس‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dārbas; also known as Chāh-e Dārbast) is a village in Kuhak Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah-e Darbas	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFHK (1430 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Pell City, Alabama, USA.	WFHK	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grodnia (ˈɡrɔdɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grodnia	Gmina Mochowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Zalikha (Persian: چشمه زليخا‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Zalīkhā) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Zalikha	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Place des Pyramides is a public square in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, France.	Place des Pyramides	1st arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hephzibah High School is a high school located in south Richmond County in the town of Hephzibah, Georgia, United States.	Hephzibah High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łąkie-Gogolin (ˈwɔnkʲɛ ɡɔˈɡɔlin) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łąkie-Gogolin	Gmina Lipka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leepa-Rattner Museum of Art is a modern and contemporary art museum located on the campus of St. Petersburg College in Tarpon Springs, Florida.	Leepa-Rattner Museum of Art	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roseland Plantation is a historic plantation complex site in Faunsdale, Alabama.	Roseland Plantation	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porto Real (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpoʁtu ʁeˈaw)) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.	Porto Real	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان عباس شرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District	Tekmeh Dash District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wadouba is a commune in the Cercle of Bandigara of the Mopti Region of Mali.	Wadouba	Mopti Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikyátki is an archeological site and former Hopi village spanning 40,000 to 60,000 square metres (430,000 to 650,000 sq ft) on the eastern side of First Mesa, in what is now Navajo County in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Sikyátki	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred H. Smith Memorial Bridge is a railroad bridge spanning the Hudson River at Castleton-on-Hudson and Selkirk, New York in the United States.	Alfred H. Smith Memorial Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nag's Head Island is an island in the River Thames in England at Abingdon.	Nag's Head Island	Abingdon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Koger Center for the Arts is an arts center located in Columbia, South Carolina, on the University of South Carolina campus.	Koger Center for the Arts	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clus Abbey (Kloster Clus) was an abbey near Bad Gandersheim in Lower Saxony.	Clus Abbey	Bad Gandersheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oswego Theater, now known as Oswego 7 Cinemas, is a historic movie theater located at Oswego in Oswego County, New York.	Oswego Theater	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divdan (Persian: ديودان‎, also Romanized as Dīvdān) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Divdan	Byaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangi Kola (Persian: زنگي كلا‎, also Romanized as Zangī Kolā) is a village in Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zangi Kola	Ahlamerestaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fileh Varin (Persian: فيله ورين‎, also Romanized as Fīleh Varīn, Fīlahwarīn, Pīlehvarīn, Filakhvarin, and Fīlehvarīn; also known as Fīleh Vardīn, Filwarin, and Pīleh Vardīn) is a village in Niyarak Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Fileh Varin	Niyarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Juan (Uganik) Seaplane Base (IATA: WSJ / UGI, FAA LID: WSJ) is a public use seaplane base located in San Juan (Uganik), in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	San Juan (Uganik) Seaplane Base	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Academy of Excellence (formerly Central High School) is a high school located at 3221 Indiana Avenue in Kansas City, Missouri and it is part of the Kansas City Public Schools.	Central Academy of Excellence	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Staatsburgh State Historic Site preserves a Beaux-Arts mansion designed by McKim, Mead, and White and the home's surrounding landscape in the hamlet of Staatsburg, Dutchess County, New York, USA.	Staatsburgh State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malden Catholic High School is a private, Catholic secondary school for young men located in Malden, Massachusetts.	Malden Catholic High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niagara Falls State Park is located in the City of Niagara Falls, New York in Niagara County.	Niagara Falls State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton-on-Ouse is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England, about 7 miles (11 km) north-west of York.	Newton-on-Ouse	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad Gian (Persian: حسين ابادگيان‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād Gīān; also known as Hosein Abad and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Giyan Rural District, Giyan District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad Gian	Giyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hook-Powell-Moorman Farm is a historic farm complex and national historic district located near Hales Ford, Franklin County, Virginia.	Hook-Powell-Moorman Farm	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazinan Rural District (Persian: دهستان مزينان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Davarzan District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazinan Rural District	Davarzan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soltan-e Velayat (Persian: سلطان ولايت‎, also Romanized as Solţān-e Velāyat, Soltan Valayat, and Solţān Velāyat) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Soltan-e Velayat	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Wierzbowska (ˈvɔla vjɛʐˈbɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opinogóra Górna, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Wierzbowska	Gmina Opinogóra Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Varsity is a restaurant chain, iconic in the modern culture of Atlanta, Georgia.	The Varsity	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fayyazabad (Persian: فياض اباد‎, also Romanized as Fayyāẕābād; also known as Khowrshīd) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Fayyazabad	Miyan Ab Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scatness is a settlement on the headland of Scat Ness at the southern tip of the South Shetland Mainland, Scotland, across the West Voe of Sumburgh from Sumburgh Head and close to Sumburgh Airport, the Shetland Islands' main airport.	Scatness	Shetland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Overtoun House is a 19th-century country house and estate in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.	Overtoun House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castel Gabbiano is a comune in the north of the Province of Cremona, in Lombardy, Italy.	Castel Gabbiano	Province of Cremona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghshan-e Gach (Persian: باغشن گچ‎, also Romanized as Bāghshan-e Gach and Bāghshan Gach; also known as Bāghash Kach, Bāghash Gach, Baghīshan, and Bāghīshan Gach) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baghshan-e Gach	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maimonides Schools for Jewish Studies (MSJS) is a degree-granting institution invested with university powers operating pursuant to an act of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Ontario 1968-69.	Maimonides Schools for Jewish Studies	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donaustauf is a market town in Bavaria, 5 km (3 mi) east of Regensburg at the foothills of the Bavarian Forest.	Donaustauf	Regensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selseleh County (Persian: شهرستان سلسله‎) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran.	Selseleh County	Lorestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartorial Contemporary Art moved to Kings Cross in October 2008 where it has built a reputation for embracing newly emerging artists.	Sartorial Contemporary Art	Kings Cross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orfi (Persian: عارفي‎, also Romanized as ``Orfī; also known as ``Alafī and Arfī) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 381, in 99 families.	Orfi	Sarjam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Ferrassie is an archaeological site in Savignac-de-Miremont, in the Dordogne department, France.	La Ferrassie	Savignac-de-Miremont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Ratyniec (ˈnɔvɨ raˈtɨɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Ratyniec	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catterick Garrison is a major garrison and town located 3 miles south of Richmond in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.	Catterick Garrison	Richmondshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenlawn Collegiate is a public English language secondary school in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, located at 770 St. Mary's Road, Elm Park in the suburb of St. Vital.	Glenlawn Collegiate	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ramaz School is a coeducational, private Modern Orthodox Jewish prep school located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.	Ramaz School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guelph Bus Terminal, was the main intercity bus station in Guelph, Ontario until May 2012, when it was replaced by Guelph Central Station.	Guelph Bus Terminal	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuko-En on the Elkhorn, the official Kentucky-Japan Friendship Garden, is located in Georgetown, Kentucky on the north fork of Elkhorn Creek.	Yuko-En on the Elkhorn	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umred is a city and a municipal council in Nagpur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Umred	Nagpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Qalatan-e Bala (Persian: پاقلاتان بالا‎, also Romanized as Pā Qalātūn-e Bālā) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pa Qalatan-e Bala	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ropka industrial district (Estonian: Ropka tööstusrajoon) is a neighbourhood of Tartu, Estonia.	Ropka industrial district	Tartu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apazapan is a municipality located in the central zone in the State of Veracruz, about 65 km from state capital Xalapa.	Apazapan	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portrane or Portraine (Irish: Port Reachrann, meaning ``landing place of Reachrainn'' (the nearby offshore island)) is a small seaside town one kilometre from, and merging into the larger town of Donabate in Fingal, north County Dublin, Ireland.	Portrane	County Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Douglass School is a mixed Roman Catholic secondary school with a sixth form located in the London Borough of Barnet.	Bishop Douglass School	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choja (ˈxɔja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Choja	Gmina Zbuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port Costa School served the community of Port Costa, California from 1911 until it was closed in 1966 due to consolidation.	Port Costa School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haimen (simplified Chinese: 海门; traditional Chinese: 海門; pinyin: Hǎimén, Qihai dialect: (haɪ.məŋ), Shanghai: (hɛ̝.məŋ)) is a county-level city under the administration of Nantong, Jiangsu province, with a population of approximately 1 million.	Haimen	Nantong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perris Depot is a railroad depot built in 1892 to serve Perris, California.	Perris Depot	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoogovensmuseum is a museum located on the northern side of the North Sea Canal sluice gates at IJmuiden, in the former ``buizengieterij'' (pipe making factory) of Hoogovens on the Buizenweg in Velsen-Noord.	Hoogovensmuseum	Velsen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartland River is a perennial river of the East Gippsland catchment, located in the Australian state of Victoria.	Hartland River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congress Hall is a building near the intersection of Chestnut and 6th Streets in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that served as the seat of the United States Congress from December 6, 1790 to May 14, 1800.	Congress Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singleton's Graveyard is an historic plantation cemetery located off SC 261 in the High Hills of Santee six miles south of Wedgefield, South Carolina.	Singleton's Graveyard	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Malek (Persian: چاه ملک‎, also Romanized as Chāh Malek) is a village in Biabanak Rural District, in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah Malek	Biabanak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Lanier Hunt Arboretum (over 100 acres) is an arboretum and natural area that forms part of the North Carolina Botanical Garden.	William Lanier Hunt Arboretum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoharkuh (Persian: ظهركوه‎, also Romanized as Ẕoharkūh; also known as Zārkūh) is a village in Khenaman Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zoharkuh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gas Street Basin (grid reference SP062866) is a canal basin in the centre of Birmingham, England, where the Worcester and Birmingham Canal meets the BCN Main Line.	Gas Street Basin	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arifiye is a district center of Sakarya Province, Turkey.	Arifiye	Sakarya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyf Taleh (Persian: سيف طاله‎, also Romanized as Seyf Ţāleh; also known as Sefatāleh) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Seyf Taleh	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dominion Cinema is an independent Streamline Moderne cinema located in the Edinburgh suburb of Morningside.	Dominion Cinema	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamay Botany Bay National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Sydney metropolitan region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Kamay Botany Bay National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święciechów (ɕfjɛnˈt͡ɕɛxuf) (German: Silberberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwest Poland.	Święciechów	Gmina Drawno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żylicze (ʐɨˈlit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Żylicze	Gmina Krynki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Episcopal Methodist Church of Chester is a historic church located at the intersection of 2nd Street and Madison Avenue in Chester, Montana.	First Episcopal Methodist Church of Chester	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Tavern is a historic tavern and workshop on Broad Street in Milton, North Carolina.	Union Tavern	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guillermo Prospero Trinidad Stadium (officially known as Compleho Deportivo Guillermo Prospero Trinidad) is a multi-purpose stadium in Oranjestad, Aruba.	Trinidad Stadium	Oranjestad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elliott R. Corbett House is a historic home built in the Colonial Revival style in 1915, and located in the Dunthorpe neighborhood south of Portland, Oregon, United States.	Elliott R. Corbett House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Potter's Wax Museum is located at 31 Orange Street (formerly 1 King Street from 1948 to 1986, 17 King Street from 1987 to 2013), St. Augustine, Florida, United States.	Potter's Wax Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanyabayonga (also Kanya Bayonga, Kanyabayungu) is a town in Lubero Territory, North Kivu province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kanyabayonga	Lubero Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anakkampoyil is a village near to Thiruvambady town in Kozhikode district of Kerala, India.	Anakkampoyil	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duz Anbar (Persian: دوزعنبر‎, also Romanized as Dūz ``Anbar) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 47 families.	Duz Anbar	Chendar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzierzkowice-Zastawie (d͡ʑɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ zasˈtavjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dzierzkowice-Zastawie	Gmina Dzierzkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benjamin West Birthplace is a historic home located on the campus of Swarthmore College in Swarthmore, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.	Benjamin West Birthplace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nokhvod Tappeh (Persian: نخودتپه‎, also Romanized as Nokhowd Tappeh; also known as Nukbūd Tepe) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nokhvod Tappeh	Sarab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmaneh-ye Olya (Persian: بلمانه عليا‎, also Romanized as Belmāneh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Belmāneh-ye Rafīqābād) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 27 families.	Belmaneh-ye Olya	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montereau-Fault-Yonne (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃.tʁo fot jɔn)), or simply Montereau, is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Montereau-Fault-Yonne	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vannivelampatti(Tamil: வன்னிவேலம் பட்டி), is a Gram panchayat in Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vannivelampatti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Maktoum Stadium (Arabic: ملعب آل مكتوم‎) is a multi-purpose stadium in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Al-Maktoum Stadium	Dubai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beverley Acres Public School is a French immersion elementary public school in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada, in the York Region District School Board.	Beverley Acres Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver College (referred to informally as VC) is an independent university-preparatory Catholic school for boys located in the Shaughnessy neighbourhood of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver College	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badluarach (Scottish Gaelic: Am Bad Luachrach) is a small village on the south shore of Little Loch Broom, in Wester Ross in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Badluarach	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Prairie Reserve (APR) is an independent non-profit organization that has privately undertaken a project in northeastern Montana to create a wildlife conservation area of over three million contiguous acres through a combination of both private and public lands.	American Prairie Reserve	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moradabad-e Do (Persian: مراد آباد2‎, also Romanized as Morādābād-e Do; also known as Morādābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Moradabad-e Do	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brampton Gateway Terminal is a Brampton Transit bus station serving the south-central and western areas of Brampton, Ontario.	Brampton Gateway Terminal	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holden Lutheran Church Parsonage is a historic church parsonage in Wanamingo Township, Minnesota, United States.	Holden Lutheran Church Parsonage	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Multicultural Western Heritage Museum, formerly the National Cowboys of Color Museum and Hall of Fame, is a museum and hall of fame in Fort Worth, Texas.	National Multicultural Western Heritage Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Joseph Point Light was a lighthouse on the mainland north of present-day Port St. Joe, Florida, across the entrance to St. Joseph Bay from St. Joseph Point.	St. Joseph Point Light	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrganush (Armenian: Մրգանուշ; formerly, Zohrablu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Mrganush	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Lebanon Chapel and Cemetery, also known as Lebanon Chapel, is a historic Episcopal chapel and cemetery located on SR 1411 in Wrightsville Beach, New Hanover County, North Carolina.	Mount Lebanon Chapel and Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Springs Trace Fossil Natural Area is a 40-acre privately owned site in Fremont County, Colorado.	Indian Springs Trace Fossil Natural Area	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	12 Downing Street is one of the buildings situated on Downing Street in the City of Westminster in London, England.	12 Downing Street	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łagiewki (waˈɡʲɛfki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łagiewki	Gmina Kołaczkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłady (ˈkwadɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kłady	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richmond Vale Railway Museum operates a railway and museum located at Richmond Vale south of Kurri Kurri, New South Wales.	Richmond Vale Railway Museum	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mala Cikava (pronounced (ˈmaːla tsiˈkaːʋa)) is a settlement east of the town of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Mala Cikava	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Kato is a winter sports facility in Minnesota, offering facilities for skiing, snowboarding, snow tubing and mountain biking.	Mount Kato	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière is a parish municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality.	Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière	Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samogród (saˈmɔɡrut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Samogród	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meshk Abdan (Persian: مشك ابدان‎, also Romanized as Meshk Ābdān) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Meshk Abdan	Hanza District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Ab Shahi (Persian: احمدابادابشاهي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Āb Shāhī) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Ab Shahi	Dehshir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuthenkully or Kuthenkuli (Tamil: கூத்தன்குழி) is a village in Tamil Nadu, India.	Kuthenkully	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blair's Ferry Storehouse is a historic brick structure in the U.S. city of Loudon, Tennessee.	Blair's Ferry Storehouse	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaj-e Sofla (Persian: كرج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Karaj-e Soflá) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karaj-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiel (German: (ˈkiːl)) is the capital and most populous city in the northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein, with a population of 240,832 (June 2014).	Kiel	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morocco Temple (also known as the Morocco Temple, Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine) is a historic Shrine building in Jacksonville, Florida.	Morocco Temple	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viracachá is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, part of the subregion of the Márquez Province, Colombia.	Viracachá	Márquez Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	XHNOE-FM (branded as Stereo 91 FM) is a Spanish-language Talk format FM radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, USA and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.	XHNOE-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Princess Margaret Rose Cave is a limestone cave located in Lower Glenelg National Park in Victoria, Australia.	Princess Margaret Rose Cave	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Moule is the sixth-largest commune in the French overseas department of Guadeloupe.	Le Moule	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warfstermolen (West Frisian: Warfstermûne) (Low Saxon: Warfstermeul) is a village in Kollumerland c.a., in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Warfstermolen	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albert Community Centre (built in 1912) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Varsity View, neighborhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Albert Community Centre	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joliet Memorial Stadium is a 10,000-seat multipurpose stadium located in Joliet, Illinois.	Joliet Memorial Stadium	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Grimstead is a village in Grimstead civil parish, on the River Dun in Wiltshire, England, about 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Salisbury.	East Grimstead	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks Field at Wallace Wade Stadium is a stadium on the campus of Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, United States.	Wallace Wade Stadium	Durham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ryan Cottage is a historic cure cottage located at Saranac Lake in the town of Harrietstown in Franklin County, New York, USA.	Ryan Cottage	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siaposht (Persian: سياپشت‎, also Romanized as Sīāposht; also known as Sīāh Posht) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siaposht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carrick High School is a public school in the Carrick neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Carrick High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dobbin House Tavern, known also as Dobbin House, on 89 Steinwehr Avenue in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania is a tavern which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Dobbin House Tavern	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Royal Funicular Railway, also known as the Mountain Park Funicular Railway and the Mount Royal Elevator, was a funicular railway serving Mount Royal Park in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, from 1884 to 1918.	Mount Royal Funicular Railway	Mount Royal Park
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Madi (Persian: شيخ مادي‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Mādī; also known as Sheykh Mehdī) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Madi	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eram Rural District (Persian: دهستان ارم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Eram Rural District	Eram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timi Jan (Persian: تيميجان‎, also Romanized as Tīmī Jān; also known as Tīmjān) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Timi Jan	Khorram Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solok (means valley) is a city in West Sumatra, Indonesia.	Solok	West Sumatra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haw River is a tributary of the Cape Fear River, approximately 110 mi (177 km) long, that is entirely contained in north central North Carolina in the United States.	Haw River	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namdar-e Pain (Persian: نامدرپائين‎, also Romanized as Nāmdar-e Pā’īn; also known as Nāmdar, Nāndar, and Nāndar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Namdar-e Pain	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Famułki Brochowskie (faˈmuu̯ki brɔˈxɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Famułki Brochowskie	Gmina Brochów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rich Bottom Farm is a historic home located near Purcellville, Loudoun County, Virginia.	Rich Bottom Farm	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igły (ˈiɡwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Igły	Gmina Stary Targ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mur Daran (Persian: موردران‎, also Romanized as Mūr Darān and Mūr-e Darān; also known as Mowlādarān) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mur Daran	Fathabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John R. Rogers High School is a four-year public secondary school in Spokane, Washington, part of Spokane Public Schools (District No. 81).	John R. Rogers High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llansilin is a village and local government community in Powys, Wales, about 6 miles west of Oswestry.	Llansilin	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ficarra is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) east of Palermo and about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of Messina, in the Monti Nebrodi.	Ficarra	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Pahranagat Range is a Lincoln County, Nevada, mountain range in the Muddy River Watershed.	East Pahranagat Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gysmanshoek Pass, is situated in the Western Cape, province of South Africa between Heidelberg Wc and Warmwaterberg.	Gysmanshoek Pass	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southern Guilford High School was founded in 1930 in the Sumner area of Guilford County, North Carolina.	Southern Guilford High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darginek (darˈɡinɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Darginek	Gmina Bobolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmhurst Christian Reformed Church is a congregation of the Christian Reformed Church in North America located on the southern edge of Elmhurst, Illinois.	Elmhurst Christian Reformed Church	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrożanka (ɔstrɔˈʐaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirzec, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ostrożanka	Gmina Mirzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reza Khanluy-e Sofla (Persian: رضاخانلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Reẕā Khānlūy-e Soflá; also known as Reẕā Khānlū and Reẕā Khānlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Reza Khanluy-e Sofla	Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pershing County Courthouse in Lovelock, Nevada is a Classical Revival building built in 1920-21.	Pershing County Courthouse	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward A. Brackett House is a historic octagon house at 290 Highland Avenue in Winchester, Massachusetts.	Edward A. Brackett House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Shore Riverfront Park is a small municipal park along the north banks of the Allegheny and Ohio Rivers across from Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	North Shore Riverfront Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sham Chun River (also called Shenzhen River or Shenzhen He) serves as the natural border between Hong Kong and Mainland China, together with the Sha Tau Kok River.	Sham Chun River	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capitol Lake is a 3 kilometer long, 260-acre (1.1 km2) artificial lake at the mouth of Deschutes River in Tumwater/Olympia, Washington.	Capitol Lake	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St Vincent's Works (grid reference ST602725) is at Silverthorne Lane in Bristol, England.	St Vincent's Works	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knorydy Średnie (knɔˈrɨdɨ ˈɕrɛdɲɛ) (Ukrainian: Кнориди Середні, Knorydy Seredni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Knorydy Średnie	Gmina Bielsk Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilgit-Baltistan (Urdu: گلگت بلتستان‎), formerly known as the Northern Areas of Pakistan is the northern most administrative territory of Pakistan.	Gilgit-Baltistan	Pakistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craighead Caverns is an extensive cave system located in between Sweetwater and Madisonville, Tennessee.	Craighead Caverns	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słup-Kolonia (ˈswup kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słup-Kolonia	Gmina Szulborze Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmberg and Johnson Blacksmith Shop is a historic building at 122 N. Main Street in Lindsborg, Kansas.	Holmberg and Johnson Blacksmith Shop	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cehu Silvaniei (Hungarian: Szilágycseh, until 1854 Szilágy-Cseh, meaning ``Czechs of Szilágy'') is a town in Sălaj County, Transylvania, Romania.	Cehu Silvaniei	Sălaj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danbalid (Persian: دنبليد‎, also Romanized as Danbalīd) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Danbalid	Pain Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gleidingen is a part of the town of Laatzen in the district of Hanover, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Gleidingen	Laatzen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saddleback Church is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Lake Forest, California, situated in southern Orange County, affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention.	Saddleback Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidkhun-e Morghak (Persian: بيدخون مرغك‎, also Romanized as Bīdkhūn-e Morghak; also known as Bīd Khān and Bīd Khūn) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bidkhun-e Morghak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Panieńska (ˈvulka paˈɲeɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Panieńska	Gmina Zamość
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Sabbatia is a freshwater lake in Taunton, Massachusetts, near Watson Pond State Park.	Lake Sabbatia	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSAC-FM (105.5 FM, ``Money 105.5'') is a business news / talk radio station based in Sacramento, California, United States.	KSAC-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oroville Chinese Temple is a Chinese temple built in 1863 in Oroville, California.	Oroville Chinese Temple	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsukisamu Dome (月寒ドーム) is an indoor sporting arena located in Toyohira-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.	Tsukisamu Dome	Sapporo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Wood Mansion was built between 1835 and 1838 by John Wood, who in 1860 became the 12th governor of Illinois on the death of Governor William Bissell.	John Wood Mansion	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emilianów-Pośrednik (ɛmiˈljanuf pɔˈɕrɛdnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Emilianów-Pośrednik	Gmina Koźminek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lycée Chaptal, formerly the Collège Chaptal, is a large secondary school in the 8th arrondissement of Paris with about 2,000 pupils.	Lycée Chaptal	8th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parley Hunt House is a historic home listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bunkerville, Nevada, United States.	Parley Hunt House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of Constantine (German: Konstantinbasilika), or Aula Palatina, at Trier, Germany is a Roman palace basilica that was built by the emperor Constantine (AD 306--337) at the beginning of the 4th century.	Aula Palatina	Trier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodwood House is a country house in Westhampnett, West Sussex, England.	Goodwood House	Westhampnett
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mzdowiec (ˈmzdɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Misdow) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mzdowiec	Gmina Kępice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karatagi is a town in Gangavathi of Koppal district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Karatagi	Koppal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Faro Restaurant is a small Spanish food emporium located at 823 Greenwich Street in Manhattan, New York's West Village since it opened in 1927.	El Faro Restaurant	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Acker and Evans Law Office (also known as Ogdensburg Bank) is a historic office building located at Ogdensburg in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Acker and Evans Law Office	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mellon National Bank Building (also known as Lord & Taylor Department Store) at 514 Smithfield Street in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was completed in 1924 after Mellon acquired the property in August 1916 from the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad which had their regional offices on the site.	Mellon National Bank Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zillertal Railway or Zillertalbahn is a 760 mm (2 ft 5 15⁄16 in) gauge independent railway running along the valley of the river Ziller (Zillertal) from Jenbach to Mayrhofen within the Tyrol area of Austria and is nearly 32 km long.	Zillertal Railway	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catasauqua Creek is a creek located in Lehigh and Northampton counties in Pennsylvania.	Catasauqua Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anacortes Community Forest Lands (ACFL) consists of mostly forested lands surrounding and adjoining Little Cranberry, Heart, and Whistle Lakes on Fidalgo Island, west and south of Anacortes, Washington.	Anacortes Community Forest Lands	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittaker Chambers Farm, Carroll County, Maryland (designated on May 17, 1988):	Whittaker Chambers Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łęczyna (wɛnˈt͡ʂɨna) (German: Lenz Borkenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Dąbrowa, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łęczyna	Gmina Stara Dąbrowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielobycz (vʲɛˈlɔbɨt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wielobycz	Gmina Gorzków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Maria College is a small, private, Roman Catholic liberal arts college located in Buffalo, New York within the Diocese of Buffalo.	Villa Maria College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Koel after the main sponsor, is a multi-purpose stadium in Venlo, Netherlands.	De Koel	Venlo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loew's Jersey Theatre is a movie palace type theater and live entertainment venue located in Jersey City, New Jersey.	Loew's Jersey Theatre	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saponara (Sicilian: Sapunara) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) east of Palermo and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) west of Messina.	Saponara	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Bains Des Docks (The Bath by the docks) is an Aquatic Center in the city of Le Havre, France.	Les Bains Des Docks	Le Havre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Miedniewska (ˈvɔla mjɛdˈɲɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Miedniewska	Gmina Wiskitki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tor House and Hawk Tower are buildings in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, built by poet Robinson Jeffers.	Tor House and Hawk Tower	Carmel-by-the-Sea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phoenix Plaza is a mixed use office complex located in midtown Phoenix, Arizona.	Phoenix Plaza	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mother Teresa Women's University is a public university located at Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu, India.	Mother Teresa Women's University	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verkhnyadzvinsk Raion is a second-level administrative subdivision (Raion) of Belarus in the Vitebsk Region.	Verkhnyadzvinsk Raion	Vitebsk Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	SkyCity, originally known as the Eye of the Needle, is a revolving restaurant situated atop the Space Needle in Seattle, Washington.	SkyCity	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Greifenstein is a ruined castle in the commune of Saverne in the Bas-Rhin département of France.	Château de Greifenstein	Saverne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarychowo (jarɨˈxɔvɔ) (German: Neuhütte) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Jarychowo	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahriz-e Jamal (Persian: كهريزجمال‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Jamāl and Kahrīz Jamāl; also known as Kahrīz-e Jamāl od Dīn) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kahriz-e Jamal	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warragamba Dam, a concrete gravity dam, creates Lake Burragorang, the primary reservoir for water supply for the Australian city of Sydney, New South Wales.	Warragamba Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Winnibigoshish is a body of water in north central Minnesota, in the Chippewa National Forest.	Lake Winnibigoshish	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Jose Convention Center is the main convention center for the city of San Jose, California.	San Jose Convention Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartcliffe is the name of both a council ward and a Outer Suburb of the city of Bristol in the United Kingdom which lies within that ward.	Hartcliffe	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mniszew (ˈmniʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Magnuszew, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mniszew	Gmina Magnuszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Salkuyeh (Persian: بالاسالكويه‎, also Romanized as Bālā Sālkūyeh; also known as Sālkūyeh and Sālkūyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Daryasar Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Salkuyeh	Daryasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyzylorda Region (Kazakh: Қызылорда облысы, Qızılorda oblısı; Russian: Кызылординская область, Kyzylordinskaya oblast) is a region of Kazakhstan.	Kyzylorda Region	Kazakhstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cahuenga Boulevard is a major boulevard of northern Los Angeles, California, US.	Cahuenga Boulevard	Los Angeles
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dickson Range is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges subset of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwest-central British Columbia.	Dickson Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carleton Place is a town in Eastern Ontario, Canada, in Lanark County, about 46 kilometres (29 mi) west of downtown Ottawa.	Carleton Place	Lanark County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obidza (ɔˈbʲid͡za) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Obidza	Gmina Łącko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barbarki (barˈbarki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Barbarki	Gmina Śrem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eola-Amity Hills AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in Polk County and Yamhill County, Oregon.	Eola-Amity Hills AVA	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rousham is a village and civil parish beside the River Cherwell in Oxfordshire.	Rousham	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schweighouse-Thann (German: Schweighausen) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Schweighouse-Thann	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dwight Yorke Stadium, located in Bacolet, Tobago, (Trinidad and Tobago), is named after former Aston Villa, Manchester United, Blackburn Rovers, Birmingham City, Sydney, Sunderland and Trinidad and Tobago footballer Dwight Yorke.	Dwight Yorke Stadium	Bacolet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sponheim is a municipality in the district of Bad Kreuznach in Rhineland-Palatinate in western Germany.	Sponheim	Bad Kreuznach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żydowski Bród (ʐɨˈdɔfski ˈbrut) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Żydowski Bród	Gmina Jutrosin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Illawarra Regional Airport (also known as Wollongong Airport) (IATA: WOL, ICAO: YWOL) is an airport located in Albion Park Rail, 18 km (11 mi) southwest of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Illawarra Regional Airport	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzi Brod is a neighborhood situated in Niš, in Serbia.	Brzi Brod	Niš
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort de Portzic was built near the town of Brest by Vauban between 1693 and 1699 as part of the defences of the goulet de Brest.	Fort de Portzic	Brest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żyłki (ˈʐɨu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulan-Majorat, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Żyłki	Gmina Ulan-Majorat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doug Shaw Memorial Stadium is a 6,500-capacity multi-use stadium located in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and the home of Myrtle Beach FC.	Doug Shaw Memorial Stadium	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilmainhamwood, historically simply Killmainham (Irish: Cill Mhaighneann), is a village and townland in north County Meath, Ireland.	Kilmainhamwood	County Meath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linnanmäki (Swedish: Borgbacken, colloquially Lintsi, literal translation Castle Hill) is an amusement park in Helsinki, Finland.	Linnanmäki	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newark Assembly was a Chrysler (DaimlerChrysler from 1998-2007) automobile factory in Newark, Delaware.	Newark Assembly	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brisbane Grammar School (BGS) is an independent, Non-denominational, day and boarding school for boys, located in Spring Hill, an inner suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Brisbane Grammar School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sleeping Giant Wilderness Study Area is a non-motorized recreation area located on the west side of the Missouri River and Holter Lake located about 30 miles (48 km) north of Helena, Montana.	Sleeping Giant Wilderness Study Area	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Totternhoe is a village and civil parish in the Manshead hundred of the county of Bedfordshire, England.	Totternhoe	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atchafalaya National Wildlife Refuge is located about 30 miles (48 km) west of Baton Rouge, Louisiana and one mile (1.6 km) east of Krotz Springs, Louisiana lies just east of the Atchafalaya River.	Atchafalaya National Wildlife Refuge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomianka (pɔˈmjanka) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Recz, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pomianka	Gmina Recz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Historic Oakwood is a neighborhood in downtown Raleigh, North Carolina, United States, on the National Register of Historic Places, and known for its Historic Oakwood Cemetery, its many Victorian houses and its location close to the Mordecai Plantation Manor.	Historic Oakwood	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashideh (Persian: رشيده‎, also Romanized as Rashīdeh, Reshīdeh, and Rosheydeh) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rashideh	Abdoliyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anancaun (Scottish Gaelic: Àth nan Ceann) is a small hamlet located in Ross-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Anancaun	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eisstadion am Gutenbergweg (English: Gutenberg-road ice hockey venue) is an indoor sporting arena located in Landshut, Germany.	Eisstadion am Gutenbergweg	Landshut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaspul (Persian: واسپول‎, also Romanized as Vāspūl) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vaspul	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Luzitânia (Portuguese for ``New Lusitania'') is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Nova Luzitânia	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay de Noquet Lumber Company Waste Burner is an industrial waste burner located at the south end of River Street in Nahma Township, Michigan.	Bay de Noquet Lumber Company Waste Burner	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Mesa is a mesa located at 352047N 1035215W in San Miguel County, New Mexico, northeast of Tucumcari.	Carpenter Mesa	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achnashellach (Gaelic: Achadh nan Seileach) is an area in Wester Ross in the Highlands of Scotland, and within the Highland council area.	Achnashellach	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Neacola (or Neacola Peak) is the unofficial name for the high point of the Neacola Mountains, the northernmost section of the Aleutian Range of Alaska.	Mount Neacola	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Mountain Ski Hill is a ski area located on the outskirts of Dawson Creek, British Columbia, Canada.	Bear Mountain Ski Hill	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frances Lehman Loeb Art Center is a teaching museum, major art repository, and exhibition space on the campus of Vassar College, in Poughkeepsie, New York, USA.	Frances Lehman Loeb Art Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarnbury Castle is the site of a multiphase, multivallate iron age hillfort near the village and civil parish of Steeple Langford, two miles along the A303 from Winterbourne Stoke, in Wiltshire.	Yarnbury Castle	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fox Chapel Area High School (Established in 1961) is a public school located in the Pittsburgh suburb of O'Hara Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Fox Chapel Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali minaret (Persian: مناره علی‎) is a historical minaret in Isfahan, Iran.	Ali minaret	Isfahan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrett Mountain is a mountain located in south-central New Hampshire within the Wapack Range of mountains.	Barrett Mountain	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linkery was a farm-to-table restaurant in North Park, San Diego, California that specialized in natural meat, local food, fine wines, craft beer, and cask ale.	The Linkery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khomarak (Persian: خمارك‎, also Romanized as Khomārak; also known as Khovārak, Khuārak, and Khumarak) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khomarak	Sojas Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ketou Township (simplified Chinese: 科头乡; traditional Chinese: 科頭鄉; pinyin: Ketou Xiang) is a rural township in Xinhua County, Loudi City, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.	Ketou Township	Xinhua County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łysaków-Kolonia (wɨˈsakuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaklików, within Stalowa Wola County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Łysaków-Kolonia	Gmina Zaklików
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashak-e Sepahdari (Persian: ماشك سپهداري‎, also Romanized as Māshak-e Sepahdārī; also known as Māshak, Māshak-e Şafādārī, Māshak-e Tehrānī, and Moshak) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mashak-e Sepahdari	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vittel (archaic German: Wittel) (French pronunciation: ​(viˈtɛl)) is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France.	Vittel	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bredwardine is a village in Herefordshire, England, located off the B4352 road in the west of the county.	Bredwardine	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Okkalapa Township (Burmese: မြောက်‌ဥက္ကလာပ မြို့နယ် (mjaʊʔ ʔoʊʔkəlàpa̰ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the eastern part of Yangon.	North Okkalapa Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adakkakundu is a village in Kalikavu Panchayat, Nilambur taluk in Malappuram district in the state of Kerala in southwest India.	Adakkakundu	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Semley is a village in Sedgehill and Semley civil parish in Wiltshire, England.	Semley	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhtehi (Persian: سوخته اي‎, also Romanized as Sūkhteh’ī) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sukhtehi	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żaków (ˈʐakuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żaków	Gmina Siennica
located in the administrative territorial entity	McGown's Pass Tavern was a refreshment house on McGowan's Pass in Central Park in New York City, near 104th Street west of Fifth Avenue.	McGown's Pass Tavern	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzikowa (d͡ʑiˈkɔva) (German: Ebersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dzikowa	Gmina Mietków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Isabel do Rio Negro (Saint Isabel of Black River) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Amazonas.	Santa Isabel do Rio Negro	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pallathuruthy is a village in the Kuttanad region, in the district of Alappuzha, in the state of Kerala, India.	Pallathuruthy	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop International Airport (IATA: FNT, ICAO: KFNT) is a commercial and general aviation airport located in Flint, Michigan.	Bishop International Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludwinowo Dębskie (ludviˈnɔvɔ ˈdɛmpskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ludwinowo Dębskie	Gmina Serock
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podśmigiel (pɔtɕˈmiɡʲɛl) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Podśmigiel	Gmina Śmigiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yasok is a village development committee in Panchthar District in Mechi Zone of Limbuwan in Nepal.	Yasok	Panchthar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mojave Solar Project (MSP) is a concentrated solar power (CSP) facility in the Mojave Desert in California, about 20 miles (32 km) northwest of Barstow.	Mojave Solar Project	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Hall is an on-campus field house on the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.	Barton Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Woodanilling is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, about 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of Wagin and about 260 kilometres (162 mi) south-southeast of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Woodanilling	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Karwowska (ˈvulka karˈvɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wólka Karwowska	Gmina Bargłów Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherwood Park Mall is a shopping mall located in the Sherwood Park, Alberta, Canada.	Sherwood Park Mall	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friday Harbor Airport (IATA: FRD, ICAO: KFHR, FAA LID: FHR) is a public use airport located just southwest of the town center of Friday Harbor on San Juan Island in the U.S. state of Washington.	Friday Harbor Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloud Chamber for the Trees and Sky is an outdoor exhibit by Chris Drury located in the museum park of the North Carolina Museum of Art. The chamber itself is a round building built of stone, wood, and turf with a single door to admit the viewer.	Cloud Chamber for the Trees and Sky	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joseph Paris House (also known as ``Airplane House'' or ``Peace House'') is an historic house at 101 E. Fifth Street in Port Angeles, Washington.	Joseph Paris House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centrium (Chinese: 中央廣場) is a skyscraper located in the Central district of Hong Kong.	The Centrium	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashreigney is a village and civil parish in the Torridge district of Devon, England, about 15 miles south of the town of Barnstaple.	Ashreigney	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wankaner is a city and a municipality in Rajkot district in the State of Gujarat.	Wankaner	Rajkot district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Branch Pier was a pier located at 65 Ocean Ave, in Long Branch, New Jersey, United States.	Long Branch Pier	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Karbala Darreh Dahak (Persian: دشت كربلادره دهك‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Karbalā Darreh Dahak; also known as Dasht-e Karbalā and Karbalā'') is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Karbala Darreh Dahak	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reedy River Falls Historic Park and Greenway, now known as Falls Park, runs along both banks of Reedy River from the falls to Church Street, in Greenville, South Carolina.	Reedy River Falls Historic Park and Greenway	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEXS-FM (106.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Ravenwood, Missouri, USA broadcasting a religious format.	KEXS-FM	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Release State Monument is located on the edge of Montevideo, Minnesota, United States, just off Highway 212.	Camp Release State Monument	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leamington Hastings is a small village and larger civil parish in Warwickshire, England.	Leamington Hastings	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Heydar (Persian: بنه حيدر‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Ḩeydar) is a village in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Heydar	Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melbourne Observatory was founded in 1862 to serve as a scientific research institution for the rapidly growing city of Melbourne, the capital of the colony of Victoria.	Melbourne Observatory	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumaco is a port city and municipality in the Nariño Department, Colombia, by the Pacific Ocean.	Tumaco	Nariño Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adirondack Museum, located on NY-30 in the hamlet of Blue Mountain Lake in Hamilton County, New York, is a museum dedicated to preserving the history of the Adirondacks.	Adirondack Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahram Beyk (Persian: بهرامبيك‎, also Romanized as Bahrām Beyk; also known as Bahrām Beyg, Bairambai, Bayrambey, and Bayrām Beyk) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bahram Beyk	Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gabriel Valley Airport (formerly El Monte Airport) (IATA: EMT, ICAO: KEMT, FAA LID: EMT) is a public airport one mile (1.6 km) north of El Monte, in Los Angeles County, California.	San Gabriel Valley Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darwen is a market town and civil parish located in Lancashire, England.	Darwen	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDTR is a non-commercial, Christian FM radio station licensed to serve Imlay City, Michigan.	WDTR	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senen (meaning Monday in Indonesian) is one of the historic subdistricts of Central Jakarta, Indonesia.	Senen	Central Jakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church Stretton is a small town in Shropshire, England, 13 miles (21 km) south of Shrewsbury and 15 miles (24 km) north of Ludlow.	Church Stretton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krapkowice County (Polish: powiat krapkowicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Krapkowice County	Opole Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bożejewko (bɔʐɛˈjɛfkɔ) (German: Hammergut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bożejewko	Gmina Bierzwnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarčujak is a suburb situated in Kraljevo municipality in Serbia.	Jarčujak	Kraljevo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guoshan Stele (Chinese: 国山碑) is a stele located at the west foot of Guoshan Mountain in Zhangzhu Town, Yixing City, Jiangsu Province in China.	Guoshan Stele	Yixing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grande-Terre Island (French: île de Grande-Terre or île de la Grande-Terre) is the name of the eastern-half of Guadeloupe proper, in the Lesser Antilles.	Grande-Terre	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Łęknica (ˈnɔva wɛŋˈkɲit͡sa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowa Łęknica	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otisville Correctional Facility is a medium-security state prison located in Orange County, New York, USA.	Otisville Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torbeqan (Persian: تربقان‎, also Romanized as Torbeqān) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Torbeqan	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płóczki Górne (ˈpwut͡ʂki ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Ober Görisseiffen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Płóczki Górne	Gmina Lwówek Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Kuhi (Persian: باباكوهي‎, also Romanized as Bābā Kūhī) is a village in Ashkara Rural District, Fareghan District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Baba Kuhi	Ashkara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmich (Persian: گرميچ‎, also Romanized as Garmīch) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Garmich	Lalehabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mileham is a village approximately mid way between East Dereham and Fakenham in Mid Norfolk.	Mileham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ślepuchowo (ɕlɛpuˈxɔvɔ) (German: Friedensort) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ślepuchowo	Gmina Oborniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Known as Robinson Secondary School, it is located in Fairfax, a suburb southwest of Washington, D.C. Opened 45 years ago in 1971, Robinson is located south of Braddock Road near George Mason University, and is administered by the Fairfax County Public Schools.	Robinson Secondary School	Fairfax
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Gallery of Ireland (Irish: Gailearaí Náisiúnta na hÉireann) houses the Irish national collection of Irish and European art. It is located in the centre of Dublin with one entrance on Merrion Square, beside Leinster House, and another on Clare Street.	National Gallery of Ireland	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. O.B. Harriman House, also known as the Harriman Nielsen Historic Farm, is an historic structure located in Hampton, Iowa, United States.	Dr. O.B. Harriman House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District (Persian: دهستان مرحمت آبادمياني‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Marhemetabad District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marhemetabad-e Miyani Rural District	Marhemetabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Rod Grange No. 114 is a historic grange hall on New Hampshire Route 32 in Swanzey, New Hampshire, United States.	Golden Rod Grange No. 114	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tianmen (simplified Chinese: 天门; traditional Chinese: 天門; pinyin: Tiānmén; literally: ``sky gate'') is a sub-prefecture-level city(or:county-level city in some ways) in central Hubei Province, People's Republic of China.	Tianmen	Hubei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neuenhäusen is a suburb of the town of Celle in Lower Saxony, Germany, and lies south of the Altstadt (old town) in its centre.	Neuenhäusen	Celle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamienna-Kolonia (kaˈmjɛnna kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kamienna-Kolonia	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laboratory for Automation Psychology (LAP) (also Laboratory for Automation Psychology and Decision Processes or LAPDP) was founded in 1983 by Kent Norman and Nancy Anderson as an affiliate of the University of Maryland Human--	Laboratory for Automation Psychology	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teresópolis (Portuguese pronunciation: (teɾeˈzɔpolis)) is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Rio de Janeiro, in a mountainous region known as Região Serrana.	Teresópolis	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinlet Hall is an 18th-century English country house at Kinlet, Shropshire, England, now occupied by an independent day and residential school.	Kinlet Hall	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolaniny (vɔlaˈninɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wolaniny	Gmina Biłgoraj
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Medicine Bow Mountains are a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains that extend for 100-mile (160 km) from northern Colorado into southern Wyoming.	Medicine Bow Mountains	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahyat is a village in Satara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.It is situated on the banks of the River Krishna.It is about 21 km from Wai, Maharashtra.	Dahyat	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drukowszczyzna (drukɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Drukowszczyzna	Gmina Supraśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seymour Lodge is a Victorian Gothic mansion located in Perth Road, Dundee, Scotland.	Seymour Lodge	Dundee	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pájaros is one of the 12 settlements in the District of Bayamón, Puerto Rico.	Pájaros	Bayamón, Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Highwood Mountains are an island range (sub-range of the Rockies entirely surrounded by prairie) which cover approximately 4,659 km² (1,799 sq mi) in north central Montana in the U.S., east of Great Falls and Benton Lake National Wildlife Refuge, at the northern end of the Lewis and Clark National Forest.	Highwood Mountains	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quinta del Sordo (English: Villa of the Deaf), or Quinta de Goya, was the name of an extensive estate and country house situated on a hill in the old municipality of Carabanchel on the outskirts of Madrid.	Quinta del Sordo	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Miners Foundry (previously Nevada Foundry; Nevada Iron Foundry and Machine Shop, George Allan's Foundry and Machine Works,American Victorian Museum (AVM), Miners Foundry and Supply Company; currently Miners Foundry Cultural Center) is located at 325 Spring Street, Nevada City, California, USA.	Miners Foundry	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utonie (uˈtɔɲe) (German: Thonfeld) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Utonie	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habsburg Castle (German: Schloss Habsburg) is a medieval fortress located in Habsburg, Switzerland in the canton of Aargau, near the Aar River.	Habsburg Castle	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pencahue (Spanish pronunciation: (peŋˈkawe)) is a town and commune in Chile, located in Talca Province, in the seventh region of Maule.	Pencahue	Talca Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Deben is a river in Suffolk rising in Debenham -to be precise it has two main sources and there are others, mostly fields' runoff (excess water)- then passing through Woodbridge, turning into a tidal estuary before entering the North Sea at Felixstowe Ferry.	River Deben	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmayne is a development of housing, and adjunct facilities, in Balgriffin, a northern suburb of Dublin, Ireland, commenced in 2006/7.	Belmayne	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Keswick is a village and civil parish in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England.	East Keswick	Leeds	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aiguille Peak is a peak located on the Canadian provincial boundary of Alberta and British Columbia in Banff National Park.	Aiguille Peak	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamaz Tappeh (Persian: چمازتپه‎, also Romanized as Chamāz Tappeh) is a village in Gahrbaran-e Shomali Rural District, Gahrbaran District, Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chamaz Tappeh	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calve Island is an uninhabited island on the east coast of the Isle of Mull in Argyll and Bute on the west coast of Scotland.	Calve Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	City Hospital railway station, situated on Donegall Road, serves Belfast City Hospital and the surrounding area of south Belfast, Northern Ireland.	City Hospital railway station	Belfast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vijainagar (also written Sri Vijainagar or Sri Bijaynagar) is a city and a municipality in Sri Ganganagar district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Vijainagar	Sri Ganganagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Perrin House is a historic house at 464 River Road in western Andover, Massachusetts.	William Perrin House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabinteely House finally passed into possession of Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown County Council in 1984.	Cabinteely	Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanjarian (Persian: سنجريان‎, also Romanized as Sanjārīān, Sangareyūn, and Sangarīān) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Sanjarian	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mateiros is the easternmost city in the state of Tocantins.	Mateiros	Tocantins
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luino (Western Lombard: Lüin) is a small town and comune near the border with Switzerland on the eastern shore of Lake Maggiore, in the Province of Varese (Lombardy, northern Italy).	Luino	Province of Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Ammonoosuc River is a tributary of the Connecticut River that flows through Coös County in northern part of the northeastern U.S. state of New Hampshire.	Upper Ammonoosuc River	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albert Lammers House is a historic house in Stillwater, Minnesota, United States, built circa 1893.	Albert Lammers House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friendship Fountain is a large fountain in Jacksonville, Florida.	Friendship Fountain	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yatesville Dam (National ID # KY82201) is a dam in Lawrence County, Kentucky in the far eastern part of the state, close to the town of Louisa.	Yatesville Dam	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKee's Camp railway station is a stop for Via Rail's transcontinental The Canadian train service at Mc Kee's Camp, a hunting fishing and tourist camp, in Capreol, Ontario, Canada.	McKee's Camp railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poświętno (pɔɕˈfjɛntnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemęt, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Poświętno	Gmina Przemęt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkeley County Airport (ICAO: KMKS, FAA LID: MKS, formerly 50J) is a county-owned public-use airport in Berkeley County, South Carolina, United States.	Berkeley County Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fajã do Cerrado das Silvas, is a permanent debris field, built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Velas, in the municipality of Velas, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Fajã do Cerrado das Silvas	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County (Chinese: 巍山彝族回族自治县; pinyin: Wēishān Yízú Huízú Zìzhìxiàn; Xiao'erjing: وِشًا یِذُو خُوِذُو ذِجِشِیًا) is an autonomous county in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture of Yunnan Province, China.	Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County	Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Staatstheater Mainz (Mainz State Theatre) is a theatre in Mainz, Germany, which is owned and operated by the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Staatstheater Mainz	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ulugh Beg Observatory is an observatory in Samarkand, Uzbekistan.	Ulugh Beg Observatory	Samarkand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Towson Town Center is a large indoor shopping mall located in Towson, Maryland.	Towson Town Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ca' da Mosto is a 13th-century, Venetian-Byzantine style palace, the oldest on the Grand Canal, located between the Rio dei Santi Apostoli and the Palazzo Bollani Erizzo, in the sestiere of Cannaregio in Venice, Italy.	Ca' da Mosto	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaemiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: قائميه عليا‎, also Romanized as Qā’emīyeh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Qā’emīyeh) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 439, in 112 families.	Qaemiyeh-ye Olya	Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge in the Kodiak Archipelago in southwestern Alaska, United States.	Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Porter Building is a historic building listed on the National Register of Historic Places located in the Downtown Historic District of Woodland, California.	Porter Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hureh Rural District (Persian: دهستان هوره‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Saman District, Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Hureh Rural District	Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cichostów-Kolonia (t͡ɕiˈxɔstuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milanów, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Cichostów-Kolonia	Gmina Milanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalaki (Persian: دالكي‎; also Romanized as Dālakī; also known as Daliki) is a city in the Central District of Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dalaki	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarkaneh Abbasabad (Persian: سركانه عباس اباد‎‎, also Romanized as Sarkāneh ``Abbāsābād; also known as Sarkāneh) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 10 families.	Sarkaneh Abbasabad	Gerit Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Hasanabad (Persian: تلمبه حسن اباد‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩasanābād) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Hasanabad	Rizab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mariyannapalya is a village near Hebbal in northern Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	Mariyannapalya	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wide Bay Highway is a short state highway of Queensland, Australia running between Goomeri on the Burnett Highway and a junction on the Bruce Highway.	Wide Bay Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldburg-Waldsee was a County ruled by the House of Waldburg, located in southeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, around Bad Waldsee.	Waldburg-Waldsee	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleszczowice (klɛʂt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kleszczowice	Gmina Wińsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fissenkenkopf is a hill in the Harz Mountains of Germany, that rises south of Sieber in the county of Osterode in Lower Saxony.	Fissenkenkopf	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greater Baltimore Medical Center (GBMC) is a hospital located in the Baltimore suburb of Towson, Maryland.	Greater Baltimore Medical Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelsterbach is a town in Groß-Gerau district in Hessen, Germany and part of the Frankfurt Rhein-Main urban area.	Kelsterbach	Groß-Gerau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelletto sopra Ticino, also referred to by locals as Castelletto Ticino or just Castelletto, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 100 km (62 mi) northeast of Turin and about 30 km (19 mi) north of Novara.	Castelletto sopra Ticino	Province of Novara
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Akron Children's Hospital is a children's hospital located in Akron, Ohio.	Akron Children's Hospital	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Norman, created between 1959 and 1964 as part of the construction of the Cowans Ford Dam by Duke Energy, is the largest manmade body of fresh water located in North Carolina.	Lake Norman	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burrell Creek is a creek just north of Grand Forks, British Columbia, in the Similkameen Division, Yale Land District, in an area known as the Boundary Country.	Burrell Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sudbury Steelworkers Hall was a historic labour union hall in Sudbury, Ontario, which was destroyed by a fire on September 19, 2008.	Sudbury Steelworkers Hall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunbar (Scots (dʌnˈbaɾ)) is a town in East Lothian on the southeast coast of Scotland, approximately 28 miles (45 km) east of Edinburgh and 28 miles (45 km) from the English Border at Berwick-upon-Tweed.	Dunbar	East Lothian	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millbrook Community School was a secondary school in Southampton, England.	Millbrook Community School	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fonthill Gifford is a village in Wiltshire, England, to the north of the Nadder valley, 14 miles (23 km) west of Salisbury.	Fonthill Gifford	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Antonio River Walk (also known as Paseo del Río) is a network of walkways along the banks of the San Antonio River, one story beneath the streets of Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA.	San Antonio River Walk	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Zard-e Gelal (Persian: تنگ زردگلال‎, also Romanized as Tang Zard-e Gelāl; also known as Tang Zard) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang Zard-e Gelal	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Yilgarn is a local government area in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia about 400 kilometres (250 mi) east of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of Yilgarn	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swavesey is a village lying on the Greenwich Meridian in Cambridgeshire, England, with an approximate population of 2,480.	Swavesey	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horsley Hill was a football and rugby league ground and greyhound racing track in South Shields.	Horsley Hill	South Shields
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ichetucknee River is a spring-fed, pristine river in North Central Florida.	Ichetucknee River	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moosilauke Ravine Lodge is a cabin complex on the side of Mount Moosilauke in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.	Moosilauke Ravine Lodge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naservand-e Rahimi (Persian: ناصروندرحيمي‎‎, also Romanized as Nāşervand-e Raḩīmī) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Naservand-e Rahimi	Yusefvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grant Avenue in San Francisco, California is one of the oldest streets in the city's Chinatown district.	Grant Avenue	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzepinek (kʂɛˈpʲinɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Krzepinek	Gmina Barlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leland Tower is a twenty-two story tall building located on Stolp Island in Aurora, Illinois.	Leland Tower	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolmabahçe Clock Tower (Turkish: Dolmabahçe Saat Kulesi) is a clock tower situated outside Dolmabahçe Palace in Istanbul, Turkey.	Dolmabahçe Clock Tower	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Natick Center Historic District is a historic district on North Ave., Main, Central, and Summer Streets in Natick, Massachusetts, encompassing the 19th century civic and economic heart of the town.	Natick Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ivan Racheff House is a historic house with gardens at 1943 Tennessee Avenue in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	Ivan Racheff House	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Connaught Road is a major thoroughfare on the north shore of Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Connaught Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yellow Dog Plains is an area north and west of Marquette, Michigan, in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, United States.	Yellow Dog Plains	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andrus Island is an island in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta in Sacramento County, California, twenty kilometres northeast of Antioch.	Andrus Island	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	James M. Barry Electric Generating Plant is a coal- and natural gas-fired electrical generation facility in Bucks, Mobile County, Alabama.	James M. Barry Electric Generating Plant	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bieliny Poduchowne (bjɛˈlinɨ pɔduˈxɔvnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bieliny Poduchowne	Gmina Bieliny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobham Park is a country mansion and estate situated to the south of Cobham and encompassing the majority of Downside, Surrey, England it was formerly the seat of John Ligonier, 1st Earl Ligonier.	Cobham Park	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serra Preta is a city located in the eastern state of Bahia, Brazil.	Serra Preta	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernal/Singleton Transfer Location is a bus-only station located along Bernal Drive and Singleton Blvd. in Dallas, Texas (USA).	Bernal/Singleton Transfer Location	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Although most Land O' Lakes natives refer to the property as Lamont's mansion, supernatural tales first disseminated by Ginger Hinshaw's father Raymond Bober claim the mansion was haunted and refer to it as ``Summerwind''.	Summerwind	Land O' Lakes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dionizów (djɔˈnizuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dionizów	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montreal Symphony House (French: Maison symphonique de Montréal) is a concert hall in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Montreal Symphony House	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hodynіvka (Ukrainian: Годинівка; Romanian: Godinești) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Hodynіvka	Hertsa Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castell de la Trinitat is located on the Gulf of Roses, Alt Empordà comarca, Province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Castell de la Trinitat	Roses	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brynford (Welsh: Brynffordd) is a village in Flintshire, Wales.	Brynford	Flintshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Avon Park Air Force Range (APAFR), which includes MacDill Air Force Base Auxiliary Field (ICAO: KAGR, FAA LID: AGR), is a United States Air Force bombing range and air-ground training complex in the U.S. state of Florida located east of the city of Avon Park.	Avon Park Air Force Range	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tikei, also known as Manu, Tikai and Tiku is an island in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.	Tikei	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George W. Bethers House, also known as the William Wyatt House, is a historic residence in Philomath, Oregon, United States.	George W. Bethers House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd Mahi (Persian: گودماهي‎, also Romanized as Gowd Māhī) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd Mahi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Auckland is a village in County Durham, in North East England, to the west of Bishop Auckland on the A688 road.	West Auckland	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pioneer Oval is located in the town of Parkes, New South Wales Australia.	Pioneer Oval	Parkes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institut Redouté-Peiffer is secondary technical and professional school in Anderlecht, in the Brussels Capital Region, Belgium.	Institut Redouté-Peiffer	Anderlecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knook Castle is the site of an Iron Age univallate hillfort located on Knook Down, near the village of Knook in Wiltshire, but within the civil parish of Upton Lovell.	Knook Castle	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menangle Park Paceway is a harness racing track operating in Menangle Park, New South Wales, Australia.	Menangle Park Paceway	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavakkolan (Persian: توكلان‎, also Romanized as Tavakkolān and Taukalān; also known as Tavikalān) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tavakkolan	Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lo Pan Temple (traditional Chinese: 魯班先師廟; jyutping: lou5 baan1 sin1 si1 miu6) is a temple located in Kennedy Town, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong dedicated to Lo Pan (魯班; also transliterated as ``Lu Ban''), the patron saint of Chinese builders and contractors.	Lo Pan Temple	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vartiokylä (Swedish: Botby) is a neighbourhood in eastern Helsinki, the capital of Finland.	Vartiokylä	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greater Altoona Career and Technology Center is a vocational school that serves the area around Blair County, Pennsylvania.	Greater Altoona Career and Technology Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patkonan-e Bala (Persian: پتكنان بالا‎, also Romanized as Patkonān-e Bālā; also known as Napkonān, Patkonān, Patkonow-ye Bālā, and Patkonū-ye Bālā) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Patkonan-e Bala	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Przylep (ˈnɔvɨ ˈpʂɨlɛp) (German: NeuPrilipp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowy Przylep	Gmina Warnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neudd-fawr (also spelt Neuadd Fawr) is a small village in the community of Llanwnnen, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 59.9 miles (96.4 km) from Cardiff and 176.3 miles (283.7 km) from London.	Neudd-fawr	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lost Creek State Park, located near Anaconda, Montana, is a state park 502 acres (203 ha) in size and features towering limestone cliffs and multi-colored rock formations rising 1,200 feet (370 m) above the canyon floor.	Lost Creek State Park	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lesińce (lɛˈɕiɲt͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lesińce	Gmina Kartuzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maszew (ˈmaʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Maszew	Gmina Warta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dabuhiyeh (Persian: دابوهيه‎, also Romanized as Dābūhīyeh; also known as Dābūḩayeh and Dābūḩayeh-ye Jannat) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dabuhiyeh	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glendale University College of Law (GUCL) is a private, for-profit law school in Glendale, California.	Glendale University College of Law	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Länsi-Pasila (Swedish: Västra Böle) is a subdivision of Pasila, Helsinki, Finland.	Länsi-Pasila	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Huey Farm is a registered historic place in Big Bone, Kentucky.	Thomas Huey Farm	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodur-e Pain (Persian: كدورپائين‎, also Romanized as Kodūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kodur-e Pain	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Mound (also known as Syujtun or Syuxtun) is a California Historical Landmark located in Santa Barbara, California, in the United States.	Burton Mound	Santa Barbara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naveh Kesh (Persian: ناوه كش‎, also Romanized as Nāveh Kesh and Naukash; also known as Sarāb-e Nāveh Kash, Sarāb-e Nāveh Kesh, Sarāb-e Nowkash, and Sarāb Naukash) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Naveh Kesh	Dowreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xamontarupt (French pronunciation: ​(ksamɔ̃taʁy)) is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France.	Xamontarupt	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	The sea temperature of Kaohsiung Harbor remains above 22 °C year-round, the second highest of Southern Taiwan after Liuqiu island, an island just off the coast of southern Kaohsiung with average monthly sea temperatures maintaining above 25 °C year-round.	Kaohsiung	Southern Taiwan
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Vibora (The Viper) is a steel bobsled roller coaster at Six Flags Over Texas in Arlington, Texas, United States.	La Vibora	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veeravelly is a village in Nalgonda district of Telangana, India.	Veeravelly	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonnie Springs Ranch is a western-themed amusement park near Blue Diamond, in Clark County, southern Nevada.	Bonnie Springs Ranch	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canby Ferry (formally the M.J. Lee II) is a ferry in the U.S. state of Oregon that connects Canby, and Wilsonville/Stafford in Clackamas County across the Willamette River.	Canby Ferry	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinas Dinlle is a small settlement in Gwynedd, north-west Wales which is also, historically, part of Caernarfonshire.	Dinas Dinlle	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xi'an ((ɕí.án); Chinese: 西安), formerly romanized as Sian, is the capital of Shaanxi province, located in the northwest of the China, in the center of the Guanzhong Plain.	Xi'an	Shaanxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leylateyn (Persian: ليلتين‎, also Romanized as Leylateyn and Līletīn) is a village in Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District, Imam Hassan District, Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Leylateyn	Liravi-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alaró (Catalan pronunciation: (əɫəˈɾo)) is a small municipality in the district of Raiguer on Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.	Alaró	Raiguer	Balearic Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaprin is a Tehsil in the Shopian district of Jammu and Kashmir.	Kaprin	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loudi (simplified Chinese: 娄底; traditional Chinese: 婁底; pinyin: Lóudî) is a prefecture-level city located in central Hunan province, China.	Loudi	Hunan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ars Nova School of the Arts is a conservatory located in Huntsville, Alabama providing education in fine arts, particularly music and theatre, to students of all ages.	Ars Nova School of the Arts	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adams Mill Covered Bridge is located in Indiana south of State Road 18 and north of State Road 26, 1/2 mile East of Cutler to County road 50 East, north on 50 East 1/2 mile.	Adams Mill Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłyż (kwɨʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabno, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kłyż	Gmina Żabno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brandaris is a lighthouse on the Dutch Wadden Sea island Terschelling, in Friesland.	Brandaris	Terschelling
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bergin Block was an historic commercial building at 330 Lisbon Street in Lewiston, Maine.	Bergin Block	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of the Fourteen Holy Helpers (also Basilika Vierzehnheiligen) is a church located near the town of Bad Staffelstein near Bamberg, in Bavaria, southern Germany.	Basilica of the Fourteen Holy Helpers	Bad Staffelstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First White House of the Confederacy was the executive residence of President Jefferson Davis and family while the capital of the Confederate States of America was in Montgomery, Alabama.	First White House of the Confederacy	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Sib (Persian: بنه سيب‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Sīb and Boneh Sīb) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Sib	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubbock Christian University is a private Christian university associated with the Churches of Christ located in Lubbock, Texas, in the United States.	Lubbock Christian University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harvard Club of New York is a private social club located in Midtown Manhattan, New York, New York, USA.	Harvard Club of New York	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain High resort is a winter resort in the San Gabriel Mountains in Los Angeles County in California.	Mountain High	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	University High School of Science and Engineering (UHSSE) is a Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math magnet high school located in Hartford, Connecticut.	University High School of Science and Engineering	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Market Gate of Miletus (German: das Markttor von Milet) is a large marble monument in the Pergamon Museum in Berlin, Germany.	Market Gate of Miletus	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bash Kalateh (Persian: باش كلاته‎, also Romanized as Bāsh Kalāteh) is a village in Almeh Rural District, Samalqan District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bash Kalateh	Almeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podłozy (pɔdˈwɔzɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Podłozy	Gmina Wielkie Oczy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sitkinak Island is an island of the Kodiak Archipelago of the state of Alaska, United States.	Sitkinak Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holston Army Ammunition Plant, also known as the Holston Ordnance Works, was constructed by Tennessee Eastman in Kingsport, Tennessee to manufacture explosives during World War II. BAE Systems' division Ordnance Systems, Inc. currently operates the plant under a 25-year facilities use contract.	Holston Army Ammunition Plant	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirin Qui (Persian: شيرين قويي‎, also Romanized as Shīrīn Qū'ī) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Shirin Qui	Hakimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNOU (96.3 MHz) is an FM radio station in St. Louis, Missouri, branded as ``Now 96-3''.	KNOU	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Aqazadeh (Persian: كلاته اقازاده‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āqāzādeh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Aqazadeh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The college, named after Gabriel Bethlen, Prince of Transylvania (1613--1629), was founded in 1622 in Alba-Iulia, the capital city of Alba County, and it was then moved to Aiud.	Aiud	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orchard Leigh is a hamlet in the parish of Latimer in Buckinghamshire, England, located along the B4505 about 2 miles east of Chesham.	Orchard Leigh	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallaj-e Olya (Persian: حلاج عليا‎, also Romanized as Ḩallāj-e ``Olyā) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 366, in 59 families.	Hallaj-e Olya	Qezel Uzan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bedford Springs Hotel Historic District is a 300-acre (120 ha) historic district in Bedford Springs, Pennsylvania, just south of the borough of Bedford, encompassing the grounds of a historic mineral springs resort.	Bedford Springs Hotel Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyrgun (Persian: ايرگون‎, also Romanized as Eyrgūn) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Eyrgun	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Automobile Club of Buffalo is a historic clubhouse located at Clarence in Erie County, New York.	Automobile Club of Buffalo	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ningling County (Chinese: 宁陵县; Pinyin: Nínglíng Xiàn) is a county of Shangqiu city, Henan province, People's Republic of China, with the population of about ??,????.	Ningling County	Shangqiu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chowlaqlu (Persian: چولاقلو‎, also Romanized as Chowlāqlū; also known as Cholaghloo, Cholakhlu, Cholāklū, and Cholāqlū) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chowlaqlu	Qaflankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asiate is a Contemporary American restaurant located in the Mandarin Oriental, New York hotel, on the 35th floor of 80 Columbus Circle (West 60th Street at Broadway) in Manhattan, New York City.	Asiate	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koshkan-e Olya (Persian: كشكان عليا‎, also Romanized as Koshkān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Rabor Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Koshkan-e Olya	Rabor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaneq-e Sofla (Persian: وانق سفلي‎, also Romanized as Vāneq-e Soflá; also known as Vāneq and Vāneq-e Pā’īn) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vaneq-e Sofla	Molla Yaqub Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rashk-e Minu (Persian: رشك مينو‎, also Romanized as Rashk-e Mīnū) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rashk-e Minu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WATY FM 91.3 is a radio station broadcasting a public radio radio format, and having a city of license of Folkston, Georgia, USA.	WATY	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarks Point Airport (IATA: CLP, ICAO: PFCL, FAA LID: CLP) is a state-owned public-use airport located in Clarks Point, a city in the Dillingham Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Clarks Point Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magnet, Indiana, is an unincorporated community along the Ohio River in Tobin Township, Perry County, Indiana, United States.	Magnet, Indiana	Perry County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łutynowo (wutɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łutynowo	Gmina Olsztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herkimer County Jail, also known as the 1834 Jail, is a historic jail in Herkimer, Herkimer County, New York.	Herkimer County Jail	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heber Springs High School is a comprehensive public high school located in the remote town of Heber Springs, Arkansas, United States.	Heber Springs High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbus Fireman's Park Complex consists of two buildings and one gate in Fireman's Park in Columbus, Wisconsin, United States.	Columbus Fireman's Park Complex	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogue Community College (RCC) is a 2-year, community college with campuses in both Jackson County and Josephine County, falling roughly in the geographic region known as the Rogue Valley in Southern Oregon.	Rogue Community College	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorhead Municipal Airport (ICAO: KJKJ, FAA LID: JKJ) is a city-owned public-use airport located four miles south east of the central business district of Moorhead, a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.	Moorhead Municipal Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myśliwczów (mɨˈɕlift͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Myśliwczów	Gmina Wielgomłyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKinney Falls State Park is a state park located at the southeastern edge of Austin, Texas, United States around the confluence of Onion and Williamson Creeks and is administered by the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department.	McKinney Falls State Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linchuan District (simplified Chinese: 临川区; traditional Chinese: 臨川區; pinyin: Línchuān Qū) is the only district the city of Fuzhou, Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Linchuan District	Fuzhou, Jiangxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isaac T. Hopper House, a Greek Revival townhouse at 110 Second Avenue between East 6th and 7th Streets in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, next to the New Middle Collegiate Church, was built in 1837-38.	Isaac T. Hopper House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Marys High School is a fully accredited public high school located in St. Marys, Kansas, serving students in grades 9--12.	St. Marys High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trebanog is a village in the Cymmer electoral ward lying on the southernmost outskirts of the Rhondda Valley, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, located off the A4233 road between Porth the unofficial capital of the Rhondda, and the town of Tonyrefail which is at the head of the Ely Valley.	Trebanog	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thung Ngam (Thai: ทุ่งงาม) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Soem Ngam District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 8191 people.	Thung Ngam	Soem Ngam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dur Bash (Persian: دورباش‎, also Romanized as Dūr Bāsh) is a village in Ansar Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dur Bash	Ansar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapetanovići (Serbian: Капетановићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kapetanovići	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, D.C., at Judiciary Square, honors 20,267 U.S. law enforcement officers who have died in the line of duty throughout history.	National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzuszcze (ˈʐuʂt͡ʂɛ) (German: Ruschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rzuszcze	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruś Mała (ˈruɕ ˈmawa) (German: Klein Reußen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ruś Mała	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vayqan (Persian: وايقان‎; also Romanized as Vāyqān and Vayeqān; also known as Vaighan, Vayagan, and Vāygān) is a city in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vayqan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khomrud (Persian: خمرود‎, also Romanized as Khomrūd) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khomrud	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheatland Baptist Cemetery, also known as Belcoda Cemetery, is a historic cemetery located at Belcoda in the town of Wheatland in Monroe County, New York.	Wheatland Baptist Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whale Rock Reservoir is a reservoir near Cayucos in San Luis Obispo County, California.	Whale Rock Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhmut Raion (Ukrainian: Бахмутський район) is a raion (district) within the northeastern part of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Bakhmut Raion	Donetsk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yang Piang (Thai: ยางเปียง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Omkoi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Yang Piang	Omkoi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Codrington Wind Farm is a wind farm on the coast of south-western Victoria, Australia near Yambuk.	Codrington Wind Farm	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Gallery of Macedonia (Macedonian: Национална галерија на Македонија) is a national art museum of the Republic of Macedonia, located in the capital city of Skopje.	National Gallery of Macedonia	Skopje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keeseekoowenin Ojibway First Nation has their main population located near Elphinstone, Manitoba on (IR) 61 which is located south of Riding Mountain National Park.	Keeseekoowenin Ojibway First Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavigne (Luxembourgish: Béiwen, German: Böwen) is a village in the commune of Lac de la Haute-Sûre, in north-western Luxembourg.	Bavigne	Lac de la Haute-Sûre
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Litchfield Female Academy in Litchfield, Connecticut, founded in 1792 by Sarah Pierce, was one of the most important institutions of female education in the United States.	Litchfield Female Academy	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St George's Tron Church, in Glasgow, Scotland, is a Church of Scotland church in the city centre, located in Nelson Mandela Place near Queen Street Station.	St George's Tron Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vidal Junction, California is a small town site in the Sonoran Desert in unincorporated San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Vidal Junction, California	San Bernardino County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jannat Makan Rural District (Persian: دهستان جنت مكان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jannat Makan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton Plantation, also known as Hampton Plantation House and Hampton Plantation State Historic Site, is a historic plantation, now a state historic site, north of McClellanville, South Carolina.	Hampton Plantation	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nõnova is a village in Lasva Parish, Võru County, in southeastern Estonia, located about 8 km east of the town of Võru.	Nõnova	Lasva Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calgary/Christiansen Field Aerodrome, (TC LID: CRS3), is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) northwest of Okotoks, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary/Christiansen Field Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dabardan-e Olya (Persian: دبردان عليا‎, also Romanized as Dabardān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 168, in 30 families.	Dabardan-e Olya	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alampattu(Tamil;ஆலம்பட்டு) is a village in the state of Tamil Nadu, Sivaganga District, India.	Alampattu	Sivaganga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Baghreh (Persian: قره بغره‎, also Romanized as Qareh Boghreh; also known as Qara Baqra, Qareh Baqreh, and Qareh Boqreh) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qareh Baghreh	Khvor Khvoreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manisa Province (Turkish: Manisa ili) is a province in western Turkey.	Manisa Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzcinica Wołowska (tʂt͡ɕiˈnit͡sa vɔˈwɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Trzcinica Wołowska	Gmina Wińsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murder Bay was a disreputable slum in Washington D.C. roughly bounded by Constitution Avenue NW, Pennsylvania Avenue NW, and 15th Street NW (the area currently known as Federal Triangle).	Murder Bay	Washington D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roszki-Włodki (ˈrɔʂki ˈvwɔtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Roszki-Włodki	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Market Rasen is a town and civil parish within the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Market Rasen	West Lindsey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Florida Railroad Museum is located at 101 South Boyd Street, Winter Garden, Florida in a former Tavares and Gulf depot built in 1913.	Central Florida Railroad Museum	Winter Garden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yizhuang Railway Station is a railway station on the Beijing--	Yizhuang Railway Station	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korablew (kɔˈrablɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Korablew	Gmina Rusiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apaseo el Grande is a Mexican city (and municipality) located in the state of Guanajuato.	Apaseo el Grande	Guanajuato
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laroi is a village adjacent to the town of Bhogpur in district Jalandhar of Punjab, India.	Laroi	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keykhosrow (Persian: كيخسرو‎) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Keykhosrow	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nimaima (Spanish pronunciation: (niˈnaima)) is a tourist town in Colombia in the Cundinamarca Department.	Nimaima	Cundinamarca Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crowley's Ridge (also Crowleys Ridge) is an unusual geological formation that rises 250 to 550 feet (170 m) above the alluvial plain of the Mississippi embayment in a 150-mile (240 km) line from southeastern Missouri to the Mississippi River near Helena, Arkansas.	Crowley's Ridge	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canlaon, officially the City of Canlaon (Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Kanlaon; Filipino: Lungsod ng Canlaon), is a fourth class city in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines.	Canlaon	Negros Oriental
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freedom Monument (Latvian: Brīvības piemineklis, pronounced (ˈbriːviːbas ˈpiɛmineklis)) is a memorial located in Riga, Latvia, honouring soldiers killed during the Latvian War of Independence (1918--1920).	Freedom Monument	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peacemakers International is a Christian ministry located at 5322 Chene St. in the Poletown East neighborhood of Detroit, Michigan.	Peacemakers International	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pendine (Welsh: Pentywyn, ``end of the dunes'') is a village and community in Carmarthenshire, Wales, lying on the northern shore of Carmarthen Bay.	Pendine	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suwaki (suˈvaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Suwaki	Gmina Siemiątkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłudzice (kwuˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kłudzice	Gmina Sulejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ye County or Yexian (Chinese: 叶县; pinyin: Yè Xiàn) is a county in Pingdingshan, Henan province, China, with a population of 820,000.	Ye County	Pingdingshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sedgwick County Fair has been held in Cheney, Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States since 1940.	Sedgwick County Fair	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge Road Cemetery is an historic cemetery on Bridge Road in Eastham, Massachusetts.	Bridge Road Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middletown Valley, also historically known as Catoctin Valley, is a valley in western Frederick County in the state of Maryland.	Middletown Valley	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vahnabad (Persian: وهن اباد‎, also Romanized as Vahnābād, Vahanābād, and Wahsanābād) is a village in Vahnabad Rural District, in the Central District of Robat Karim County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Vahnabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orem Community Hospital is located Orem, Utah, United States and is part of the Intermountain Healthcare system.	Orem Community Hospital	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lai Tak Tsuen (Chinese: 勵德邨) is a public housing estate at 2 -- 38 Lai Tak Tsuen Road, Tai Hang, Wan Chai District, Hong Kong.	Lai Tak Tsuen	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sister Dominica Manor, also known as Federal Hill Manor and originally called Bradford House, is a high-rise building located in the Federal Hill district of Providence, Rhode Island.	The Sister Dominica Manor	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coole Pilate is a civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England, which lies to the north of Audlem and to the south of Nantwich.	Coole Pilate	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shokuhabad (Persian: شكوه آباد‎, also Romanized as Shokūhābād and Shekūhābād; also known as Shukrabad) is a village in Delbaran Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shokuhabad	Delbaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rheinfelden (Swiss German: Rhyfälde, (ˈɾiːfæld̥ə)) is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, seat of the district of Rheinfelden.	Rheinfelden	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richwood Evangelical Lutheran Church, also known as Cross Roads Lutheran Church, is a historic Lutheran church at 9700 West County Road 700 South in the unincorporated town of Cross Roads in Salem Township, Delaware County, Indiana.	Richwood Evangelical Lutheran Church	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Izembek National Wildlife Refuge is the smallest of the National Wildlife Refuges located in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Izembek National Wildlife Refuge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velorvattom is a place near Cherthala, Kerala State, India.	Velorvattom	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbia Trail is a rail trail in rural northwestern New Jersey.	Columbia Trail	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bouie River, also sometimes known as the Bowie River, is a tributary of the Leaf River, 60 miles (97 km) long, in southern Mississippi in the United States.	Bouie River	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northside Tower is a nine-story, mid-rise office building located at 6065 Roswell Road in downtown Sandy Springs, Georgia, a northern suburb of Atlanta.	Northside Tower	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clare Congregational Church, also known as the Clare Congregational United Church of Christ, is a church located at 110 West Fifth Street in Clare, Michigan.	Clare Congregational Church	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westbury-sub-Mendip is a village in Somerset, England, with a population of about 800, situated on the southern slopes of the Mendip Hills 4 miles (6.4 km) from Wells and Cheddar.	Westbury-sub-Mendip	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hellenstein Castle is located 70 meters (230 ft) above the city of Heidenheim an der Brenz in eastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Hellenstein Castle	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhanmondi Cricket Stadium is a major public ground hosting matches of domestic and inter-collegiate cricket in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh.It is the home of Dhaka division cricket team.	Dhanmondi Cricket Stadium	Dhaka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eddleman-McFarland House, sometimes known as the Ball-Eddleman-McFarland House or just the McFarland House, is a historic residence built in 1899 in the Quality Hill section of Fort Worth, Texas.	Eddleman-McFarland House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangestan County (Persian: شهرستان تنگستان‎) is a county in Bushehr Province in Iran.	Tangestan County	Bushehr Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żegary (ʐɛˈɡarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Żegary	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Hills of Dundee is a mountain range in Yamhill County, Oregon.	Red Hills of Dundee	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tresbœuf (Breton: Trevo) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Tresbœuf	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 53 Linden Street in Brookline, Massachusetts, is a well-preserved local example of transitional Greek Revival-Italianate styling.	House at 53 Linden Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nughab Chik (Persian: نوغاب چيك‎, also Romanized as Nūghāb Chīk and Nūqāb Chīk; also known as Naqūchik) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nughab Chik	Shakhenat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altona Beach is a beach located in Altona, Victoria, Australia with a long pier towards the middle of it.	Altona Beach	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olesa de Bonesvalls is a town in the Alt Penedès county in Catalonia, Spain.	Olesa de Bonesvalls	Alt Penedès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beobridge is a small, scattered hamlet in Shropshire, England.	Beobridge	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teymur Suri-ye Olya (Persian: تيمورسوري عليا‎‎, also Romanized as Teymūr Sūrī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 49 families.	Teymur Suri-ye Olya	Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małaszek (maˈwaʂɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Małaszek	Gmina Długosiodło
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lomita Railroad Museum is a museum in Lomita, California devoted to California railroad history during the steam era.	Lomita Railroad Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hargenush (Persian: هرگنوش‎, also Romanized as Hargenūsh) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hargenush	Jastun Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Puang (Thai: บ้านปวง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Thung Hua Chang District, in Lamphun Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 3918 people.	Ban Puang	Thung Hua Chang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalenne (kaˈlɛnnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kalenne	Gmina Modliborzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valea Teilor (formerly Meidanchioi) is a commune in Tulcea County, Romania.	Valea Teilor	Tulcea County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Trough Creek is a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River in Bedford, Fulton and Huntingdon counties in Pennsylvania in the United States.	Great Trough Creek	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savaran Darreh-ye Sofla (Persian: سواران دره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Savārān Darreh-ye Soflá and Sabārān Darreh-ye Soflá) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Savaran Darreh-ye Sofla	Hemmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zalaboldogfa is a village northwest of Zalaegerszeg in Zala County, Hungary.	Zalaboldogfa	Zala County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLTR is a noncommercial Classical/News/Talk formatted radio station located in Columbia, South Carolina, USA.	WLTR	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piper-Beebe House, located at 2 S. A St. in Virginia City, Nevada, is a historic Italianate house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Piper-Beebe House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rynki (ˈrɨŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suraż, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rynki	Gmina Suraż
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adilman Building (built in 1912, expanded in 1921 and renovated in 1949) is a historic building in the Riversdale district of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Adilman Building	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Ain Ghessali is an archaeological site 1.5 km west of Rayak to Baalbek road near the Talia crossing in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell Ain Ghessali	Rayak
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Vivian Jr. and Company Building is a commercial building located at 342 Hecla Street in Laurium, Michigan.	J. Vivian Jr. and Company Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Królów Las (ˈkruluf ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Królów Las	Gmina Morzeszczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gillis Lake is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality on Cape Breton Island.	Gillis Lake	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabiluka is a pair of uranium deposits and mine development in the Northern Territory of Australia that was to have been built on land belonging to the Mirarr Aboriginal people.	Jabiluka	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Castlemaine was a local government area about 120 kilometres (75 mi) north-northwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, and 38 kilometres (24 mi) south of the regional city of Bendigo.	City of Castlemaine	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bitch Mountain is a summit in Essex County, New York, in the United States.	Bitch Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szulbory (ʂulˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szulbory	Gmina Staroźreby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagupalli is a village in Dammapeta mandal which in Khammam district which is in Telangana state.	Nagupalli	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joe Pool Lake is a fresh water impoundment (reservoir) located in the southern part of the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex in North Texas.	Joe Pool Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galowice (ɡalɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Gallowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Galowice	Gmina Żórawina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Reza Aqa (Persian: چاه رضااقا‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Reẕā Āqā) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Reza Aqa	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seabranch Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park, located approximately ten miles south of Stuart, off A1A.	Seabranch Preserve State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Moqim Mahalleh (Persian: اقامقيم محله‎, also Romanized as Āqā Moqīm Maḩalleh; also known as Āqā Mogīm Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Aqa Moqim Mahalleh	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The NW 39th Street Enclave, also known as ``39th & Penn'' or simply ``39th Street'', or ``The Strip'', is a prominent lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) district in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	NW 39th Street Enclave	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charlotte County Court House (French: Palais de justice du comté de Charlotte) is a court house serving Charlotte County and located in St. Andrews, New Brunswick, Canada.	Charlotte County Court House	St. Andrews, New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takengon is a town in Aceh, a province of Indonesia and is the seat (capital) of the Central Aceh Regency.	Takengon	Central Aceh Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Baqer (Persian: گودباقر‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Bāqer) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Baqer	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Deh-e Meyrmaharab (Persian: نوده ميرمحراب‎, also Romanized as Now Deh-e Meyrmaḥarāb; also known as Now Deh) is a village in Zibad Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Now Deh-e Meyrmaharab	Zibad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (/ˈrʌtɡərz/), commonly referred to as Rutgers University, Rutgers, or RU, is an American public research university and the largest institution for higher education in New Jersey.	Rutgers University	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Rock Lakes Wilderness is within the Red Rock Lakes National Wildlife Refuge in southwest Montana, United States.	Red Rock Lakes Wilderness	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langdon Hall is a building on the campus of Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama, United States.	Langdon Hall	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cass City Jr./Sr. High School is a public middle school and high school located in Cass City, Michigan, United States.	Cass City Jr./Sr. High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morrone (Scottish Gaelic: Mór Bheinn or Mór Shròn) is a Scottish hill immediately southwest of the village of Braemar in Aberdeenshire.	Morrone	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Contarelli Chapel is located within the church of San Luigi dei Francesi in Rome.	Contarelli Chapel	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szymankowszczyzna (ʂɨmaŋkɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szymankowszczyzna	Gmina Stanisławów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allen Arena is an indoor arena at Lipscomb University in Nashville, Tennessee.	Allen Arena	Nashville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werblinia (vɛrˈbliɲa) (Kashubian: Wôrblëniô) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Werblinia	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Sufeh (Persian: درصوفه‎, also Romanized as Dar Şūfeh and Darsūfeh; also known as Darb Sūfeh and Kalāteh-ye Mollā) is a village in Zibad Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dar Sufeh	Zibad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Municipal institutions Employment office Bad Aibling Institutions of the Rosenheim district office (veterinary office, motor vehicle registration authority) Local court Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), Federal Intelligence Service	Bad Aibling	Rosenheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Figino Serenza is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Milan and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) southeast of Como.	Figino Serenza	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fontmell Magna is a village and civil parish in north Dorset, England.	Fontmell Magna	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muineh (Persian: موئينه‎, also Romanized as Mū``īneh) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 362, in 101 families.	Muineh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urmein (Romansh: Urmagn) is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Urmein	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chichak (Persian: چيچك‎, also Romanized as Chīchak) is a village in Koreh Soni Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chichak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Baba Zahed (Persian: بنه بابازاهد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Bābā Zāhed; also known as Bābā Zāhed and Boneh Seyyed) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Baba Zahed	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malęcino (malɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (Kashubian: Małãczëno) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, on the border with West Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Malęcino	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monticello Brianza is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located in Brianza about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Lecco.	Monticello Brianza	Province of Lecco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanford School is a private, college preparatory, coeducational day school for students in pre-kindergarten through grade twelve, located in Hockessin, Delaware.	Sanford School	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stirling Gardens is a small public park in Perth, Western Australia.	Stirling Gardens	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miller Park Zoo is a zoo located in Miller Park; a public park in Bloomington, Illinois, United States.	Miller Park Zoo	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilyasabad (Urdu: الياس آباد ‎) is a town in the southern suburbs of the city of Hyderabad, in Sindh, Pakistan.	Ilyasabad	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treforgan (Welsh: ``Morgan's place'') is a small village in the community of Llangoedmor, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 74.7 miles (120.2 km) from Cardiff and 196.3 miles (315.8 km) from London.	Treforgan	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gachkharan (Persian: گچ خران‎, also Romanized as Gachkharān; also known as Gachgarān, Gach Gīrān, and Gackgarān) is a village in Anarestan Rural District, Chenar Shahijan District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gachkharan	Anarestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dydule (dɨˈdulɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dydule	Gmina Orla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanzaq (Persian: چنزق‎; also known as Chanza, Chanzagh, Chanzanaq, and Kanzaq) is a village in Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chanzaq	Mavazekhan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peter Faneuil School is an historic school building at 60 Joy Street on Beacon Hill in Boston, Massachusetts.	Peter Faneuil School	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest in Washington is a National Forest extending more than 140 miles (230 km) along the western slopes of the Cascade Range from the Canadian border to the northern boundary of Mount Rainier National Park.	Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stożnowo (stɔʐˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stożnowo	Gmina Jaświły
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Qazvin Province (Persian: استان قزوین‎‎ Ostān-e Qazvīn, Azerbaijani: قزوین اوستانی Qəzvin Ostanı‎, Tati: قزوینی استان Qazvini Ostân) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran.	Qazvin Province	Iran
located in the administrative territorial entity	College Square Historic District is located on a bluff north of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	College Square Historic District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alex G. Spanos Stadium, formerly known as Mustang Stadium, is an 11,075-seat multi-purpose stadium on the campus of California Polytechnic State University (Cal Poly), San Luis Obispo, in the U.S. state of California.	Alex G. Spanos Stadium	San Luis Obispo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polaris Fashion Place is a two level shopping mall and surrounding retail plaza serving Columbus, Ohio, United States.	Polaris Fashion Place	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamalabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان جمال آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Jamalabad Rural District	Sharifabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Boqeh (Persian: حسن بقعه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Boq``eh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 153, in 35 families.	Hasan Boqeh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Border Theater is a historic movie theater in Mission, Texas.	Border Theater	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lancaster Mennonite School is a private Christian school with four campuses in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, and one in Hershey, Dauphin County.	Lancaster Mennonite School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cantilever Range is the highest sector of the Lillooet Ranges and is crowned by Skihist Mountain, which stands 2968 m (9738 ft), making it the highest mountain in southwestern British Columbia.	Cantilever Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oddendale is a hamlet in Cumbria, England, near the large village of Shap.	Oddendale	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravenstonedale is a village and large civil parish in Cumbria, on the watershed between the River Lune and River Eden.	Ravenstonedale	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Bridges State Park is located on the north side of the Grand Lake o' the Cherokees in northeastern Oklahoma.	Twin Bridges State Park	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howraghat (IPA: ˈhɑʊrəˌgɑːt) is a town in the Karbi Anglong district of India's state of Assam.	Howraghat	Karbi Anglong district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redwood Empire Food Bank (REFB) is a food bank on the North Coast of California which belongs to the Feeding America network.	Redwood Empire Food Bank	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salehabad-e Bozorg (Persian: صالح ابادبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād-e Bozorg) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Salehabad-e Bozorg	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Village Airport (FAA LID: C98) is a public-use airport located one mile (1.6 km) northwest of the central business district of Lake Village, in Newton County, Indiana, United States.	Lake Village Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lurleen B. Wallace Community College (LBWCC) is a community college with campuses in Andalusia, Greenville, and Opp, Alabama.	Lurleen B. Wallace Community College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mémorial de la Shoah is the holocaust museum in Le Marais, Paris, France.	Mémorial de la Shoah	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mathigiri is a panchayat town in Hosur Urban area in Krishnagiri district, Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Mathigiri	Krishnagiri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tauț (Hungarian: Feltót) is a commune in Arad County, Romania.It is situated in the contact zone of the Cigherului Hills and Zărandului Mountains, in the hydrographical basin of the Cigher River.	Tauț	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niechcianów (ɲexˈt͡ɕanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niechcianów	Gmina Nowe Ostrowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Platte River Wilderness is primarily located in south central Wyoming, with a small section extending into Colorado in the United States.	Platte River Wilderness	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanisławów Lipski (staniˈswavuf ˈlipski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerniewice, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stanisławów Lipski	Gmina Czerniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Maryam (Persian: چاه مریم ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Maryam	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carmyllie (Gaelic: Càrn Mhoillidh) is a rural parish in Angus, Scotland.	Carmyllie	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osmancık is a district of Çorum Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey, located 59 km north of the city of Çorum.	Osmancık	Çorum Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Haven Hotel is a hotel near the coast on the eastern side of the town of Marazion, Cornwall, England, UK, several miles east of Penzance.	Mount Haven Hotel	Marazion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teresva (Ukrainian: Тересва) is an urban-type settlement in Tiachiv Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (region) in western Ukraine.	Teresva	Tiachiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulton-Presbyterian Cemetery is a registered historic site in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on August 24, 1979.	Fulton-Presbyterian Cemetery	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agua Dulce Airpark (FAA LID: L70), also known as Agua Dulce Airport, is a public-use airport located 2 miles (3.2 km) east of the central business district of Agua Dulce, in Los Angeles County, California, United States.	Agua Dulce Airpark	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Anita Park is a thoroughbred racetrack in Arcadia, California, United States.	Santa Anita Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stone Manor is a historic Italianate residence in Homer Glen, Illinois.	Stone Manor	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhowr Khash (Persian: اخوررخش‎, also Romanized as Ākhowr Khash, Ākhvorrash, and Akhor Vakhsh; also known as Ākhowr and Al Khawr) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Akhowr Khash	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawthorne Army Depot (HWAD) is a U.S. Army ammunition storage depot located near the town of Hawthorne in western Nevada in the United States.	Hawthorne Army Depot	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genani (Persian: گناني‎, Sorani Kurdish: گنانی, also Romanized as Genānī) is a village in Bazan Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Genani	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Latta Plantation, also known as Latta House, is a historic house located in Huntersville, North Carolina near Mountain Island Lake.	Latta Plantation	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olaulim is a scenic village in Bardez sub-district, North Goa, India.	Olaulim	North Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calgary Queens Park was a provincial electoral district that existed in Calgary Alberta from 1963 to 1967.	Calgary Queens Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collège catholique Samuel-Genest (CCSG) is a French Catholic junior high and high school (Grade 7 to Grade 12) in Ottawa, Ontario, under the Conseil des écoles catholiques du Centre-Est (CECCE).	Collège catholique Samuel-Genest	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burwood Cemetery is a cemetery located in Burwood, Victoria in Australia.	Burwood Cemetery	Burwood, Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1896, Chuncheon became the capital city of Gangwon province.	Chuncheon	Gangwon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teltown (Irish: Tailtin) is an outdated place name in County Meath, Ireland, for the area between Navan and Kells.	Teltown	County Meath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandler Mill Bridge, also known as Chester County Bridge No. 236, is a historic steel bridge located in Kennett Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Chandler Mill Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chirk (Welsh: Y Waun, meaning The Moor) is a small town and local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales.	Chirk	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Setauket Presbyterian Church and Burial Ground, also known as First Presbyterian Church of Brookhaven, is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery at 5 Caroline Avenue in the Village of Setauket, Suffolk County, New York.	Setauket Presbyterian Church and Burial Ground	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mauricie (French pronunciation: ​(mɔʁisi)) is a traditional and current administrative region of Quebec.	Mauricie	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jubata ez-Zeit (Arabic: جباتا الزيت‎, Jubātā az-Zayt) was a Syrian village situated in the far north of the Golan Heights.	Jubata ez-Zeit	Golan Heights
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dardavey (Persian: دردوي‎) is a village in Pain Khvaf Rural District, Sangan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dardavey	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdabad-e Now (Persian: مجدابادنو‎, also Romanized as Majdābād-e Now; also known as Majābād, Mujdābād, and Mujdābād Nau) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Majdabad-e Now	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basílica del Salvador is a basilica located at the corner of Huérfanos Street and Almirante Barroso Street in the Barrio Brasil of Santiago de Chile.	Basílica del Salvador	Santiago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Darzeh (Persian: ده درزه‎) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Darzeh	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toveyleh-ye Yebareh (Persian: طويله يباره‎, also Romanized as Ţoveyleh-ye Yebāreh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Toveyleh-ye Yebareh	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surbtal is the name of a river valley region in the Canton of Aargau in Switzerland.	Surbtal	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmiechów (ˈɕmjɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Śmiechów	Gmina Będzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre of Tallahassee, formerly Tallahassee Mall, is a local unenclosed shopping center (formerly an enclosed regional shopping mall) located at the intersection of North Monroe Street and John Knox Road in Tallahassee, Florida.	Centre of Tallahassee	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staszkowo (staʂˈkɔvɔ) (German: Baarwiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Staszkowo	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosewall Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located northwest of the community of Bowser.	Rosewall Creek Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen Elizabeth Stadium is an indoor sport facility on the Morrison Hill in Wan Chai, on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong.	Queen Elizabeth Stadium	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albertstadt is a neighborhood of Dresden, Germany.	Albertstadt	Dresden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khakian (Persian: خاكيان‎‎, also Romanized as Khākīān) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khakian	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marktbreit am Main is a town in the district of Kitzingen in the Regierungsbezirk Unterfranken in Bavaria situated at the most southern point of the Main river.	Marktbreit	Kitzingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barry Switzer Center, on the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman, Oklahoma, houses football offices, the football locker room, equipment room, the Siegfried Strength and Conditioning Complex, the Freede Sports Medicine Facility and the Touchdown Club Legends Lobby.	Barry Switzer Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachady is an agricultural village situated in the state of Kerala and the Idukki district under Udumbanchola taluk in India.	Pachady	Kerala	Idukki district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jannus Live (originally known as Jannus Landing) is an outdoor music venue in St. Petersburg, Florida.	Jannus Live	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitcomb Farm is an historic farmhouse at 36 Willett Avenue in East Providence, Rhode Island.	Whitcomb Farm	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Mill District is a historic area formerly occupied by two lumber mills in Bend, Oregon.	Old Mill District	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mand-e Bala (Persian: مندبالا‎, also Romanized as Mand-e Bālā; also known as Mand) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mand-e Bala	Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doğanşehir, (Kurdish: Muhacîr), also known as Muhacir, Viransehir, Viranşehir, is a district of Malatya Province of Turkey.	Doğanşehir	Malatya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yale Law School (often referred to as Yale Law or YLS) is the law school of Yale University, located in New Haven, Connecticut, United States.	Yale Law School	New Haven, Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafshgiran (Persian: كفشگران‎, also Romanized as Kafshgīrān and Kafshgarān) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kafshgiran	Gudarzi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mejillones is a Chilean port city and commune in Antofagasta Province in the Antofagasta Region.	Mejillones	Antofagasta Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russell Ranch Oil Field is an oil and gas field in the Cuyama Valley of northern Santa Barbara and southern San Luis Obispo Counties, California, in the United States.	Russell Ranch Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakan Rural District (Persian: دهستان لاكان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lakan Rural District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Attymass (Irish: Áth Tí an Mheasaigh) is a village in County Mayo, Ireland.	Attymass	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethel Beach Natural Area Preserve is a Natural Area Preserve located in Mathews County, Virginia, near the Chesapeake Bay.	Bethel Beach Natural Area Preserve	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaliambakam is a village located in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Kaliambakam	Chittoor district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Gaz-e Rajabali (Persian: دولگزرجبعلي‎, also Romanized as Dūl Gaz-e Rajab``alī) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 187, in 38 families.	Dul Gaz-e Rajabali	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Tareshk (Persian: مزرعه ترشك‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Tareshk) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Tareshk	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorzeszyn (ɡɔˈʐɛʂɨn) (German: Gorshütte) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gorzeszyn	Gmina Skępe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aleksicze (alɛkˈɕit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Aleksicze	Gmina Zabłudów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albany Academy for Girls is an independent college-preparatory day school for girls in Albany, New York, USA, enrolling students from Preschool (age 3) to Grade 12.	Albany Academy for Girls	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yazdel (Persian: يزدل‎, also Romanized as Yazdal; also known as Yāzdiz) is a village in Sefiddasht Rural District, in the Central District of Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Yazdel	Sefiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delaware Route 17 (DE 17) is a two-lane undivided state highway located in Sussex County, Delaware.	Delaware Route 17	Sussex County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Good Counsel Complex, also known as Convent of the Sisters of the Divine Compassion, is a national historic district located at White Plains, Westchester County, New York.	Good Counsel Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Käsmu (German: Kaspervik, Hasterwieck) is a village in Vihula Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northern Estonia, on the territory of Lahemaa National Park.	Käsmu	Vihula Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Praia do Norte is a civil parish of the municipality of Horta, located along the northern coast between Cedros and Capelo, on the island of Faial, Azores.	Praia do Norte	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moffatt-Ladd House, also known as the William Whipple House, is a historic house museum and National Historic Landmark at 154 Market Street in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, United States.	Moffatt-Ladd House	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidesgan (Persian: بيدسگان‎, also Romanized as Bīdesgān, Bīdsagān, and Bīdeskān; also known as Bidishkūn) is a village in Baghestan Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bidesgan	Baghestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford's Grand Opera House was a major music venue in Baltimore, Maryland, located on West Fayette Street between North Howard and Eutaw Streets.	Ford's Grand Opera House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darb-e Gonbad Rural District (Persian: دهستان درب گنبد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darb-e Gonbad Rural District	Darb-e Gonbad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barreh Kolang (Persian: بره كلنگ‎) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Barreh Kolang	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanderling Beach Club is a historic Sarasota School of Architecture building in Sarasota, Florida, United States.	Sanderling Beach Club	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum du Sarroudier (60 hectares) is a new arboretum now taking shape in the village of Le Mas, Alpes-Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Arboretum du Sarroudier	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bararee Colliery is one of the underground mines of Lodna area of Bharat Coking Coal Limited subsidiary of Coal India Limited.	Bararee Colliery	Lodna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żmijówek-Mans (ʐmiˈjuvɛk ˈmans) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żmijówek-Mans	Gmina Troszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcove Historic District is a 14-acre (5.7 ha) historic district in the hamlet of Alcove in Albany County, New York.	Alcove Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's Within the Walls (Italian: San Paolo dentro le mura), also known as the American Church in Rome, is a church of the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe on Via Nazionale in Castro Pretorio, Rome.	St Paul's Within the Walls	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blake Peak (or Blake Mountain) is a mountain located in Essex County, New York.	Blake Peak	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Saidi (Persian: محمدسعيدي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Saʿīdī) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammad Saidi	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomerelle Mountain is an alpine ski area in the western United States, in south central Idaho.	Pomerelle	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Mohammad (Persian: بنه محمد‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Moḩammad; also known as Bunneh-i-Muhammad) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District, Shabankareh District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Mohammad	Shabankareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jadzień (ˈjad͡ʑeɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jadzień	Gmina Kiernozia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Karim (Persian: چاه كرم‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Karim) is a village in Seh Qaleh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Karim	Seh Qaleh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adena Mound, the type site for the Adena culture of prehistoric mound builders, is a registered historic structure, on the grounds of the Adena Mansion for which it is named, near Chillicothe, Ohio, was listed in the National Register on June 5, 1975.	Adena Mound	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Sevier Savings and Loan building (historically known as the Sevierville Masonic Lodge) is a historic building in Sevierville, Tennessee.	John Sevier Savings and Loan building	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little River (Dubbo), a watercourse of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the central western and Orana districts of New South Wales, Australia.	Little River (Dubbo)	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vihterpalu (German: Wichterpal) is a village in Padise Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Vihterpalu	Padise Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronoszewice (brɔnɔʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bronoszewice	Gmina Gozdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Walter F. Robinson School is a public coeducational primary school located in the U.S. city of Bayonne, New Jersey, run by the Bayonne Board of Education.	Robinson School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atocha station memorial is a memorial monument located at Atocha station in Madrid, Spain, that commemorates the 191 victims of the 11 March 2004 Madrid train bombings and the special forces agent who died when seven suicide bombers blew themselves up on 3 April 2004.	Atocha station memorial	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFIR (720 AM) is a radio station licensed to Sweet Home in the U.S. state of Oregon.	KFIR	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murzangi (Persian: مورزنگي‎, also Romanized as Mūrzangī; also known as Mūrazmgī) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Murzangi	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enchanted Mesa is a sandstone butte in Cibola County, New Mexico, United States, about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) northeast of the pueblo of Acoma.	Enchanted Mesa	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leadership Square is an office complex in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA.	Leadership Square	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soudley is a small village to the west of Cinderford, in the Forest of Dean, west Gloucestershire, England.It joins with Ruspidge to form a civil parish.	Soudley	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delmarva Christian High School is a Christian high school located in Georgetown, Delaware, the geographic center, and county seat of Sussex County.	Delmarva Christian High School	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ronsdorf is a district of the German town Wuppertal.	Ronsdorf	Wuppertal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roxbury Community College (RCC) is a community college in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Roxbury Community College	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schicker Mound is a Native American archaeological site located near Tallulah, Louisiana, United States.	Schicker Mound	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas R. Carskadon House also known as the Carskadon Mansion and ``Radical Hill,'' is a historic home located on Radical Hill overlooking Mineral Street (US 220), in Keyser, Mineral County, West Virginia.	Thomas R. Carskadon House	Keyser
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Gaston was founded on December 4, 1859, in the redwood forests of the Hoopa Valley, in Northern California, on the west bank of the Trinity River, 14 miles from where the Trinity flows into the Klamath River.	Fort Gaston	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Dorado Correctional Facility, or EDCF, is a maximum security prison located in Prospect Township in Butler County, Kansas east of the town of El Dorado.	El Dorado Correctional Facility	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWYY (95.5 FM) is a radio station in Casper, Wyoming, branded as ``My Country 95.5'' and carrying a country music format.	KWYY	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grangemill is a busy crossroads village in the English county of Derbyshire.	Grangemill	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uncanoonuc Mountains are two small mountain peaks in Goffstown, New Hampshire, United States.	Uncanoonuc Mountains	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tasiujaq (Inuktitut: ᑕᓯᐅᔭᖅ, meaning: Which resembles a lake) is a northern village (Inuit community) in Nunavik, in northern Quebec, Canada.	Tasiujaq	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cristinápolis is the southernmost municipality in the Brazilian state of Sergipe.	Cristinápolis	Sergipe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockdale Country Club is an 18-hole private golf course located on a plot of unincorporated Kern County land that is surrounded by Bakersfield, California.	Stockdale Country Club	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Fe Christian Schools is a private, college preparatory, Christian school, located in Solana Beach, California.	Santa Fe Christian Schools	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kayseri Province (Turkish: Kayseri ili) is situated in central Turkey.	Kayseri Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The I.O.O.F. Building of Buffalo, in Buffalo, Oklahoma, was built in 1917 in what is now known as Plains Commercial Style architecture.	I.O.O.F. Building of Buffalo	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gishnu (Persian: گيشنو‎, also Romanized as Gīshnū) is a village in Tiab Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gishnu	Tiab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Nay (Persian: كلاته نايي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Nāy; also known as Nā’ī) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Nay	Bala Velayat Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podcerkawizna (pɔtt͡sɛrkaˈvizna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Radomsko, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Podcerkawizna	Gmina Radomsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRZA transmits from the peak of San Antonio Mountain above Antonito, Colorado and can be heard as far south as Santa Fe, New Mexico and up to the north end of the San Luis Valley.	KRZA	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahimabad, Zahedan (Persian: ابراهیم‌آباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elgin Mental Health Center (formerly Elgin State Hospital) is a mental health facility operated by the State of Illinois in Elgin, Illinois.	Elgin Mental Health Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golčův Jeníkov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɡoltʃuːf ˈjɛɲiːkof); German: Goltsch-Jenikau) is a town in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Golčův Jeníkov	Havlíčkův Brod District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrowo Pierwsze (pjɔˈtrɔvɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Piotrowo Pierwsze	Gmina Czempiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roma Trastevere railway station (Italian: Stazione di Roma Trastevere) is a major railway station serving the city and comune of Rome, Italy.	Roma Trastevere railway station	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawthorne Industrial Airport (IATA: HTH, ICAO: KHTH, FAA LID: HTH) is a county-owned public-use airport located one mile (2 km) north of the central business district of Hawthorne, in Mineral County, Nevada, United States.	Hawthorne Industrial Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burtonhole Lane and Pasture is a 6.5 hectare Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade II, between Mill Hill and Totteridge in the London Borough of Barnet.	Burtonhole Lane and Pasture	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abirash (Persian: ابيرش‎, also Romanized as Ābīrash) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abirash	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glencoe-Auburn Hotel and Glencoe-Auburn Place Row Houses is a registered historic district in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register of Historic Places on December 10, 2003.	Glencoe-Auburn Hotel and Glencoe-Auburn Place Row Houses	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edinburgh Playhouse is a former cinema in Edinburgh, Scotland which now hosts touring musicals and music concerts.	Edinburgh Playhouse	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bothwell Castle is a large medieval castle sited on a high, steep bank, above a bend in the River Clyde, in South Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Bothwell Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maniów Wielki (ˈmaɲuf ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Maniów Wielki	Gmina Mietków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fearnville is a small area of Leeds which has boundaries with Roundhay, Seacroft, Oakwood, Gipton and Harehills.	Fearnville	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Chapar Qaleh (Persian: كلاته چاپارقلعه‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Chāpār Qal``eh) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 6 families.	Kalateh-ye Chapar Qaleh	Kenevist Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vayrij (Persian: ويريج‎, also Romanized as Vayrīj and Varīj; also known as Darīj) is a village in Fordu Rural District, Kahak District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Vayrij	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ohio Statehouse, located in Columbus, Ohio, is the house of government for the state of Ohio.	Ohio Statehouse	Columbus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kibler High School is a historic high school building located at the city of Tonawanda in Erie County, New York.	Kibler High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirur taluka (Marathi: शिरूर तालुका), is a taluka in Haveli subdivision of Pune district of state of Maharashtra in India.	Shirur taluka	Pune district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beth Tfiloh Congregation is an Orthodox congregation in Pikesville, Maryland.	Beth Tfiloh Congregation	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alhasi (Persian: الهاسي‎, also Romanized as Alḩāşī) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alhasi	Hoveyzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spandau (pronounced (ˈʃpandaʊ̯)) is the fifth of the twelve boroughs (Bezirk) of Berlin.	Spandau	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Västerås Municipality (Västerås kommun) is a municipality in Västmanland County in central Sweden.	Västerås Municipality	Västmanland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Ambrogio e Carlo al Corso (usually known simply as San Carlo al Corso) is a basilica church in Rome, Italy, facing onto the central part of the Via del Corso.	San Carlo al Corso	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korolówka-Kolonia (kɔrɔˈlufka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Korolówka-Kolonia	Gmina Włodawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avanlu (Persian: اوانلو‎, also Romanized as Āvānlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Avanlu	Keyvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larapinta Drive is a designated state route in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Larapinta Drive	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuttiady (or Kuttiadi) is a town in the northern part of Kozhikode district in Kerala state, India.	Kuttiady	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellenborough Falls, a horsetail waterfall on the headwaters of the Ellenborough River, is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Ellenborough Falls	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grenfell Glen (also called the Grenfell Sector) is a small neighbourhood in Knoxdale-Merivale Ward in the city of Ottawa in Ontario, Canada.	Grenfell Glen	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Washington Purnell House in Snow Hill, Maryland, is a gothic revival house built around 1860.	George Washington Purnell House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strykowice Błotne (strɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈbwɔtnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strykowice Błotne	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Baba Khanjar (Persian: حسين ابادباباخنجر‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Bābā Khanjar; also known as Hasanābād, Hosein Abad Mehraban, Ḩoseynābād, and Husainābād) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Shirin Su District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Baba Khanjar	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pleissner Gallery is an exhibit building located at the Shelburne Museum in Shelburne, Vermont.	Pleissner Gallery	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uzun Tappeh-ye Sofla (Persian: اوزن تپه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Uzūn Tappeh-ye Soflá; also known as Uzūn Tappeh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Uzun Tappeh-ye Sofla	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bovingdon is a large village in Hertfordshire, England, four miles southwest of Hemel Hempstead, and it is a civil parish within the local authority area of Dacorum.	Bovingdon	Dacorum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albaro is a residential neighbourhood of Genoa, Italy, which covers a wide area on a hill east of the city centre, once the old comune of San Francesco d'Albaro, included in the city of Genoa in 1873.	Albaro	Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ovraqin (Persian: اورقين‎, also Romanized as Ovraqīn; also known as Auwarghon, Oorghīn, Orqīn, and Ūrqīn) is a village in Raheb Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Ovraqin	Raheb Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoffman Island is one of two small artificial islands in the Lower New York Bay, off South Beach, Staten Island.	Hoffman Island	Staten Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eynhallow (Old Norse: Eyinhelga) is a small, presently uninhabited island, part of Orkney, off the north coast of mainland Scotland.	Eynhallow	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erie Maritime Museum is a maritime museum located on Presque Isle Bay in downtown Erie, Pennsylvania.	Erie Maritime Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Pines Forest State Park, more commonly referred to as White Pines State Park, is an Illinois state park in Ogle County, Illinois.	White Pines Forest State Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyn ol Qas (Persian: عين القاص‎, also Romanized as ``Eyn ol Qāş) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 186, in 50 families.	Eyn ol Qas	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dauphin Island Airport (FAA LID: 4R9) is a county-owned public-use airport in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.	Dauphin Island Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm & Wilderness, also known as F&W, is a system of seven ACA-accredited Quaker-based summer camps and associated educational programs situated in and around Plymouth, Vermont.	Farm & Wilderness	Plymouth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mezzolombardo (German: Welsch-Metz) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of the city of Trento.	Mezzolombardo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mormon Pioneer Cemetery is located at 3301 State Street in present-day Florence at the north end of Omaha, Nebraska.	Mormon Pioneer Cemetery	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pez-e Sofla (Persian: پزسفلي‎) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pez-e Sofla	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	L.A. Louver is an art gallery focusing on American and European contemporary art. The gallery is located in Venice, Los Angeles, California, USA.	L.A. Louver	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heisdorf railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Heeschdref, French: Gare de Heisdorf, German: Bahnhof Heisdorf) is a railway station serving Heisdorf, in the commune of Steinsel, in central Luxembourg.	Heisdorf railway station	Steinsel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward Drinker Cope House, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was a home of Edward Drinker Cope, a prolific geologist and paleontologist and noted herpetologist.	Edward Drinker Cope House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eikeland is a village in southeastern part of the municipality of Gjerstad in Aust-Agder, Norway.	Eikeland	Gjerstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aksubayevsky District (Russian: Аксуба́евский райо́н; Tatar Cyrillic: Аксубай районы, Latin: Aqsubay rayonı) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Aksubayevsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludian County (Chinese: 鲁甸县; pinyin: Lǔdiàn Xiàn) is a county under the administration of Zhaotong City, it lies in the north east of Yunnan Province, China, and shares land borders with Guizhou Province.	Ludian County	Zhaotong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whiteman Airport (previously known as Whiteman Air Park) (IATA: WHP, ICAO: KWHP) is a general aviation airport in the northeastern San Fernando Valley community of Pacoima, in the city of Los Angeles, California.	Whiteman Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orlinka (ɔrˈlinka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Orlinka	Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of the Ara Pacis (Italian: Museo dell'Ara Pacis) belongs to the Sistema dei Musei in Comune of Rome (Italy); it houses the Ara Pacis of Augustus, an ancient monument that was initially inaugurated on January 30, 9 B.C.	Museum of the Ara Pacis	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emerald Downs is a thoroughbred racetrack in Auburn, Washington, located a half mile east of Highway 167.	Emerald Downs	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakhpat is a sparsely populated town and sub-district in Kachchh district in the Indian state of Gujarat located at the mouth of Kori Creek.	Lakhpat	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Połajewek (pɔwaˈjɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Połajewek	Gmina Piotrków Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of the Lake University (OLLU) is an independent Catholic, co-ed university located in San Antonio, Texas, United States.	Our Lady of the Lake University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glover School is a public elementary school on Maple Street in Marblehead, Massachusetts, US.	Glover School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veckersviller (in German Weckersweiler) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Veckersviller	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Banks, also known as the Helm-Clevenger House, is a historic home and farm located near Stephenson, Frederick County, Virginia.	High Banks	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taenga, or Taunga-hara, is one of the Tuamotu atolls in French Polynesia.	Taenga	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Assonet Burying Ground is the main public cemetery for Freetown, Massachusetts.	Assonet Burying Ground	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadrollah (Persian: صدراله‎, also Romanized as Şadrollah) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sadrollah	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balmoral Mounds (16 TE 12) is an archaeological site of the Coles Creek culture in Tensas Parish, Louisiana.	Balmoral Mounds	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarchel (Persian: سرچل‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sarchel	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chudei (Ukrainian: Чудей; Romanian: Ciudei) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Chudei	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hope Mills Lake, also referred to as Hope Mills Lake #1, and by long-time citizens as The Pond, was a lake in Hope Mills in Cumberland County, North Carolina.	Hope Mills Lake	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1092 (FM 1092) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that is within both Fort Bend and Harris Counties.	Farm to Market Road 1092	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paloich Airport, Heliport (also Palogue, Palouge Paloug, Paluge) is the airport in South Sudan (Upper Nile State) which provides cargo operations for the adjacent Palogue oil field.	Paloich Airport	Upper Nile
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lost Canyon Cowboy Camp was a line camp operated by the Scorup-Sommerville Cattle Company in what would become Canyonlands National Park, Utah.	Lost Canyon Cowboy Camp	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appin Road is a New South Wales secondary highway linking Campbelltown and Sydney's western suburbs with Wollongong.	Appin Road	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toliara Province (formerly Toliary or Tuléar) is a former province of Madagascar with an area of 161,405 square kilometres (62,319 sq mi).	Toliara Province	Madagascar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arkoli (Persian: اركلي‎, also Romanized as Ārḵolī) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Arkoli	Golidagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNYL-LP (104.9 FM) is a defunct radio station formerly licensed to serve Lima, New York.	WNYL-LP	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanavuori is a district, a hill and a nature reserve in Jyväskylä, Finland.	Kanavuori	Jyväskylä
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hattiesburg Zoo (sometimes also called the Kamper Park Zoo) is a small 12-acre (4.9 ha) zoo located within Kamper Park in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, USA.	Hattiesburg Zoo	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehliyan (Persian: دهليان‎, also Romanized as Dehlīyān) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dehliyan	Rudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goffertpark is a public park in Nijmegen, The Netherlands.	Goffertpark	Nijmegen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kintla Lake is a lake in the northwestern portion of Glacier National Park in Montana.	Kintla Lake	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gachi District (Persian: بخش گچی‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Gachi District	Malekshahi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chino Hills are a mountain range on the border of Orange, Los Angeles, and San Bernardino counties, California, with a small portion in Riverside County.	Chino Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbiersk-Kolonia (ˈzbjɛrsk kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiszyn, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zbiersk-Kolonia	Gmina Stawiszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfaes (formerly also known as Llanmaes) is a small village on the island of Anglesey, Wales, located on the shore of the eastern entrance to the Menai Strait, the tidal waterway separating Anglesey from the north Wales coast.	Llanfaes	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trpísty (German Trpist) is a village and municipality (obec) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Trpísty	Tachov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogontz Hall is a historic combined residential and commercial building complex located in the West Oak Lane neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Ogontz Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juzurak (Persian: جوزورك‎, also Romanized as Jūzūrak) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Juzurak	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erpužice (German: Welperschitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Erpužice	Tachov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakhl-e Yusef (Persian: نخل يوسف‎, also Romanized as Nakhl-e Yūsef; also known as Nakhl-e Moḩammad Yūsef) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nakhl-e Yusef	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Miran (Persian: باغ ميران‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Mīrān and Bāgh-e Mīrān) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bagh Miran	Murcheh Khvort Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verkhovyna Raion (Ukrainian: Верховинський район) is a raion (district) of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (region).	Verkhovyna Raion	Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Milford Historic District, or Victorian South Milford Historic District, is a national historic district located at Milford, Sussex County, Delaware.	South Milford Historic District	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czerśl (t͡ʂɛrɕl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Czerśl	Gmina Łuków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaziyan (Persian: قاضيان‎, also Romanized as Qāzīyān, Qāzeyān, and Qāzīān; also known as Ghāzeyān, Ghāzīān, and Kazian) is a village in Saravan Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Qaziyan	Saravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardaneh-ye Kol Hasank (Persian: گردنه كل حسنك‎, also Romanized as Gardaneh-ye Kol Ḩasank) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gardaneh-ye Kol Hasank	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fulmer Falls is the second waterfall located in the George W. Childs Recreation Site in Dingmans Ferry, Pike County, Pennsylvania, United States of America.	Fulmer Falls	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yafforth is a village and civil parish in Hambleton, North Yorkshire, England about 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Northallerton.	Yafforth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boven Digoel Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in the southern part of Papua province of Indonesia.	Boven Digoel Regency	Papua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaanstad (ˈzaːnstɑt) is a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland, situated northwest of Amsterdam.	Zaanstad	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oracze (ɔˈrat͡ʂɛ) (German: Oratzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Oracze	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bochotnica-Kolonia (bɔxɔtˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nałęczów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bochotnica-Kolonia	Gmina Nałęczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nyack Library is a free association library located in the village of Nyack in New York State.	Nyack Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tallahatchie County Correctional Facility (TCCF) is a private prison for men, authorized by the Tallahatchie County Correctional Authority and operated by the Corrections Corporation of America on behalf of the Mississippi Department of Corrections.	Tallahatchie County Correctional Facility	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vamenan (Persian: وامنان‎, also Romanized as Vāmenān, Vāmnān, and Vamnān) is a village in Cheshmeh Saran Rural District, Cheshmeh Saran District, Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Vamenan	Cheshmeh Saran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pernink (German: Bärringen) is a village in Karlovy Vary District in the Czech Republic.	Pernink	Karlovy Vary District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myszyniec-Koryta (mɨˈʂɨɲet͡s kɔˈrɨta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Myszyniec-Koryta	Gmina Myszyniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château Louis XIV is a château constructed between 2008 and 2011 in the commune of Louveciennes in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region.	Château Louis XIV	Louveciennes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Headquarter Veng is a village in the western part of Lamka Town in Zogam, Manipur, also known as Lamka West, is the area where various government offices are situated.	Headquarter Veng	Manipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghilarza (Sardinian: Ilàrtzi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) north of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Oristano.	Ghilarza	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niebórz (ˈɲebuʂ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Niebórz	Gmina Rąbino
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFHB 91.3 FM is a community radio FM station in Bloomington, Indiana, United States.	WFHB	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	On December 27, 2005, the Burkhan Bakshin Altan Sume (``The Golden Abode of the Buddha Shakyamuni'') was opened in Elista, the capital of the Republic of Kalmykia, a federal subject of the Russian Federation.	Burkhan Bakshin Altan Sume	Elista
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rolvenden Layne is a hamlet within the civil parish of Rolvenden in the Ashford District of Kent, England.	Rolvenden Layne	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajiamir-e Bala (Persian: حاجی‌امیر بالا‎) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hajiamir-e Bala	Heyran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolite (Bulgarian: Соколите) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Sokolite	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape May National Wildlife Refuge is a protected area on the Cape May Peninsula in Cape May County, New Jersey.	Cape May National Wildlife Refuge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hestand Stadium is a 7,000-seat covered open-air stadium located in Pine Bluff, Arkansas.	Hestand Stadium	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Roads Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Jennings, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri, United States.	River Roads Mall	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Occupy Oakland refers to a collaboration and series of demonstrations in Oakland, California that started in October 2011.	Occupy Oakland	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altus/Quartz Mountain Regional Airport (IATA: AXS, ICAO: KAXS, FAA LID: AXS) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Altus, a city in Jackson County, Oklahoma, United States.	Altus/Quartz Mountain Regional Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooks River Historic Ranger Station is a log structure located at Brooks Camp in Katmai National Park and Preserve, located on the Alaska Peninsula of southwestern Alaska.	Brooks River Historic Ranger Station	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agjeh (Persian: اگجه‎, also Romanized as Āgjeh; also known as Akcheh, Āqcheh, Āqjeh, Augajeh, and Ūgjeh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Agjeh	Sarshiv Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Valley Regional Airport (FAA LID: U42) is a public airport located in West Jordan, seven miles (11 km) southwest of Salt Lake City, Utah.	South Valley Regional Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parc del Laberint d'Horta (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈparɡ dəɫ ɫəβəˈɾin ˈdɔrtə), ``Labyrinth Park of Horta'', sometimes named Jardins (Gardens) del Laberint d'Horta) is an historical garden in the Horta-Guinardó district in Barcelona, and the oldest of its kind in the city.	Parc del Laberint d'Horta	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. John's Church at Creagerstown Historic District is a national historic district located at Creagerstown, Frederick County, Maryland The district encompasses four contributing buildings and one contributing site, namely:	St. John's Church at Creagerstown Historic District	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockland Almshouse is a historic almshouse at 198 Spring Street in Rockland, Massachusetts.	Rockland Almshouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dall Lake is a 24-mile-long (37 km) lake in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Dall Lake	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heungdeok-gu is a non-autonomous district in the City of Cheongju in North Chungcheong Province, South Korea.	Heungdeok-gu	North Chungcheong Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrowy-Cukrownia (ɔsˈtrɔvɨ t͡suˈkrɔvɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ostrowy-Cukrownia	Gmina Nowe Ostrowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Longstone with Little Longstone is one of two villages in the local government district of Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire, England.	Great Longstone	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Mountains are located on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska.	York Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clocaenog is a village and community in Denbighshire, north-east Wales.	Clocaenog	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir John Rogerson's Quay is a street and quay in Dublin on the south bank of the Liffey between City Quay in the west and Britain Quay.	Sir John Rogerson's Quay	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łebki Małe (ˈwɛpki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łebki Małe	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanigan (Persian: كاني گان‎, also Romanized as Kānīgān) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kanigan	Birk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 530 (abbreviated I-530) in Arkansas is a spur route of the Interstate highway system, traveling 46.65 miles (75.08 km) from Little Rock at the junction of Interstate 30 and Interstate 440 in the northwest, to Pine Bluff in the southeast.	Interstate 530	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Place is a Greek Revival palace in the Hawaii Capital Historic District in Honolulu, Hawaiʻi.	Washington Place	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bushehr County (Persian: شهرستان بوشهر‎) is a county in Bushehr Province in Iran.	Bushehr County	Bushehr Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Chubi (Persian: قلعه چوبي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Chūbī) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 837, in 199 families.	Qaleh Chubi	Siyakh Darengun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajoldinabad (Persian: تاج الدين اباد‎, also Romanized as Tājoldīnābād; also known as Tāj ol Dīn and Tāchīnābād) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tajoldinabad	Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckley Island is an island on the Ohio River in Wood County, West Virginia between Marietta, Ohio and Williamstown, West Virginia.	Buckley Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooklyn Democracy Academy is a transfer school for over-age/under-credited students in Brooklyn, New York.	Brooklyn Democracy Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Injanlu (Persian: اينجانلو‎, also Romanized as Īnjānlū) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Injanlu	Atrak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blacklion (Irish: An Blaic; formerly An Leargaidh) is a border village in west County Cavan, Ireland.	Blacklion	County Cavan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Springwater Corridor Trail is a bicycle and pedestrian rail trail in the Portland metropolitan area in Oregon, United States.	Springwater Corridor	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pink Bridge of Huntington, West Virginia is a concrete arch bridge spanning Four Pole Creek at 8th Street that was painted pink during late October to mid November 2006 to raise awareness of breast cancer.	Pink Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruty (Hungarian: Bart) is a municipality and village in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Bruty	Nové Zámky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jemezqan (Persian: جمزقان‎, also Romanized as Jemezqān) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Jemezqan	Qahan Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Pa Khrang (Thai: หนองป่าครั่ง ``Forest Marsh of Lac'') is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Mai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Nong Pa Khrang	Mueang Chiang Mai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yagh Bastlu (Persian: ياغ بستلو‎, also Romanized as Yāgh Bastlū; also known as Bā``bastlū) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 17 families.	Yagh Bastlu	Owch Hacha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aurelian Walls (Italian: Mura aureliane) are a line of city walls built between 271 AD and 275 AD in Rome, Italy, during the reign of the Roman Emperors Aurelian and Probus.	Aurelian Walls	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Pakan (Persian: سيپكان‎, also Romanized as Sī Pakān) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Si Pakan	Gavork-e Nalin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhinga is a town, nagar panchayat and district headquarters of Shravasti district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Bhinga	Shravasti district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lazy A Motel is a historic former motel located along Old U.S. Route 66 in Springfield, Illinois.	Lazy A Motel	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lion Rock Tunnel, the first major road tunnel in Hong Kong, is a twin-bored toll tunnel, connecting Sha Tin in the New Territories and New Kowloon near Kowloon Tong.	Lion Rock Tunnel	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crateús is a municipality of about 72,800 (IBGE 2010) inhabitants in the northwest of the state of Ceará, in Northeastern Brazil.	Crateús	Ceará
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulehar is an approximately 600- to 700-year-old village situated in the foothills of the Himalayas, more specifically, Sivalik Hills of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Dulehar	Himachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thus, Heinzenhausen has become a small residential community with job opportunities in the area's major centres (Lauterecken, Wolfstein, Kaiserslautern).	Heinzenhausen	Lauterecken, Wolfstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobylnica-Kolonia (kɔbɨlˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maciejowice, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kobylnica-Kolonia	Gmina Maciejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Fourth Ward, often abbreviated O4W, is a neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	Old Fourth Ward	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Givors became of a member of the Urban Community of Lyon in 2007.	Givors	Urban Community of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton Down is an area of public open space in Bristol, England, north of the village of Clifton.	Clifton Down	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luziânia is municipality in the state of Goiás, Brazil.	Luziânia	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJQS (1060 AM) was a radio station licensed to Van Buren, Arkansas, USA, serving the Ft. Smith, Arkansas, area.	KJQS	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beradust Rural District (Persian: دهستان برادوست‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Beradust Rural District	Sumay-ye Beradust District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poncione della Marcia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, looverlooking Brione in the canton of Ticino.	Poncione della Marcia	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pannur (Tamil: பன்னூர்) is a village in Thiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu.	Pannur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWPT (90.3 FM, ``Wrecker Radio'') is a high school radio station licensed to serve Westport, Connecticut.	WWPT	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varqestan (Persian: ورقستان‎, also Romanized as Varqestān) is a village in Razan Rural District, in the Central District of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Varqestan	Razan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delhi Community Arena is a recreation centre located in Delhi, Ontario, Canada.	Delhi Community Arena	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orpington is a suburban town and electoral ward in the London Borough of Bromley in Greater London and lies at the south-eastern edge of London's urban sprawl.	Orpington	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McDonough County Courthouse is located in the McDonough County city of Macomb, in the U.S. state of Illinois.	McDonough County Courthouse	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lieyu Township (Chinese: 烈嶼鄉; pinyin: Lièyǔ Xiāng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lia̍t-sū-hiong) is a rural township in Kinmen County, Fujian Province, Republic of China.	Lieyu	Kinmen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Regions Tower (Regions Bank), formerly AmSouth Tower and before that the Commercial National Bank tower, is a high-rise in Shreveport, Louisiana in the USA.	Regions Tower	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sverdlovsk Raion (Ukrainian: Свердловський район) is a raion (district) in Luhansk Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Sverdlovsk Raion	Luhansk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château de la Fleunie is a château located south of the commune Condat-sur-Vézère in Dordogne, Aquitane, France.	Château de la Fleunie	Condat-sur-Vézère
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szymbory-Andrzejowięta (ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ andʐɛjɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szymbory-Andrzejowięta	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muana is a village situated in Jind district in the state of Haryana, north India.	Muana	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indiana Aviation Museum was an aviation museum located in Valparaiso, Indiana, at the Porter County Regional Airport.	Indiana Aviation Museum	Valparaiso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahardeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان چهارده‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chahardeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women & Babies is a 285-bed hospital located in Orlando, Florida, United States, and is a part of Orlando Health.	Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women & Babies	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narangba Valley State High School (NVSHS) is a co-educational, state secondary school in Narangba, Queensland.	Narangba Valley State High School	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vesala (Finnish), Ärvings (Swedish) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Vesala	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wong Tai Sin District (Chinese: 黃大仙區) is one of the 18 districts of Hong Kong.	Wong Tai Sin District	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shireh Jin (Persian: شيره جين‎, also Romanized as Shīreh Jīn; also known as Shīrvānchīq, Shirvanjik, and Shirvan Jikh) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shireh Jin	Razliq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Coulee is an ancient river bed in the U.S. state of Washington.	Grand Coulee	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plockton railway station is a railway station on the Kyle of Lochalsh Line, serving the village of Plockton in the Highlands, north-west Scotland.	Plockton railway station	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brae of Achnahaird (Achadh na h-Àirde) is a small settlement at the head of Achnahaird Bay in Achiltibuie, Ullapool in Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Brae of Achnahaird	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thrithala is a village in Pattambi taluk (formerly Ottappalam taluk) in Palakkad District of Kerala state, South India.	Thrithala	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcalà de Xivert (Spanish: Alcalá de Chivert) is a town and municipality in the Baix Maestrat comarca, province of Castelló, Valencian Community, Spain.	Alcalà de Xivert	Baix Maestrat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Uncasville School is a historic school building at 310 Norwich-New London Turnpike in the Uncasville section of Montville, Connecticut.	Uncasville School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haslemere (/ˈheɪzəlmɪər/) is a town in the borough of Waverley in Surrey, England.	Haslemere	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kok Lak (Khmer: កុកឡាក់) is a commune in Veun Sai District in northeast Cambodia.	Kok Lak	Veun Sai District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John C. Pace Library is the academic library of the University of West Florida and is the largest library in the Northwest Florida area.	John C. Pace Library	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo etnologico delle Apuane (Ethnological Museum) is an anthropological and ethnographical museum of the Apuan Alps, located in Massa, Tuscany, Italy.	Museo etnologico delle Apuane	Massa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kauhola Point Lighthouse was located near Kapa'au, on the 'Big Island' of Hawaii, near the northernmost tip of the island.	Kauhola Point Light	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonaduz (Romansh: Panaduz) is a municipality in the district of Imboden in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Bonaduz	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maroubra Speedway, officially known as Olympia Motor Speedway was a motor racing venue in the Sydney suburb of Maroubra, New South Wales, Australia and was reported to have had a capacity of 70,000.	Maroubra Speedway	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOOT (88.1 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve Hurley, New Mexico, USA.	KOOT	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorocaba (Portuguese pronunciation: (so̞ɾo̞ˈkabɐ)) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Sorocaba	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bottomcraig is a village in Fife, Scotland located near Balmerino and The Gauldry.	Bottomcraig	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pihlajamäki (Finnish), Rönnbacka (Swedish) is a northern-central quarter in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.	Pihlajamäki	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahaswan is a city and a municipal board in Budaun district in the Indian state of western Uttar Pradesh.	Sahaswan	Budaun district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Townsend State Park, formerly Old Fort Townsend State Park, is a 367-acre (149 ha) Washington marine state park on Port Townsend Bay in Jefferson County, Washington.	Fort Townsend State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Mahdi (Persian: چشمه مهدي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Mahdī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Mahdi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brinley Avenue Historic District is a historic district in downtown Yuma, Arizona, that runs along Madison Avenue (formerly Brinley Avenue) from 1st to 3rd Streets and along Second Street from Main Street to 1st Avenue.	Brinley Avenue Historic District	Yuma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moses H. Cone Memorial Hospital, also known as Moses Cone Hospital, is a 535 bed tertiary care facility located in Greensboro, North Carolina.	Moses H. Cone Memorial Hospital	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scarborough Island is a small eyot (river island) in the Dungeness River, in Sequim, Washington.	Scarborough Island	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deep Fork River (Deep Fork of the North Canadian) is an Oklahoma tributary of the North Canadian River.	Deep Fork River	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kvænangsbotn Hydroelectric Power Station (Norwegian: Kvænangsbotn kraftverk) is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county, Norway.	Kvænangsbotn Hydroelectric Power Station	Kvænangen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Cruz da Graciosa (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsɐ̃tɐ ˈkɾuʒ ðɐ ɣɾɐsiˈɔzɐ)) is a Portuguese municipality on the island of Graciosa, in the archipelago of the Azores.	Santa Cruz da Graciosa	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Searcy Municipal Airport (IATA: SRC, ICAO: KSRC, FAA LID: SRC) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) south of the central business district of Searcy, in White County, Arkansas, United States.	Searcy Municipal Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnes Point is an ancient landslide delta that juts out into Lake Crescent in Clallam County, Washington.	Barnes Point	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eldorado dos Carajás is a municipality in the state of Pará in the Northern region of Brazil, known for the massacre that occurred there, in 1996, when 19 landless peasants were killed by police troops.	Eldorado dos Carajás	Pará
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faizullapur is a village in the amloh tehsil in the fatehgarh district of Punjab, India.	Faizullapur	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tome School is a private school in North East in Cecil County in the U.S. state of Maryland.	Tome School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchnacree is an estate in Angus, Scotland, five miles north of Forfar.	Auchnacree	Angus
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casino de Charlevoix is located in Pointe-au-Pic, now part of La Malbaie, about 150 kilometres (93 mi) east of Quebec City.	Casino de Charlevoix	La Malbaie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheung Shui Slaughterhouse (chi. 上水屠房) is a slaughterhouse situated in the outer area of Sheung Shui, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Sheung Shui Slaughterhouse	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangyashan (Chinese: 双鸭山; pinyin: Shuāngyāshān) is a coal mining prefecture-level city located in the eastern part Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China, bordering Russia's Khabarovsk and Primorsky krais to the east.	Shuangyashan	Heilongjiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	3 Hardman Street is a 16-storey high-rise building in Spinningfields, Manchester.	3 Hardman Street	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anglet (French: (ɑ̃ɡlet); Occitan: (aŋˈɡlet), Basque: Angelu (aŋɡelu)) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.	Anglet	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lab Kadreh (Persian: لب كدره‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lab Kadreh	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chin Parch (Persian: چين پارچ‎, also Romanized as Chīn Pārch; also known as Chīnī Pārch) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chin Parch	Tuskacheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lednogóra (lɛdnɔˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lednogóra	Gmina Łubowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frenchville Railroad Station and Water Tank are a historic railroad museum property in Frenchville, Maine.	Frenchville Railroad Station and Water Tank	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Palmilla (pronounced: (la palˈmiʝa)) is a Chilean village located in Pichilemu, Cardenal Caro Province.	La Palmilla	Pichilemu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saltabarranca is a municipality located in the south zone of the State of Veracruz, Mexico, about 180 kilometres (110 mi) from state capital Xalapa.	Saltabarranca	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Oak Hotel is a pub in the suburb of Balmain in the Inner West of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Royal Oak Hotel	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salland is a historical dominion in the west and north of the present Dutch province of Overijssel.	Salland	Overijssel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Cohan Gallery is an art gallery in Manhattan, New York, in the United States.	James Cohan Gallery	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalleh Sur-e Shabliz (Persian: كهله شورشبليز‎, also Romanized as Kalleh Sūr-e Shablīz; also known as Kalleh Sūr) is a village in Pataveh Rural District, Pataveh District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalleh Sur-e Shabliz	Pataveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watershops Pond (or Lake Massasoit) is a lake in the city of Springfield, Massachusetts.	Watershops Pond	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trenton Psychiatric Hospital is a state run mental hospital located in Trenton and Ewing, New Jersey.	Trenton Psychiatric Hospital	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gombakan (Persian: گمبكان‎, also Romanized as Gombakān, Gombekān, and Gambakān; also known as Golmakān, and Komyān) is a village in Sarpaniran Rural District, in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gombakan	Sarpaniran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasnogliny (krasnɔˈɡlinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krasnogliny	Gmina Ryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franquemont is an ancient lordship on the banks of the river Doubs dominated by the castle of Franquemont.	Franquemont	Doubs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moricetown is a Wet'suwet'en village in Central British Columbia, Canada on the west side of the Bulkley River on Coryatsaqua (Moricetown) Indian Reserve No. 2, and on Moricetown Indian Reserve No.1.	Moricetown	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savage Gardens is a minor street in the City of London, connecting Crutched Friars in the north to Trinity Square in the south, crossing Pepys Street.	Savage Gardens	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozkochowo (rɔskɔˈxɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Rozkochowo	Gmina Dobiegniew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshwood is a village and civil parish in west Dorset, England, situated on the northern edge of the Marshwood Vale approximately 5.5 miles (8.9 km) northeast of Lyme Regis.	Marshwood	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardar Khan's Roza or Nawab Sardar Khan's Mosque and Tomb, is a mosque and tomb complex in Jamalpur area of Ahmedabad, India.	Sardar Khan's Roza	Ahmedabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reformed Dutch Church of Rensselaer in Watervliet (also known as Component No. 19) is a historic Reformed Dutch church at 210 Old Loudon Road in the hamlet of Latham, town of Colonie, Albany County, New York.	Reformed Dutch Church of Rensselaer in Watervliet	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampi veerupaksha temple on the bank of Malaprabha holi (holi kannada word for river)So Hampiholi.Village is in Belgaum district just 14 km away from Ramdurga taluk in the southern state of Karnataka, India.There is a famous lord Dattatreya temple privately owned by Inamdar family.	Hampiholi	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leawood Gardens is a small suburb of Adelaide, South Australia in both the City of Mitcham and the City of Burnside located in the foothills of the Adelaide Hills.	Leawood Gardens	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Kadeh (Persian: هفتكده‎) is a village in Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District, Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Haft Kadeh	Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nałęcza (naˈwɛnt͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nałęcza	Gmina Szamocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aberuthven (/ˌæbəˈrɪvən/; Gaelic: Obar Ruadhainn) is a small village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Aberuthven	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Körösnagyharsány (Körös-Nagy-Harsány) is a village in Békés County, in the Southern Great Plain region of south-east Hungary.	Körösnagyharsány	Békés County
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Pointe Tower is a highly affluent residential enclave tower in Miami Beach, Florida South Beach.	South Pointe Tower	Miami Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamoście-Kolonia (zaˈmɔɕt͡ɕe kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Wielkie, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Zamoście-Kolonia	Gmina Strzelce Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inglesham is a small village and civil parish in the borough of Swindon, Wiltshire, England.	Inglesham	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eloxochitlán de Flores Magón, formerly known as San Antonio Eloxochitlán, is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Oaxaca.	Eloxochitlán de Flores Magón	Oaxaca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jensen-Salsbery Laboratories building in Kansas City, Missouri is a building from 1918.	Jensen-Salsbery Laboratories	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tłokowisko (twɔkɔˈviskɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tłokowisko	Gmina Iława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masłomęcz (maˈswɔmɛnt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Masłomęcz	Gmina Hrubieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marvel Loch Gold Mine is a gold mine located at Marvel Loch, 30 km south of Southern Cross, Western Australia.	Marvel Loch Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heath Hayes and Wimblebury is a civil parish in the Cannock Chase District of Staffordshire, England.	Heath Hayes and Wimblebury	Staffordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southside Beach is a clothes-optional beach located near Torquay, in Victoria, Australia.	Southside Beach	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potaro-Siparuni (Region 8) is a region in Guyana, bordering the region of Cuyuni-Mazaruni to the north, the regions of Upper Demerara-Berbice and East Berbice-Corentyne to the east, the region of Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo to the south and Brazil to the west.	Potaro-Siparuni	Guyana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Milford Plant of the Hackensack Water Company was a water filtration and pumping plant located on Van Buskirk Island, an artificially created island in the Hackensack River, in Oradell, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	New Milford Plant of the Hackensack Water Company	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pagham is a semi-rural, semi-urban coastal village and civil parish in the Arun district of West Sussex, England, with a population of around 6,100.	Pagham	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill Creek Ravine is located in south Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Mill Creek Ravine	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Sarsfield Lake is a small lake located in Bompas Township in the Timiskaming District of northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Little Sarsfield Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colomars (Nissart: Couloumas) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes département in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Colomars	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mała Piaśnica (ˈmawa pjaɕˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mała Piaśnica	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Wall, also known as the Canadian Vietnam Veterans' Memorial, is a war memorial located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	The North Wall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukmanie (sukˈmaɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojnicz, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Sukmanie	Gmina Wojnicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franklin's Gardens is a purpose-built rugby stadium in Northampton, England.	Franklin's Gardens	Northampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachuiyeh (Persian: كچوييه‎, also Romanized as Kachū’īyeh and Kachūyeh) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kachuiyeh	Zirkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossgates Commons is a large shopping plaza in Albany, New York.	Crossgates Commons	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rednaxela Terrace (Chinese: 列拿士地臺) is a pedestrian-only street in Mid-levels, Hong Kong.	Rednaxela Terrace	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jambughoda is a city and a Tehsil in Panchmahal district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Jambughoda	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bankplassen ('The Bank Square') is a square in the neighborhood Kvadraturen in Oslo, bounded by Kongens gate, Myntgata and Kirkegata.	Bankplassen	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Bid (Persian: كاني بيد‎, also Romanized as Kānī Bīd) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Bid	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stawamus Chief, officially Stawamus Chief Mountain (often referred to as simply The Chief, or erroneously as the Squamish Chief), is a granite dome located adjacent to the town of Squamish, British Columbia.	Stawamus Chief	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamar Kandi (Persian: كمركندي‎, also Romanized as Kamar Kandī) is a village in Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kamar Kandi	Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaborani (Serbian Cyrillic: Заборани) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zaborani	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gebze (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈɟebze), ancient names: Dakibyza and Libyssa, Λίβυσσα in Ancient greek) is a district in Kocaeli Province, Turkey.	Gebze	Kocaeli Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Carolina Zoological Park is located in Asheboro in Randolph County, North Carolina in the Uwharrie Mountains near the geographic center of the state, approximately 75 miles (121 km) west of Raleigh, NC, United States.	North Carolina Zoo	Asheboro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ditmars Boulevard (originally Ditmars Avenue) is a street located in the northwest corner of Queens, New York.	Ditmars Boulevard	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell El Ghassil is an archaeological site 11 km north northeast of Rayak in the Beqaa Mohafazat (Governorate).	Tell El Ghassil	Rayak
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York Times Building is a skyscraper on the west side of midtown Manhattan, New York City that was completed in 2007.	The New York Times Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miri-ye Khani-ye Yek (Persian: ميريخاني1‎, also Romanized as Mīrī-ye Khānī-ye Yek; also known as Mīrī-ye Khānī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Miri-ye Khani-ye Yek	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc Michel-Chartrand, formerly known as the Parc régional de Longueuil, is a large park located in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada.	Parc Michel-Chartrand	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pioneer Memorial Hospital Heliport (FAA LID: 2OR2) is a private heliport located one mile southwest of Prineville in Crook County, Oregon, United States.	Pioneer Memorial Hospital Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedersonthofener See is a lake in Oberallgäu, Bavaria, Germany.	Niedersonthofener See	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Augustin Mountains are a small mountain subrange at the southern terminus of the San Andres Mountains east of Las Cruces, New Mexico.	San Augustin Mountains	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rose Mont is a Greek Revival style house built in Gallatin, Sumner County, Tennessee, United States.	Rose Mont	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hauser Dam (also known as Hauser Lake Dam) is a hydroelectric straight gravity dam on the Missouri River about 14 miles (23 km) northeast of Helena, Montana, in the United States.	Hauser Dam	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ramapo Indian Hills Regional High School District is a comprehensive regional public ublic)) school district consisting of two four-year public high schools serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from the suburban communities of Franklin Lakes, Oakland, and Wyckoff, three suburban communities in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Ramapo Indian Hills Regional High School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emporia State University, often referred to as Emporia State or ESU, is a public university in Emporia, Kansas, United States, east of the Flint Hills.	Emporia State University	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiddingly (/ˈtʃɪdɪŋlaɪ/ CHID-ing-lye) is a village and civil parish in the Wealden District of the administrative county of East Sussex, within historic Sussex, some five miles (8 km) northwest of Hailsham.	Chiddingly	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemlock Bluffs Nature Preserve is a joint project between the North Carolina state park system and the Town of Cary in Wake County, North Carolina in the United States.	Hemlock Bluffs Nature Preserve	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Unitarian Society in Newton occupies a prominent location at 1326 Washington Street in the heart of the village of West Newton in Newton, Massachusetts.	First Unitarian Society in Newton	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duddingston Kirk is a Parish Church in the Church of Scotland, located adjacent to Holyrood Park in Duddingston Village, on the east side of the City of Edinburgh.	Duddingston Kirk	Scotland	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soveleh (Persian: صوله‎; also known as Soveleh Beh, Soveyn, and Sowien) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Soveleh	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Liberty Bell Museum (also the Liberty Bell Shrine Museum) is a non-profit organization and museum located in Zion's United Church of Christ (formerly Zion's Reformed Church) in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Liberty Bell Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakarbhitta (often written and pronounced Kankadbhitta or Kakarvitta) is a neighbourhood in Mechinagar Municipality in Jhapa District of Mechi Zone, southeastern Nepal.	Kakarbhitta	Jhapa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rexburg Stake Tabernacle, also known as the Fremont Stake Tabernacle is a building located in Rexburg, Idaho that formerly served as tabernacle for large gatherings of members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.	Rexburg Stake Tabernacle	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mairang is a town and a town area committee in West Khasi Hills district in the Indian state of Meghalaya.It is located at about 40 km from the state capital Shillong,and 45 km(approx.) from the district headquarters, Nongstoin along National Highway 44E (Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura).	Mairang	West Khasi Hills district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mardanchal (Persian: مردانچال‎, also Romanized as Mardānchāl) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Mardanchal	Alamut-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Josiah Smith Tennent House is a National Register property located at 727 East Bay St. at the intersection of Drake Street in Charleston, South Carolina.	Josiah Smith Tennent House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziadoszyce (d͡ʑadɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (formerly German Döringau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Dziadoszyce	Gmina Kożuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norman High School is a four-year public high school in Norman, Oklahoma with a steady enrollment of 1,945 students.	Norman High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estadio La Granja is a sports venue which is located in Curicó, Maule Region, Chile.	Estadio La Granja	Curicó
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pareh-ye Sofla (Persian: پاره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Pāreh-ye Soflá) is a village in Keshavarz Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pareh-ye Sofla	Keshavarz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rynowo-Kolonia (rɨˈnɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲja) (German: Rienow) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rynowo-Kolonia	Gmina Łobez
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darbid-e Mansuri (Persian: داربيدمنصوري‎, also Romanized as Dārbīd-e Manşūrī; also known as Dārbīd) is a village in Mansuri Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darbid-e Mansuri	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friends Select School (FSS) is a college-preparatory, Quaker school for pre-kindergarten through 12th grade located at 1651 Benjamin Franklin Parkway at the intersection of Cherry and N. 17th Streets in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Friends Select School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGAM (1250 AM) and WGHM (900 AM) are simulcasting radio stations broadcasting a sports talk format named ESPN New Hampshire in Fall of 2012.	WGAM	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słupia Wielka (ˈswupja ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słupia Wielka	Gmina Środa Wielkopolska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haughton impact crater is located on Devon Island, Nunavut in far northern Canada.	Haughton impact crater	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goat Rocks is an extinct stratovolcano in the Cascade Range, located between Mount Rainier and Mount Adams in southern Washington, in the United States.	Goat Rocks	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Venray (old Dutch spelling: Venraij) ( pronunciation ) (Limburgish: Venroj) is a municipality and a town in Limburg, the Netherlands.	Venray	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzeja (vjɛˈʐɛja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Duszniki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wierzeja	Gmina Duszniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Attinghausen Castle is a ruined medieval castle in the municipality of Attinghausen in the canton of Uri in Switzerland.	Attinghausen Castle	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatfield Reservoir and dam on the South Platte River south of Littleton, Colorado were built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers as a response to the disastrous flood of 1965.	Chatfield Reservoir	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coldvreath is a hamlet south-southwest of Roche in Cornwall, England.	Coldvreath	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Detroit City Hall was the seat of government for the city of Detroit, Michigan from 1871--1961.	Detroit City Hall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJRH (104.9 FM) is a college radio station licensed to Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of the United States.	WJRH	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spodnji Kocjan (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji ˈkoːtsjan)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnji Kocjan	Radenci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abduli Zalyab (Persian: عبدولي ذالياب‎, also Romanized as ʿAbdūlī Zālyāb) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Abduli Zalyab	Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chancheng District is a district under the administration of Foshan city, in Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.	Chancheng District	Foshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilud (Persian: ايلود‎‎, also Romanized as Īlūd) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ilud	Deh Tall Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bold Park Reservoir (also known as Mount Kenneth Reservoir) is a roofed reservoir in Bold Park in the suburb of City Beach, in Perth, Western Australia.	Bold Park Reservoir	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richwoods High School is the most northern of the three regular public high schools in Peoria, Illinois, United States.	Richwoods High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruijin (Chinese: 瑞金; pinyin: Ruìjīn) is a county-level city of Ganzhou in the mountains bordering Fujian Province in south-eastern Jiangxi.	Ruijin	Ganzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seventeenth Church of Christ, Scientist, built in 1968, is an award-winning Modern style Christian Science church building located in The Loop at 55 East Wacker Drive, (at Wabash Avenue) in Chicago, Illinois in the United States.	Seventeenth Church of Christ, Scientist	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maihar is a city and municipality in Satna district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Maihar	Satna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niesułów (ɲeˈsuwuf) (German: Neues Vorwerk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Cedynia, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Niesułów	Gmina Cedynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarband-e Parangi (Persian: سربندپرانگي‎, also Romanized as Sarband-e Parāngī) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarband-e Parangi	Jakdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheyrak (Persian: خيرك‎) is a village in Eram Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kheyrak	Eram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Circular Quay is a harbour in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia on the northern edge of the Sydney central business district on Sydney Cove, between Bennelong Point and The Rocks.	Circular Quay	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saranbar-e Kalantari (Persian: سرانباركلانتري‎, also Romanized as Saranbār-e Kalantarī; also known as Sar Anbār) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Saranbar-e Kalantari	Teshkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central East Correctional Centre (as known colloquially as the Lindsay Superjail, or simply Lindsay) is a medium/maximum security prison located in Lindsay, Ontario.	Central East Correctional Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raleigh Convention Center is a convention and exhibition facility in downtown Raleigh, North Carolina that opened in September 2008.	Raleigh Convention Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Bullitt High School is a school located in Hebron Estates, Kentucky, a small city served by the post office of nearby Shepherdsville.	North Bullitt High School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caroline Church and Cemetery is a historic church and cemetery and national historic district at the junction of Dyke and Bates Roads in Setauket, Suffolk County, New York.	Caroline Church and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurchi Bashi (Persian: قورچي باشي‎, also Romanized as Qūrchī Bāshī; also known as Khurchbāshi; also known simply as Qūrchī) is a city in and capital of Kamareh District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qurchi Bashi	Kamareh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenyang city (Chinese: 汾阳市; Pinyin: Fényáng Shì), formerly as Fenyang County (汾阳县) before 1996, is a county-level city under the administration of Lüliang prefecture-level city, in Shanxi Province, China.	Fenyang	Lüliang
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Joaquin General Hospital is a 196-bed public teaching hospital located within the San Joaquin County area of French Camp, California, United States.	San Joaquin General Hospital	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oppidum de Nages or Oppidum des Castels is on a hilltop overlooking the valley called the Vaunage, above the village of Nages-et-Solorgues, in Gard, between Nîmes et Sommières, in Languedoc-Rousillon, France.	Oppidum de Nages	Nages-et-Solorgues
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cole Harbour District High School is a Canadian public school in the Cole Harbour area just east of Dartmouth, Nova Scotia.	Cole Harbour District High School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sphinx Glacier is in the Wind River Range, Bridger-Teton National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Sphinx Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinrossie is a linear village in the Perth and Kinross area of Scotland.	Kinrossie	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daf Sar (Persian: دافسار‎, also Romanized as Dāf Sār; also known as Davsar) is a village in Pasikhan Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Daf Sar	Pasikhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Davis Mountains in West Texas, the Otto Struve Telescope was designed by Warner & Swasey Company and constructed between 1933 and 1939 by the Paterson-Leitch Company.	Otto Struve Telescope	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudar-e Ruteh (Persian: تودارروته‎, also Romanized as Tūdār-e Rūteh; also known as Tūdār-e Rūneh, Tū’ī Dartān, Tūtdār-e Rūteh, and Tu yi Dar Ruten) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tudar-e Ruteh	Kalatrazan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The prominent 14,271-foot (4350 m) fourteener is located in the Mount Evans Wilderness, 13.4 miles (21.6 km) southwest by south (bearing 214°) of the City of Idaho Springs in Clear Creek County, Colorado, United States, on the drainage divide between Arapaho National Forest and Pike National Forest.	Mount Evans	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arizona Rancho, also known as the Higgins House, Brunswick Hotel and Arizona Hotel, is a former hotel in Holbrook, Arizona.	Arizona Rancho	Holbrook
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galesh Gacheh (Persian: گالش گاچه‎, also Romanized as Gālesh Gācheh) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Galesh Gacheh	Pir Bazar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olema Valley is a gorge formed by the San Andreas Fault in rural west Marin County, Northern California.	Olema Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansfield State Historic Site is a Louisiana state historic site which preserves the site of the 1864 Battle of Mansfield in the American Civil War.	Mansfield State Historic Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barley Barber Swamp, once a vast Bald Cypress forest and waterway in the Greater Everglades watershed, is a 450-acre (180 ha) parcel of land surrounded by Florida Power & Light's (FPL) Martin County power plant.	Barley Barber Swamp	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volo Bog State Natural Area is a nature reserve in Illinois, United States, preserving Volo Bog.	Volo Bog State Natural Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viljakkala was consolidated with Ylöjärvi on January 1, 2007.	Viljakkala	Ylöjärvi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitney Pier is a Canadian urban neighbourhood in Nova Scotia's Cape Breton Regional Municipality.	Whitney Pier	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ekwari is a village in Sahar Block in the Bhojpur district and belongs to Patna division in the Indian state of Bihar.	Ekwari	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weidenau is a suburban part (Stadtteil) of the city Siegen in Germany.	Weidenau	Siegen
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Villita Historic Arts Village is an art community in downtown San Antonio, Texas, United States.	La Villita	San Antonio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Izmir Ethnography Museum (Turkish: İzmir Etnografya Müzesi) is an ethnography museum in Izmir, Turkey, containing a number of pieces of clothing and pottery from the Seljuk period of Turkish history onwards.	Izmir Ethnography Museum	İzmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 6,555-foot (1,998 m) mesa summit is located in North Table Mountain Park, 3.4 miles (5.5 km) north by east (bearing 9°) of downtown Golden, Colorado, United States, in Jefferson County.	North Table Mountain	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knockcroghery (Irish: Cnoc an Chrocaire) is a village in County Roscommon, Ireland.	Knockcroghery	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leigh-on-Sea (pronounced /ˌliːɒnˈsiː/), also referred to as Leigh, is a civil parish, in Essex, England.	Leigh-on-Sea	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guri Gur (Persian: گوريگور‎, also Romanized as Gūrī Gūr and Gūrīgūr) is a village in Makvan Rural District, Bayangan District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Guri Gur	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winton Place Methodist Episcopal Church is a historic church building in the Winton Place neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States that was constructed as the home of a congregation of the Methodist Episcopal Church in the late nineteenth century.	Winton Place Methodist Episcopal Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKND is a radio station, that operates on 1480 kHz, licensed to the city of Windsor, Connecticut.	WKND	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	666 Fifth Avenue is a 41-story office building on Fifth Avenue between 52nd and 53rd Streets in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.	666 Fifth Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasr-e Falanj (Persian: قصرفلنج‎, also Romanized as Qaşr-e Falanj; also known as Kūshk-e Palang) is a village in Rayen Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qasr-e Falanj	Rayen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karudan (Persian: كرودان‎, also Romanized as Karūdān) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Karudan	Bazman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The population today is much diminished with the whole of the Durness area suffering greatly from the Highland Clearances, the first in 1819 and thereafter throughout the greater part of the 19th century until the Crofting Act of the 1886 finally gave crofters a measure of security of tenure.	Durness	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fred Gannon Rocky Bayou State Park is a Florida State Park located on the northwestern coast of the U.S. state of Florida, southeast of Niceville.	Fred Gannon Rocky Bayou State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neoneli (Sardinian: Neunele) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northeast of Oristano.	Neoneli	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cięcina (t͡ɕenˈt͡ɕina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgierska Górka, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Cięcina	Gmina Węgierska Górka
located in the administrative territorial entity	SuccessTech Academy is an alternative public high school in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	SuccessTech Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chereninup Creek Reserve is an 8.77 square kilometres (3 sq mi) nature reserve in south-west Western Australia.	Chereninup Creek Reserve	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Catskill Mountains, also known as the Catskills, are a large area in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of New York.	Catskill Mountains	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahvarpalur (Persian: شهوارپالور‎, also Romanized as Shahvārpālūr; also known as Shahvār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shahvarpalur	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagi-ye Sarhadi (Persian: جگي سرحدئ‎, also Romanized as Jagī-ye Sarḥadi; also known as Jagī) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jagi-ye Sarhadi	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laxmikhar (Marathi: ळक्ष्मिखर) is a small village in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Laxmikhar	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogue Chitto National Wildlife Refuge is located 60 mi (97 km) northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S., and encompasses 36,000 acres (150 km2) of Pearl River Basin swampland.	Bogue Chitto National Wildlife Refuge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridgemere is a village (at SJ717454) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Bridgemere	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Overstrand is a village (population 1,030) on the north coast of Norfolk in England, two miles east of Cromer.	Overstrand	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyserth (Welsh: Diserth) is a village and electoral ward in Denbighshire, Wales.	Dyserth	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	South China Sports Complex (also known as SCAA Sports Complex, Chinese: 南華體育會體育中心) is a multi-use stadium in Hong Kong.	South China Sports Complex	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodlawn Historic and Archeological District encompasses a historic plantation near the Rappahannock River in southern King George County, Virginia.	Woodlawn Historic and Archeological District	King George County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walden Elementary School educates children from kindergarten through fifth grade in the village of the same name, and adjacent areas of the surrounding Town of Montgomery, in Orange County, New York, United States.	Walden Elementary School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Seyyed (Persian: كاني سيد‎, also Romanized as Kānī Seyyed) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Seyyed	Khvor Khvoreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kukułczyn (kuˈkuu̯t͡ʂɨn) (formerly German Neuwelt) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kukułczyn	Gmina Malechowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Proszków (ˈprɔʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Proszków	Gmina Środa Śląska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frensham is a village in Surrey, England, next to the A287 road, 13 miles (20.9 km) WSW of Guildford, the county town.	Frensham	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiryat Ono (Hebrew: קִרְיַת אוֹנוֹ, Arabic: كريات أونو‎) is a city in the Tel Aviv District of Israel.	Kiryat Ono	Tel Aviv District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWAX (91.1 FM) is a non-commercial classical music radio station in Eugene, Oregon, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area.	KWAX	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poor Mountain Natural Area Preserve is a 925-acre (374 ha) Natural Area Preserve located on Poor Mountain in Roanoke County, Virginia.	Poor Mountain Natural Area Preserve	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamson Square is in the city centre of Liverpool, England.	Williamson Square	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moseley is a suburb of south Birmingham, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) south of the city centre.	Moseley	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Tosebo, on the south shore of Portage Lake in Onekama Township, Michigan, was established in 1912 by Noble Hill, the headmaster of the Todd Seminary for Boys in Woodstock, Illinois, as one of the first summer camps in the United States.	Camp Tosebo	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murray Downtown Historic District is located in the historic city center of Murray, Salt Lake County, Utah.	Murray Downtown Historic District	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardoyne (from Irish Ard Eoin, meaning ``Eoin's height'') is a working class and mainly Catholic and Irish nationalist district in north Belfast, Northern Ireland.	Ardoyne	Belfast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boën-sur-Lignon, formerly Boën, is a commune in the Loire department in central France.	Boën-sur-Lignon	Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dast Bezanu (Persian: دستبزانو‎, also Romanized as Dast Bezānū) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dast Bezanu	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schlect House is a Shingle Style house at 5804 West Race Avenue in Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Schlect House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fox Chase Farm is one of two working farms in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (W.B. Saul High School's Farm in Roxborough is the other).	Fox Chase Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horseshoe Council Bluffs is a hotel and racino located in Council Bluffs, Iowa near Omaha, Nebraska.	Horseshoe Council Bluffs	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone Child College is an accredited tribal college of the Chippewa-Cree Tribe located in Box Elder, Montana.	Stone Child College	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat-e Khan (Persian: رباطخان‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Khān and Robāt Khān; also known as Ribāt-i-Khān) is a village in Montazeriyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Robat-e Khan	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramarajulanka is a village located in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh, India with a Ramalayam in Center of the village and a goddess Muthyalamma is located here and nearby to Chinchinada a very well constructed bridge connecting West & East Godavari districts.	Ramarajulanka	East Godavari district	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Licensed in Bolivar, Tennessee, USA, the station is currently owned by WMOD, Inc. and features programming from Westwood One.	WMOD	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gateway Geyser is a fountain located on the riverfront of the Mississippi River in the Malcolm W. Martin Memorial Park in East St. Louis, Illinois, directly across from the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri.	Gateway Geyser	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The International Temple, Supreme Assembly, Order of the Rainbow for Girls is a building in McAlester, Oklahoma, United States that serves as the headquarters for the International Order of the Rainbow for Girls.	International Temple, Supreme Assembly, Order of the Rainbow for Girls	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albeni Falls Dam is located on the Pend Oreille River between Oldtown, Idaho, and Priest River, Idaho.	Albeni Falls Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sisovatnet (Lule Sami: Sijdasjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.	Sisovatnet	Sørfold
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carrollton Manor was a 17,000 acre (69 km²) tract of land in Frederick County, Maryland which extended from the Potomac River on the south, Catoctin Mountain to the west, the Monocacy River to the east, and Ballenger Creek to the north.	Carrollton Manor	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allentown Queen City Municipal Airport (ICAO: KXLL, FAA LID: XLL) is a public airport in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, on Lehigh Street two miles southwest of Allentown, Pennsylvania.	Allentown Queen City Municipal Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chub Kani (Persian: چوبكني‎, also Romanized as Chūb Kanī; also known as Cheh Kanīm) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chub Kani	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madaje Stare (maˈdajɛ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dalików, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Madaje Stare	Gmina Dalików
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNOO (1260 AM, ``Glory 1260'') is a gospel radio station serving the Chattanooga, Tennessee, USA radio market and licensed to Chattanooga.	WNOO	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamarua is a village near Hathras and Sadabad, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Chamarua	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allstadt House and Ordinary was built about 1790 on land owned by the Lee family near Harpers Ferry, West Virginia, including Phillip Ludwell Lee, Richard Bland Lee and Henry Lee III. The house at the crossroads was sold to the Jacob Allstadt family of Berks County, Pennsylvania in 1811.	Allstadt House and Ordinary	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalbarri National Park is located 485 km (301 mi) north of Perth, in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Kalbarri National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanging Rocks are perpendicular cliffs rising nearly 300 feet (91 m) above the South Branch Potomac River in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia.	Hanging Rocks	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hołudza (xɔˈwud͡za) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiślica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Hołudza	Gmina Wiślica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John P. Robarts Research Library, commonly referred to as Robarts Library, is the main humanities and social sciences library of the University of Toronto Libraries and the largest individual library in the university.	Robarts Library	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bryand Brand House is a historic plantation house on the east side of Alabama State Route 14 near Marion, Perry County, Alabama.	Bryand Brand House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Luleå archipelago lies in the Luleå Municipality, part of the Norrbotten county.	Luleå archipelago	Luleå Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winnie Davis Hall, built in 1904, is an historic redbrick college building on the campus of Limestone College in Gaffney, South Carolina.	Winnie Davis Hall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Kalateh (Persian: حاجي كلاته‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kalāteh) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Kalateh	Katul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karti (Persian: كرتي‎, also Romanized as Kartī, Keretī, and Kerti) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Karti	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varsselder is a Dutch village with nearly 700 inhabitants, situated in the Gelderlandish Achterhoek, in the municipality Oude IJsselstreek.	Varsselder	Oude IJsselstreek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiswell is a small village and civil parish in the Ribble Valley, within the county of Lancashire, England.	Wiswell	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojny-Szuby Szlacheckie (ˈvɔi̯nɨ ˈʂubɨ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wojny-Szuby Szlacheckie	Gmina Szepietowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chicago Ridge Mall, formerly Westfield Chicago Ridge from 2004-2012, is a shopping mall in Chicago Ridge, Illinois.	Chicago Ridge Mall	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Ministro Brin y Senguel was a football stadium in La Boca district of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Estadio Ministro Brin y Senguel	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smykówko (smɨˈkufkɔ) (German: Klein Schmückwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Smykówko	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Grazioli is a building situated at Via del Plebiscito 102 between the Palazzo Doria Pamphili and Palazzo Altieri in Rome, Italy, in an area rich in archaeological remains of ancient Rome, the result of numerous modifications and restoration work carried out by several noble Roman families who lived there over the centuries.	Palazzo Grazioli	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKAR-FM is a public radio station in East Lansing, Michigan; broadcasting on the FM dial at 90.5 MHz. It is owned by Michigan State University, and is sister station to the AM radio and television stations with the same call letters.	WKAR-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridgewood Bus Terminal is a New Jersey Transit transportation hub located in downtown Ridgewood, New Jersey, United States.	Ridgewood Bus Terminal	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The El Jobean Hotel (also known as the Grand Hotel-El Jobean Fishing Lodge) is a historic hotel in El Jobean, Florida, United States.	El Jobean Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelnovo del Friuli (Friulian: Cjastelgnûf) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Pordenone.	Castelnovo del Friuli	Province of Pordenone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qezel Hajjilu (Persian: قزل حاجيلو‎, also Romanized as Qezel Ḩājjīlū) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Hajjilu	Bash Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kristelig Gymnasium (KG), founded in 1913, is a selective, private Christian college preparatory school located in Oslo, Norway.	Kristelig Gymnasium	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourtzwiller (French pronunciation: ​(buʁsvilɛʁ); German: Burzweiler; Alsatian: Burtzwiller) is the most populated quarter of Mulhouse, in the Haut-Rhin département, Alsace, France.	Bourtzwiller	Mulhouse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilpauk is a semi residential area located in Chennai, the capital city of the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Kilpauk	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Buren Trail State Park, also known as Trail State Park, is an unimproved rail trail running along a former railroad right-of-way between Hartford, Michigan to just south of South Haven, Michigan in Van Buren County.	Van Buren Trail State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capital to Coast Trail is a 55-mile (89 km) cross-state multi-use trail network that is designed to span the state of New Jersey (west to east) from the Delaware River in Trenton to the beach front town of Manasquan on the Atlantic Ocean.	Capital to Coast Trail	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mewata Stadium, was a multi-purpose stadium in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Mewata Stadium	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torrey Log Church-Schoolhouse was built in Torrey, Utah in 1898 as a LDS meetinghouse and schoolhouse.	Torrey Log Church-Schoolhouse	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laramie Regional Airport (IATA: LAR, ICAO: KLAR, FAA LID: LAR) is three miles west of Laramie, in Albany County, Wyoming.	Laramie Regional Airport	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirna (Persian: زيرنا‎, also Romanized as Zīrnā; also known as Zīrānā and Zīr Annā) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Zirna	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rameswaram, (also spelt as Ramesvaram, Rameshwaram or Ramisseram) is a town and a second grade municipality in the Ramanathapuram district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Rameswaram	Ramanathapuram district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alsfeld (German pronunciation: (ˈalsfɛlt)) is a town in the center of Hesse, in Germany.	Alsfeld	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żarnowica Duża (ʐarnɔˈvit͡sa ˈduʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żarnowica Duża	Gmina Wolbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Różaniec-Szkoła (ruˈʐaɲet͡s ˈʂkɔwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnogród, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Różaniec-Szkoła	Gmina Tarnogród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anthony Wayne Cook Mansion is a historic home located at Cooksburg in Barnett Township, Forest County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Anthony Wayne Cook Mansion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Brown Museum, also known as the John Brown State Historic Site and John Brown Cabin, is located in Osawatomie, Kansas.	John Brown Museum	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodham Walter is a village about three miles west of Maldon in the English county of Essex.	Woodham Walter	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marianów-Kolonia (maˈrjanuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Marianów-Kolonia	Gmina Kawęczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wypichowo (vɨpiˈxɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wypichowo	Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hickory Motor Speedway is a short track located in Hickory, North Carolina.	Hickory Motor Speedway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Occupy Portland was a collaboration that began on October 6, 2011 in downtown Portland, Oregon as a protest and demonstration.	Occupy Portland	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benaravan (Persian: بناروان‎, also Romanized as Benāravān; also known as Banāowrān) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Benaravan	Kandovan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brampton with Stoven is a civil parish in the Waveney district of Suffolk, England located south of the town of Beccles.	Brampton with Stoven	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kossau is a stream in the district of Plön in eastern Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Kossau	Plön
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jean-Pellez Stadium is an indoor stadium of athletics of 6 462 m2 located in the greater Clermont-Ferrand in the commune of Aubière.	Jean-Pellez Stadium	Aubière
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bush Theatre is based in Shepherd's Bush, in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.	Bush Theatre	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieś Kochanka (ˈvjɛɕ kɔˈxaŋka)is the part of Dziecinów village, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.	Wieś Kochanka	Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chocianowiec (xɔt͡ɕaˈnɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Groß Kotzenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chocianowiec	Gmina Chocianów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slato (Serbian Cyrillic: Слато) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Slato	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Center is an archaeological site in Glades County, Florida, a few miles northwest of Lake Okeechobee.	Fort Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moor House is a large office building in the City of London.	Moor House	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westgate Entertainment District, formerly known as ``Westgate City Center'' is the name of a mixed-use development located in Glendale, Arizona.	Westgate Entertainment District	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Přešťovice (German Prestowitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Strakonice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Přešťovice	Strakonice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wandalinek (vandaˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland.	Wandalinek	Gmina Boćki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village of Pleshey lies in Essex, England, just to the northwest of Chelmsford.	Pleshey	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Clayson House, located at 224 East Palatine Road in Palatine, Illinois, is a Second Empire home built in 1873 that has been restored to its 1890-1900 appearance.	George Clayson House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union League Club is a private social club in New York City.	The Union League Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwynn's Island is an island located in the Chesapeake Bay on Virginia's Middle Peninsula.	Gwynn's Island	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Art Students League of New York is an art school located on West 57th Street in Manhattan, New York City, New York.	Art Students League of New York	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amirabad, Zahedan (Persian: امیرآباد‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Amirabad, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garsak-e Bala (Persian: گرسك بالا‎, also Romanized as Garsak-e Bālā; also known as Garsag) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Garsak-e Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wollerton is a small village within the civil parish of Hodnet in Shropshire, England.	Wollerton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewis Smith Lake is a reservoir in north Alabama.	Lewis Smith Lake	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vashon Municipal Airport is a municipal airport on Vashon Island in King County, Washington, United States.	Vashon Municipal Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway is a linear urban park located in several downtown neighborhoods of Boston, Massachusetts.	Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas N. Wheeler Farm is located on Indian Lake Road (Dutchess County Route 61) in the Town of North East, New York, United States, south of the village of Millerton.	Thomas N. Wheeler Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavunji (Mannavanur Panchayat) (Tamil: கவுஞ்சி) is a Panchayat village of terrace farmers at the far western end of the Western Ghats in Kodaikanal block of Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu state, South India, Pincode 624103.	Kavunji	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairweather-Trevitt House is a Late Victorian 2-story house located in Republic, Washington.	Fairweather-Trevitt House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul-Lincke-Ufer is a street in Berlin running along the Landwehr Canal Canal in the Kreuzberg quarter of the city.	Paul-Lincke-Ufer	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawul is a Local Government Area of Borno State, Nigeria.	Hawul	Borno State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhanwar Tonk (भनवार टंक ) is a forest hamlet nestled in the of Achanakmar Amarkantak biosphere reserve area amongst the scenic Maikal Range, in Bilaspur district of Chhattisgarh, India.	Bhanwar Tonk	Chhattisgarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Man Darreh Algan (Persian: من دره الگن‎) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Man Darreh Algan	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKYO (1360 AM) is a radio station licensed to Caro, Michigan broadcasting a full-service oldies format.	WKYO	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Byzantine Catholic Seminary of SS. Cyril and Methodius is a degree-granting school of theology in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States which prepares candidates for priestly ministry to the Byzantine Catholic churches of North America.	Byzantine Catholic Seminary of SS. Cyril and Methodius	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veresht (Persian: ورشت‎) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Veresht	Lay Siyah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Exum Ridge is the name of a prominent rock buttress on the Grand Teton, the high point of the Teton Range in Wyoming.	Exum Ridge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryn Mawr Glacier is a 4.5-mile-long (7.2 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Bryn Mawr Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuwakonda is a tehsil and the development block headquarters of Dantewada district, Bastar Division, of Chhattisgarh.	Kuwakonda	Dantewada district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florkowizna (flɔrkɔˈvizna) (German: Florkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Florkowizna	Gmina Chodecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Bura (Persian: ميان بورا‎, also Romanized as Mīān Būrā) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mian Bura	Khvosh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Meleh (Persian: چهارمله‎, also Romanized as Chahār Meleh) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chahar Meleh	Zarneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omarshal (Persian: عمرشال‎‎, also Romanized as ``Omarshāl) is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 239, in 44 families.	Omarshal	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartford Botanical Garden is a botanical garden now being planned in Hartford, Connecticut.	Hartford Botanical Garden	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Former Reformed Mennonite Church is a historic Reformed Mennonite church located at Amherst, New York in Erie County, New York.	Former Reformed Mennonite Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Light Valley Tree Farm Heliport (FAA LID: 8OR8) is a private heliport located 18 miles northwest of Eagle Point in Jackson County, Oregon, United States.	Light Valley Tree Farm Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caussade is a commune in the district of Montauban, located in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in the south of France.	Caussade	Tarn-et-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pea Ridge National Military Park is a United States National Military Park located in extreme northwestern Arkansas near the Missouri border.	Pea Ridge National Military Park	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Ab-e Kojur (Persian: دواب كجور‎, also Romanized as Do Āb-e Kojūr; also known as Do Āb) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Do Ab-e Kojur	Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokoły-Jaźwiny (sɔˈkɔwɨ jaʑˈvinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sokoły-Jaźwiny	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Asiab-e Ajam (Persian: تنگ اسياب اجم‎, also Romanized as Tang Āsīāb-e Ājam; also known as Tang Āsīāb) is a village in Ajam Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang Asiab-e Ajam	Ajam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ping Yeung (Chinese: 坪洋) is a village in Ta Kwu Ling, North District, Hong Kong.	Ping Yeung	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anderson Lake State Park is a Washington state park on the Quimper Peninsula in Jefferson County.	Anderson Lake State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minam Lake is a high-elevation reservoir in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa Mountains in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Minam Lake	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The E-Z Polish Factory is a building designed by Frank Lloyd Wright and is located in Chicago, Illinois, USA.	E-Z Polish Factory	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puka-Puka Airport is an airport on Puka-Puka in French Polynesia (IATA: PKP, ICAO: NTGP).	Puka-Puka Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samatra is a small village located in the Kutch district of Gujarat state, India.	Samatra	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachal Mangan (Persian: كچل منگان‎, also Romanized as Kachal Mangān) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kachal Mangan	Zu ol Faqr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Street Church (built in 1809) in downtown Boston, Massachusetts is an active Conservative Congregational church with 2,000 in Sunday attendance and around 1,000 members at the corner of Tremont Street and Park Street.	Park Street Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mud Creek Glacier is the southernmost glacier on Mount Shasta in the U.S. state of California.	Mud Creek Glacier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Saint-François-des-Cordeliers (French: Église des Cordeliers de Nancy) is a historic church located in Nancy, France, capital city of Lorraine.	Church of Saint-François-des-Cordeliers	Nancy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Afshan (Persian: بادافشان‎, also Romanized as Bād Afshān; also known as Bād Fashān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bad Afshan	Tudeshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granite Stake Tabernacle is a tabernacle of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Sugar House District of Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.	Granite Stake Tabernacle	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escape from Madagascar is a suspended family roller coaster at Dreamworld on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Escape from Madagascar	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patuxai (Lao: ປະຕູໄຊ, literally meaning Victory Gate or Gate of Triumph, formerly the Anousavary or Anosavari Monument, known by the French as Monument Aux Morts) is a war monument in the centre of Vientiane, Laos, which was built between 1957 and 1968.	Patuxai	Vientiane
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuart Hall School in Staunton, Virginia was founded by the Episcopal church as the Virginia Female Institute in 1844.	Stuart Hall School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Francisco Conservatory of Music (SFCM) is a music school with an enrollment of about 400 students, located at 50 Oak Street, San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Conservatory of Music	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łąkta (ˈwɔnkta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Łąkta	Gmina Rawicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runów (ˈrunuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Runów	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sea Palling is a village and a civil parish covering 11.05 km2 (4.27 sq mi) in the English county of Norfolk.	Sea Palling	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Dąbrówka (ˈstara dɔmˈbrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stara Dąbrówka	Gmina Skórzec
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKGE-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 94.9 FM to Toronto, Ontario.	CKGE-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łososiowice (wɔsɔɕɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Losswitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łososiowice	Gmina Wołów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Natmauk Township (Burmese: နတ်မောတ် မြို့နယ်) is a township of Magway District in the Magway Division of Myanmar.	Natmauk Township	Magway District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broome International Airport (IATA: BME, ICAO: YBRM) is a regional airport located 0.4 nautical miles (0.74 km; 0.46 mi) west of the Broome GPO, Western Australia.	Broome International Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capella Island is a 230-acre (0.93 km²) uninhabited island that is owned by the United States Virgin Islands.	Capella Island	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avan Sar (Persian: اوانسر‎, also Romanized as Āvān Sar; also known as Amvey) is a village in Jushin Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Avan Sar	Jushin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartman Creek State Park is a 1,417-acre (573 ha) Wisconsin state park near Waupaca.	Hartman Creek State Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viyand-e Kalkhvoran (Persian: ويندكلخوران‎, also Romanized as Vīyand-e Kalkhvorān, Vīānd-e Kalkhūrān, Vīyand-e Kalkhowrān, and Vīyand-e Kalkhūrān) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Viyand-e Kalkhvoran	Central District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mianów (ˈmjanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mianów	Gmina Lutomiersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graemsay is an island in the western approaches to Scapa Flow, in the Orkney Islands of Scotland.	Graemsay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glover Park is a neighborhood in northwest Washington, D.C., about a half mile north of Georgetown and just west of the United States Naval Observatory and Number One Observatory Circle (the Vice President's mansion).	Glover Park	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Peck Indian Reservation is near Fort Peck, Montana.	Fort Peck Indian Reservation	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Rock Park is a park in the city of New Haven and the town of Hamden, Connecticut that is operated as a New Haven city park.	East Rock Park	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agua Sal Creek is a stream located in the Chinle Valley of Apache County, Arizona.	Agua Sal Creek	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brushy Mountain Apple Festival is a one-day arts and crafts fair held annually in downtown North Wilkesboro, North Carolina.	Brushy Mountain Apple Festival	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deming School, also known as the Deming Elementary School, located at 715 W. Fifth Ave. in Cheyenne, Wyoming, was built in 1945.	Deming School	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chewacla State Park is a publicly owned recreation area in Auburn, Lee County, Alabama, occupying 696 acres (282 ha) to the south of Interstate 85.	Chewacla State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lashgar Kuh (Persian: لشگركوه‎, also Romanized as Lashgar Kūh; also known as Lākūh and Lā Kūheh) is a village in Hombarat Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Lashgar Kuh	Hombarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malsaidi-ye Sofla (Persian: مال سيدي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mālsa``īdī-ye Soflá) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 13 families.	Malsaidi-ye Sofla	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mounts Botanical Garden is a botanical garden located in West Palm Beach, Florida.	Mounts Botanical Garden	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conakry (Sosso: Kɔnakiri) is the capital and largest city of Guinea.	Conakry	Guinea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwestern Assemblies of God University (SAGU) is a private Christian university located in Waxahachie, Texas in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex, United States.	Southwestern Assemblies of God University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Harrow is south-west of Harrow-on-the-Hill in the London Borough of Harrow and its development originally spread south and west from the hamlet of Roxeth as a result of urbanization and easier access from Central London by rail.	South Harrow	London Borough of Harrow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoffman Building was located in downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Hoffman Building	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divine Child High School is a parish Catholic high school in Dearborn, Wayne County, Michigan, United States.	Divine Child High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richland College is a community college that is part of the Dallas County Community College District and is located in the Lake Highlands area of Dallas, Texas (USA) near the border with Richardson and Garland.	Richland College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Par (Persian: دره پر‎, also known as Darreh Bar) is a village in Masabi Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darreh Par	Masabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muzeum Těšínska (Polish: Muzeum Ziemi Cieszyńskiej), (Museum of Cieszyn Silesia) is a regional museum in Český Těšín, Czech Republic.	Muzeum Těšínska	Český Těšín
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zagheh Rural District (Persian: دهستان زاغه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zagheh Rural District	Zagheh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Dusti (Persian: قلعه دوستي‎‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Dūstī) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Qaleh-ye Dusti	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lett Hotel at 204 S. Ash in Yuma, Colorado, now known as the Tumbleweed Hotel, is a historic building, built in 1916, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Lett Hotel	Yuma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of San Antonio was a Methodist institution of higher education located in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	University of San Antonio	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Wyoming is a land-grant university located in Laramie, Wyoming, situated on Wyoming's high Laramie Plains, at an elevation of 7,220 feet (2194 m), between the Laramie and Snowy Range mountains.	University of Wyoming	Laramie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laghar Zehi (Persian: لاغرزهي‎, also Romanized as Lāghar Zehī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Laghar Zehi	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arizona Game and Fish Department stocks River Reservoir with fingerling rainbow trout in the spring and catchable-sized rainbow trout in the spring and summer.	River Reservoir	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolesławice-Kolonia (bɔlɛswaˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bolesławice-Kolonia	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herkimer County Trust Company Building is a historic bank building located at Little Falls, New York in Herkimer County, New York.	Herkimer County Trust Company Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takhtan (Persian: تختان‎, also Romanized as Takhtān; also known as Āb Takhtān) is a village in Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District, Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Takhtan	Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Ross (Irish: Ros Mhic Thriúin, formerly Ros Mhic Treoin) is a town in southwest County Wexford, Ireland.	New Ross	County Wexford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takht-e Zal (Persian: تخت زال‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Zāl) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Zal	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Hesket is a village near the A6 road, in the parish of Hesket, in the Eden district, in the English county of Cumbria.	High Hesket	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lampang Luang (Thai: ลำปางหลวง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ko Kha District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 9965 people.	Lampang Luang	Ko Kha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borough of Basildon is a local government district in south Essex in the East of England, centred on the town of Basildon.	Borough of Basildon	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samuel Elmore Cannery was a U.S. National Historic Landmark in Astoria, Oregon that was designated in 1966 but was delisted in 1993.	Samuel Elmore Cannery	Astoria, Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vallila (Swedish: Vallgård) is a neighbourhood in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.	Vallila	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sefid Bala (Persian: سفيدبالا‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Bālā; also known as Sefīd Bālā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Taybad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sefid Bala	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matraville Sports High School, (abbreviation MSHS) is a school located in Chifley, New South Wales, Australia, on Anzac Parade.	Matraville Sports High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sky View High School (SVHS), in Smithfield, Utah, is the northernmost public high school in the state of Utah.	Sky View High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rocori High School shooting was a school shooting that occurred at Rocori High School on September 24, 2003 in Cold Spring, Minnesota, United States.	Rocori High School shooting	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potter's Pass, is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, near East London.	Potter's Pass	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębrznik (ˈdɛmbʐnik) (German: Krausendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamienna Góra, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dębrznik	Gmina Kamienna Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kattimedu is a small village situated in Tiruvarur district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Kattimedu	Tiruvarur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pong Noi (Thai: ปงน้อย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Doi Luang District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Pong Noi	Doi Luang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogate (bɔˈɡatɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bogate	Gmina Przasnysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ďolíček Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Prague district Vršovice, Czech Republic.	Ďolíček	Vršovice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowlu (Persian: نولو‎, also Romanized as Nowlū; also known as Asam ʿAlī Kandī) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Nowlu	Angut-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beverly Hills Supper Club fire in Southgate, Kentucky, is the third deadliest nightclub fire in U.S. history.	Beverly Hills Supper Club fire	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armedlu-ye Sofla (Persian: ارمدلوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Ārmedlū-ye Soflá; also known as Ārmatlū and Ārmedlū-ye Qadīm) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Armedlu-ye Sofla	Vargahan Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unibórz (uˈnibuʂ) (German Tonnebuhr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Unibórz	Gmina Golczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Sugarloaf Key is the lower arm of an island known as Sugarloaf Key in the lower Florida Keys about 13 miles east of Key West.	Lower Sugarloaf Key	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Hallaj (Persian: علي حلاج‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Ḩallāj) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Ali Hallaj	Shahidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wszemierzyce (fʂɛmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wszemierzyce	Gmina Siemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzelnia (ˈstʂɛlɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strzelnia	Gmina Grudusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wałdowice (vau̯dɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubniewice, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wałdowice	Gmina Lubniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghlujeh-ye Sardar (Persian: باغلوجه سردار‎, also Romanized as Bāghlūjeh-ye Sardār and Bāghlūjeh Sardār; also known as Bāghlūjah and Bagludzhakh) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Baghlujeh-ye Sardar	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tinnhølen or Tinnhylen is a lake in Norway that lies in the municipality of Eidfjord in Hordaland county and a very small part crosses into the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county.	Tinnhølen	Eidfjord	Nore og Uvdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peery's Egyptian Theater is a movie palace located at 2439 Washington Blvd., in Ogden, Utah in the United States of America.	Peery's Egyptian Theater	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralph McKinzie Field is a baseball venue in DeKalb, Illinois, United States.	Ralph McKinzie Field	DeKalb
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Makamah Park Preserve is approximately 140 acres in the east watershed area of crab meadow park on the north shore of Long Island, New York.	Makamah Park Preserve	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodovia Brigadeiro Faria Lima (official designation SP-326) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Rodovia Brigadeiro Faria Lima	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKFT-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 107.9 FM in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, Canada with an adult contemporary format branded as Mix 107.9 FM.	CKFT-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panjanathikottai is a village in the Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Panjanathikottai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matadi is the chief sea port of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the capital of the Bas-Congo province.	Matadi	Bas-Congo province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kardef (Persian: كردف‎) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kardef	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daughters of Mary Help of Christians Siu Ming Catholic Secondary School (天主教母佑會蕭明中學), founded in 1973, is a girls' secondary school in Kwai Chung, Hong Kong.	Daughters of Mary Help of Christians Siu Ming Catholic Secondary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The America Street School was an historic school at 22 America Street in Providence, Rhode Island.	America Street School	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devastator Peak, also known as The Devastator, is the lowest and southernmost of the six subsidiary peaks that form the Mount Meager massif in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Devastator Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdiyeh (Persian: عبديه‎, also Romanized as ʿAbdīyeh) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abdiyeh	Sarvelayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siwki (ˈɕifki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Siwki	Gmina Grabowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Providence Hall Charter School is an elementary school located in Herriman, Utah.	Providence Hall Charter School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowery Bay is a bay off the East River in the New York City.	Bowery Bay	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roure is a commune located in the department of Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.	Roure	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Vilbel is a spa town in Hesse, Germany, famous for its many mineral water springs.	Bad Vilbel	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ken Lockwood Gorge is between Califon and High Bridge in Hunterdon County, New Jersey.	Ken Lockwood Gorge	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mushanga (Persian: موشنگا‎, also Romanized as Mūshangā; also known as Mūshangā Bālā and Mūshankā) is a village in Saravan Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mushanga	Saravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brampford Speke (/ˈbræmfərdzbiːk/ BRAM-fərdz-beek) is a small village in Devon, 4 miles to the north of Exeter.	Brampford Speke	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trumpbour Homestead Farm is a National Register of Historic Places listing located in Saugerties, New York.	Trumpbour Homestead Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond Municipal Airport (IATA: RID, ICAO: KRID, FAA LID: RID) is six miles southeast of Richmond, in Wayne County, Indiana.	Richmond Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Bolurian (Persian: باغ بلوريان‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bolūrīān) is a village in Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Bolurian	Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIOT (102.5 FM, ``Coyote 102.5'') is an American radio station licensed to Los Lunas, New Mexico, and serving the Albuquerque and Santa Fe radio markets broadcasting a mainstream rock format with music from the late 1960s through the early 2000s.	KIOT	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral of Saint Helena is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Helena, Montana.	Cathedral of Saint Helena	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marine Museum at Fall River in Fall River, Massachusetts is a historical and nautical museum with memorabilia, artifacts, and ship models of the Fall River Line and RMS Titanic.	Marine Museum at Fall River	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leighland Christian School is an independent, co-educational, non-denominational Christian School, situated in Tasmania, Australia.	Leighland Christian School	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ras-e Sharqi (Persian: راس شرقي‎, also Romanized as Ra's-e Sharqī) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ras-e Sharqi	Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak ol Mohammad (Persian: شهرك ال محمد‎, also Romanized as Shahrak ol Moḩammad) is a village in Harm Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak ol Mohammad	Harm Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aiken Technical College is one of the 16 colleges in the South Carolina Technical College System and has been serving the community for more than 40 years.	Aiken Technical College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chicago Executive Airport (IATA: PWK, ICAO: KPWK, FAA LID: PWK), formerly Palwaukee Municipal Airport, is a public airport 18 miles (33 km) northwest of Chicago, in the village of Wheeling in Cook County, Illinois.	Chicago Executive Airport	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jardin Musée de Limeuil, also known as the Jardin ethnobotanique de Limeuil, is botanical garden located in Limeuil, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.	Jardin Musée de Limeuil	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whipple-Cullen House and Barn is an historic farmstead on Old River Road in Lincoln, Rhode Island.	Whipple-Cullen House and Barn	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carrabassett River, a tributary of the Kennebec River, is located in Franklin County and Somerset County, Maine, in the United States.	Carrabassett River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Earlham School of Religion (ESR), a graduate division of Earlham College, located in Richmond, Indiana, is the oldest graduate seminary associated with the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers).	Earlham School of Religion	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John J. Glessner House, operated as the Glessner House Museum, is an important 19th-century residence located at 1800 S. Prairie Avenue, Chicago, Illinois.	John J. Glessner House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Ashtareza (Persian: چشمه اشترزا‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Āshtarezā) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Ashtareza	Dokuheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinabang is the administrative seat (capital) of the Simeulue Regency, in Aceh Province of Indonesia and has a population of approximately 20,000.	Sinabang	Simeulue Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Glen Store and Post Office is a late 19th-century home located in Potomac, Maryland.	Glen Store and Post Office	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkmaar (ˈɑl(ə)kmaːr) is a municipality and a city in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Alkmaar	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iguape is a municipality located into the Ribeira Valley in the southern portion of the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Iguape	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzapur district (Hindi: मिर्ज़ापुर ज़िला, Urdu: مرزا پور ضلع‎) is one of the 70 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.	Mirzapur district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snag Lake is a lake located in the north eastern part of Lassen Volcanic National Park in California.	Snag Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armeniș (Hungarian: Örményes) is a commune in Caraș-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 2,718 people.	Armeniș	Caraș-Severin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Copper Harbor Cemetery is a cemetery located on US 41 west of M-26 in Copper Harbor, Michigan.	Copper Harbor Cemetery	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallkill River, a tributary of the Hudson, drains Lake Mohawk in Sparta, New Jersey, flowing from there generally northeasterly 88.3 miles (142.1 km) to Rondout Creek in New York, just downstream of Sturgeon Pool, near Rosendale, with the combined flows reaching the Hudson at Kingston.	Wallkill River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laksar is a town and a panchayat in Haridwar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand.	Laksar	Haridwar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kami-Kazi Airport (FAA LID: 5TA7) is a heliport located in unincorporated Galveston County, Texas, United States.	Kami-Kazi Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biramsar (बिरमसर) is a village in Ratangarh tehsil of Churu district of Rajasthan, India.	Biramsar	Churu district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udvada is a town in Gujarat, renowned for its Zoroastrian Atash Behram.	Udvada	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summer Chapel Rectory, Prince Frederick's Episcopal Church is a historic rectory associated with Prince Frederick's Episcopal Church on CR 52 near Plantersville, Georgetown County, South Carolina.	Summer Chapel Rectory, Prince Frederick's Episcopal Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casalbeltrame is a comune (municipality) located in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 70 km (43 mi) northeast of Turin and about 12 kilometres (7 miles) west of Novara.	Casalbeltrame	Province of Novara
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chapel + Cultural Center at Rensselaer is an architecturally unique, multipurpose performing arts and spiritual space in Troy, New York, owned and operated by the Rensselaer Newman Foundation (RNF).	Chapel + Cultural Center at Rensselaer	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miniewicze (miɲɛˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Miniewicze	Gmina Zabłudów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samuel H. Wang Yeshiva University High School for Girls (YUHSG, also known as ``Central'') offers college preparatory curricula and Jewish studies programs leading to an academic diploma endorsed by the New York State Board of Regents and the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools.	Yeshiva University High School for Girls	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the Imatong Mountains in Ikotos county of Eastern Equatoria state, near the Ugandan border, Kinyeti has an elevation of 3,187 metres (10,456 ft) above sea level.	Kinyeti	Eastern Equatoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biłgoraje (biu̯ɡɔˈrajɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Biłgoraje	Gmina Ostrów Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Quincan is a volcanic mountain near Yungaburra on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Mount Quincan	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tacoma Ice Palace was an indoor arena in Tacoma, Washington at 3801 S. Union Avenue.	Tacoma Ice Palace	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Byfleet is a village in Surrey which grew up around its relatively minor stop on the London & South Western Railway: the station, originally Byfleet and Woodham, opened in 1887.	West Byfleet	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baldons is a civil parish in the South Oxfordshire district about 5 miles (8 km) southeast of Oxford, Oxfordshire.	Baldons	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dryden Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJD8), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south of Dryden, Ontario, Canada.	Dryden Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanque Verde Falls are a series of waterfalls in Tanque Verde Canyon east of Tanque Verde, Arizona and Tucson, Arizona.	Tanque Verde Falls	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laskownica Wielka (laskɔvˈnit͡sa ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Laskownica Wielka	Gmina Gołańcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puskan (Persian: پوسكان‎, also Romanized as Pūskān; also known as Pāras Kān, Parskān, Pārskhān, Postkān, Pūsgān, Pūshkān, and Pūstgān) is a village in Dadin Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Puskan	Dadin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bickenhall is a hamlet and parish in Somerset, England, situated 5 miles (8.0 km) south east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Bickenhall	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wynn Las Vegas, often simply referred to as Wynn, is a luxury resort and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.	Wynn Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esfandaran (Persian: اسفنداران‎, also Romanized as Esfandārān; also known as Esfandān and Isfandūn) is a village in Ramsheh Rural District, Jarqavieh Olya District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Esfandaran	Ramsheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stratobowl is a compact natural depression within the limits of Black Hills National Forest in South Dakota, south-west of Rapid City.	Stratobowl	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otopeni (Romanian pronunciation: (otoˈpenʲ)) is a town in Ilfov County, Romania, some 15 km (9.3 mi) north of Bucharest along the road to Ploiești.	Otopeni	Ilfov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torra di San Vincenzu or Torra di Pianosa is a Genoese tower in Corsica, located in the commune of Occhiatana (Haute-Corse).	Torra di San Vincenzu	Occhiatana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willenhall is a medium-sized town in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall, in the West Midlands, England, with a population taken at the 2011 census of 28,480.	Willenhall	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torazu (Spanish: Torazo) is one of six parishes (administrative divisions) in Cabranes, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Torazu	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tandanya National Aboriginal Cultural Institute, usually referred to simply as Tandanya, is an art museum located on Grenfell Street in Adelaide, South Australia.	Tandanya National Aboriginal Cultural Institute	Grenfell Street
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharvineh Rural District (Persian: دهستان شروينه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sharvineh Rural District	Kalashi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silvar (Persian: سيلوار‎, also Romanized as Sīlvār) is a village in Abaru Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Silvar	Abaru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lone Mesa State Park is a closed-access state park in Colorado.	Lone Mesa State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Donald Roebling Estate (also known as the Spotswood or Spottiswoode or Spottiswoode) is a historic site in Clearwater, Florida.	Donald Roebling Estate	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour du Guet is a 13th-century watchtower in Calais, Pas-de-Calais, northern France.	Tour du Guet	Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarehi (Persian: قره آيي‎, also Romanized as Qareh’ī; also known as Qarā’ī) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qarehi	Qaleh Juq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Panguiyeh (Persian: اب پنگويئه‎, also Romanized as Āb Pangū’īyeh, Ab Pangooeyeh, Ābpangū’īyeh, and Āb Pangūyeh; also known as Opāng) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Panguiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Exchange Hall is a historic Italianate style hall on Quimby Square, at the intersection of Main and School Streets in the village of South Acton, in Acton, Massachusetts.	Exchange Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Toiyabe Range is a mountain range in Lander and Nye counties, Nevada, United States.	Toiyabe Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulihe (simplified Chinese: 图里河; traditional Chinese: 圖裡河; pinyin: Túlǐhé) is a town under the administration of Yakeshi City in far northeastern Inner Mongolia, China, located 150 kilometres (93 mi) northeast of Yakeshi and 35 km (22 mi) south-southeast of Genhe.	Tulihe	Yakeshi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jhilimili is a tourist centre in Khatra subdivision of Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Jhilimili	Bankura district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boguty-Leśne (bɔˈɡutɨ ˈlɛɕnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Boguty-Leśne	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesah-ye Mohammad Taher (Persian: نسه محمدطاهر‎, also Romanized as Nesah-ye Moḩammad Ţāher) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Nesah-ye Mohammad Taher	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aisne (French pronunciation: ​(ɛːn)) is a French department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie region of northern France.	Aisne	Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Largheh-ye Sofla (Persian: لرغه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Largheh-ye Soflá) is a village in Murmuri Rural District, Kalat District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Largheh-ye Sofla	Murmuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Guarantee Building or London Guaranty & Accident Building, formerly known as the Stone Container Building, is a historic building located in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois.	London Guarantee Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sogotlu (Persian: سگتلو‎, also Romanized as Sogotlū; also known as Sūchīdlū) is a village in Dizaj Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sogotlu	Dizaj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Parszczenica (ˈnɔva parʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Parszczenica	Gmina Konarzyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knybawa (knɨˈbava) (German: Kniebau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Knybawa	Gmina Tczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derwenlas is a hamlet in northern Powys, Wales.	Derwenlas	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Königsberg Castle (German: Königsberger Schloss, Russian: Кёнигсбергский замок) was a castle in Königsberg, Germany (since 1946 Kaliningrad, Russia), and was one of the landmarks of the East Prussian capital Königsberg.	Königsberg Castle	Kaliningrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mackay Estate Gate Lodge is a historic gatehouse located at East Hills in Nassau County, New York.	Mackay Estate Gate Lodge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doune (/duːn/; Gaelic: An Dùn, 'the fort') is a burgh in the district of Stirling, Scotland.	Doune	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Breeze Farm, also known as Barrett Farm, is located in the Highland Lakes section of Vernon Township, in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.	High Breeze Farm	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaghd (Persian: جغد‎) is a village in Armand Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Jaghd	Armand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Branch Fishing Creek is one of the northernmost major tributaries of Fishing Creek in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania and Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	West Branch Fishing Creek	Sullivan County	Columbia County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amherst-Pelham Regional School District (ARPS) is a school district in Massachusetts which includes the towns of Amherst, Pelham, Leverett, and Shutesbury, though the elementary schools of the latter two towns are not part of the district.	Amherst-Pelham Regional School District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roman villa of Can Llauder is a Roman site near Mataró, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Roman villa of Can Llauder	Mataró
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Elías Figueroa Brander (Spanish pronunciation: (eˈli.as fiɣeˈɾoa)), formerly known as Estadio Regional Chiledeportes and Estadio Municipal de Valparaíso, is a multi-purpose stadium in Valparaíso, Chile.	Estadio Elías Figueroa Brander	Valparaíso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lacona Railroad Station and Depot, also known as New York Central and Hudson River Railroad Station and Depot, is a historic railway depot located at Lacona in Oswego County, New York.	Lacona Railroad Station and Depot	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Wytycka (ˈvulka vɨˈtɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Urszulin, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Wytycka	Gmina Urszulin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manassas Gap is a wind gap of the Blue Ridge Mountains on the border of Fauquier County and Warren County in Virginia.	Manassas Gap	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazer Sang (Persian: گازرسنگ‎, also Romanized as Gāzer Sang; also known as Qāder Sang and Qādirsang) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Gazer Sang	Ahmadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Philpots Island is a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut.	Philpots Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arlington Street Church is a Unitarian Universalist church across from the Public Garden in Boston, Massachusetts.	Arlington Street Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowgerd (Persian: لوگرد‎; also known as Labgerd) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Lowgerd	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Kelan (Persian: پشت كلان‎, also Romanized as Posht Kelān; also known as Bāsh Gelān and Peshtgelān) is a village in Horr Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Posht Kelan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Lakes Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide.	Three Lakes Ridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panbonyang is a village located in the Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.	Panbonyang	Bhamo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balchladich (Scottish Gaelic: Baile a' Chladaich) is a remote township in the Assynt district of Sutherland, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Balchladich	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greater Hood Memorial AME Zion Church was the first African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, in Harlem, New York.	Greater Hood Memorial AME Zion Church	Harlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mrs. Graham Fair Vanderbilt House, also known as the Lycée français de New York, is located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City.	Mrs. Graham Fair Vanderbilt House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghumli is a village located 35 km from Porbandar, at foothills of Barda, in Jamnagar district of Gujarat, India.	Ghumli	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nur-e Sofla (Persian: نورسفلي‎, also Romanized as Nūr-e Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nur-e Sofla	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennett Creek or Bennett's Creek is a 7.3-mile-long (11.7 km) tributary of the Nansemond River in Suffolk, Virginia.	Bennett Creek	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJAN (1220 AM) is a commercial radio station serving the Atlantic, Iowa area.	KJAN	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gare de Balagny-Saint-Épin (Balagny-Saint-Épin station) is a railway station located in the commune of Balagny-sur-Thérain in the Oise department, France, it is also located near the settlement of Saint-Épin in the commune of Bury.	Gare de Balagny-Saint-Épin	Balagny-sur-Thérain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakes Oval (known prior to 1957 as the Recreation Ground) is a cricket ground in Lismore, New South Wales, Australia.	Oakes Oval	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peter Tavy is a village 3 miles along the A386, North-East of Tavistock, Devon, England; it is named after the River Tavy.	Peter Tavy	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parsheh (Persian: پرشه‎) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Parsheh	Nameh Shir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klopp Castle (German: Burg Klopp) is a castle in the town of Bingen am Rhein in the Upper Middle Rhine Valley in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Klopp Castle	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Waubesa is one of the four lakes in Madison, Wisconsin.	Lake Waubesa	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbishop Moeller High School /ˈmoʊlər/, known as Moeller, is a private, all-male, college-preparatory high school in the suburbs of Cincinnati, in Hamilton County, Ohio.	Moeller High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wayne State College is a four-year public college in the Nebraska State College System in Wayne, Nebraska, United States.	Wayne State College	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klęka (ˈklɛnka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Klęka	Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wartą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fellowship Church (FC) is an evangelical Christian megachurch located in Grapevine, Texas, a suburb of Fort Worth, that is affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention.	Fellowship Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Martin Marmon House is a historic house near the village of Zanesfield in Jefferson Township, Logan County, Ohio, United States.	Martin Marmon House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piney Creek Wilderness is an 8,122-acre (33 km2) wilderness area in Missouri.	Piney Creek Wilderness	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frank and Mary Smith House is a historic home located at 2935 John Adams Road in Willow Spring, Wake County, North Carolina, a suburb of Raleigh.	Frank and Mary Smith House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Maumelle is a man-made lake in central Arkansas, United States, in Pulaski County, and covers 8,900 acres.	Lake Maumelle	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peebles, Wisconsin (pronounced like ``Pebbles'') is an unincorporated community in the Town of Taycheedah in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin.	Peebles, Wisconsin	Fond du Lac County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlotho (ˈfloːto) is a town in the district of Herford, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Vlotho	Herford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Slate Creek Bridge is a riveted steel Parker pony truss bridge spanning the Blue River 9 miles (14.5 km) north of Silverthorne, Colorado.	Slate Creek Bridge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Baluchi (Persian: باب بلوچي‎, also Romanized as Bāb Balūchī; also known as Bāb ol Balūchī and Bābolūjī) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Baluchi	Toghrol Al Jerd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maryniów (maˈrɨɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Maryniów	Gmina Milejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fornace (German: Braunstein) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Trento.	Fornace	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Târgu Neamț (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌtɨrɡu ˈne̯amt͡s); German: Niamtz, Hungarian: Németvásár, Hebrew: נאמץ טרגו‎, Latin: Ante Castrum Nempch) is a town in Neamț County, Romania, on the Neamț River.	Târgu Neamț	Neamț County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samen Rural District (Persian: دهستان سامن‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Samen Rural District	Samen District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donbal Deh (Persian: دنبالده‎, also Romanized as Donbāl Deh; also known as Donbāleh Deh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District, Khorgam District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Donbal Deh	Khorgam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grünwinkel is a borough in the southwest of Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, in the southwest of Germany.	Grünwinkel	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keyano College is a post-secondary college located in Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada.	Keyano College	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ejin Horo Banner or Ejin Horo Qi (Ejin Qoroɣ-a qosiɣu; Chinese: 伊金霍洛旗; pinyin: Yījīn Huòluò Qí, Mongolian: ᠡᠵᠢᠨ ᠬᠣᠷᠣᠭ᠎ᠠ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ) is a banner under the administration of Ordos City, in southwestern Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, China, bordering Shaanxi to the southeast.	Ejin Horo Banner	Ordos City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łazy-Dąbrowa (ˈwazɨ dɔmˈbrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulejów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łazy-Dąbrowa	Gmina Sulejów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornlie Senior High School is a Public high school in Western Australia.	Thornlie Senior High School	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Begesi (Persian: بگسي‎, also Romanized as Begesī) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Begesi	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Hajjilu (Persian: قره حاجيلو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Ḩājjīlū and Qareh Ḩājjīlū; also known as Qara Hāji, Qarah Ḩājīlū, and Qareh Ḩājjlū) is a village in Qaflankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Hajjilu	Qaflankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalaman is a district, as well as the central town of that district, situated on the southwestern coast of Turkey, in the Muğla Province.	Dalaman	Muğla Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langinkoski Church (Finnish: Langinkosken kirkko), is one of five Kymenlaakso-region Lutheran churches in Finland's Kotka-Kymi parish union.	Langinkoski Church	Kotka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilson-Lenox House, also known as the ``Marvin Ditmer House,'' is a historic house west of Sidney in Washington Township, Shelby County, Ohio, United States.	Wilson-Lenox House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Tappeh-ye Sheykh (Persian: قره تپه شيخ‎) is a village in Tamran Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qareh Tappeh-ye Sheykh	Tamran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zafferana Etnea (Sicilian: Zafarana) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about 160 kilometres (99 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Catania.	Zafferana Etnea	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkersum (Fering: Aalkersem, Danish: Alkersum) is a municipality in the Nordfriesland district, in Schleswig-Holstein, northern Germany.	Alkersum	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaseh Tarash (Persian: خاصه تراش‎, also Romanized as Khāşeh Tarāsh; also known as Khavāş Tarāsh) is a village in Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Khaseh Tarash	Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luss (Lus, 'herb' in Gaelic) is a village in Argyll & Bute, Scotland, on the west bank of Loch Lomond.	Luss	Argyll & Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	McIntyre Grove is a sequoia grove in southern California and is part of the Belknap complex along with Wheel Meadow Grove and the smaller, compact Carr Wilson, or Bear Creek Grove.	McIntyre Grove	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jafa Kandeh (Persian: جفاكنده‎‎, also Romanized as Jafā Kandeh) is a village in Banafsh Tappeh Rural District, Now Kandeh District, Bandar-e Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Jafa Kandeh	Banafsh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm Bit-e Bala (Persian: گرم بيت بالا‎, also Romanized as Garm Bīt-e Bālā) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Garm Bit-e Bala	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandar-e Sheykh (Persian: كندرشيخ‎) is a village in Sigar Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kandar-e Sheykh	Sigar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Page Field (IATA: FMY, ICAO: KFMY, FAA LID: FMY) is a public airport three miles south of Fort Myers, in Lee County, Florida.	Page Field	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kupowo-Folwark (kuˈpɔvɔ ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Kupowo-Folwark	Gmina Szypliszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1999 Tychy has been located within the Silesian Voivodeship, a province consisting of 71 regional towns and cities.	Tychy	Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Pillsbury is an artificial lake in the Mendocino National Forest of Lake County, California, created from the waters impounded from the Eel River by Scott Dam.	Lake Pillsbury	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	CBe-learn is a public junior high and high school located in the City of Calgary, Alberta, Canada The school falls under the jurisdiction of the Calgary Board of Education.	CBe-learn	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metaxata (Greek: Μεταξάτα) is a village in the southern part of the island of Kefalonia, Greece.	Metaxata	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WVKR-FM (Independent Radio) is a college radio station owned by, and primarily staffed by students of, Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York.	WVKR-FM	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izeh County (Persian: شهرستان ایذه‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Izeh County	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahaica-Berbice (Region 5) is a region of Guyana, bordering the Atlantic Ocean to the north, the region of East Berbice-Corentyne to the east, the region of Upper Demerara-Berbice to the south and the region of Demerara-Mahaica to the west.	Mahaica-Berbice	Guyana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cannstatter Wasen is a 35 hectare festival area on the banks of the Neckar river in the part of Stuttgart known as Bad Cannstatt.	Cannstatter Wasen	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nut Tree Airport (ICAO: KVCB, FAA LID: VCB, formerly O45) is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of the central business district of Vacaville, in Solano County, California, United States.	Nut Tree Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croviana (German: Korfelan or Karfenian, in local dialect: Croviànå) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Trento.	Croviana	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chapel of the Three Kings of Cologne (grid reference ST586731) is a church in Colston Street, near the top of Christmas Steps, Bristol, England.	Chapel of the Three Kings of Cologne	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Tour de la Bourse (English: Stock Exchange Tower) is a 48-storey skyscraper in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Tour de la Bourse	Montreal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacew (ˈpat͡sɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pacew	Gmina Promna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The EcoTarium is a science and nature museum located in Worcester, Massachusetts.	EcoTarium	Worcester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanjoldar (Persian: سنجلدر‎) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sanjoldar	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdedy (ˈzdɛdɨ) (German: Sdeden (1938-45:Stettenbruch)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zdedy	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinning County (Chinese: 晋宁县; pinyin: Jìnníng Xiàn) is a county, under the jurisdiction of Kunming, Yunnan, China.	Jinning County	Kunming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kontrashibuna Lake is a large lake in southwestern Alaska.	Kontrashibuna Lake	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merriott is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, near the town of Crewkerne and 7 miles (11.3 km) west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Merriott	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Falkirk Steeple is a landmark which dominates the skyline of Falkirk in central Scotland.	Falkirk Steeple	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Curwood, elevation 1,978 feet (603 m), in L'Anse Township, Baraga County is the second highest point in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Mount Curwood	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Hack Lift is a lift bridge carrying the New Jersey Transit Main Line across the Hackensack River at mile 6.9 between Secaucus, New Jersey and Lyndhurst.	Upper Hack Lift	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitt Meadows is a city in southwestern British Columbia, Canada and a member municipality in Metro Vancouver.	Pitt Meadows	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great All American Youth Circus, also known as The Great Y Circus, is billed as the oldest community circus in the world and is located in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Great Y Circus	San Bernardino County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mud Island Shoal is a small island in the Delaware River in Bensalem Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, just before the confluence with Rancocas Creek.	Mud Island Shoal	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcumeggia (Arcümégia in local dialect) is a fraction of the municipality of Casalzuigno in the province of Varese, in Italy.	Arcumeggia	Casalzuigno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najneh-ye Sofla (Persian: نجنه سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Najneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Najneh-ye Sofla	Nameh Shir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckinghorse River Wayside Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located on the Alaska Highway (Highway 97), approximately 175 km northwest of the city of Fort St. John.	Buckinghorse River Wayside Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Antonio Botanical Garden is a 33-acre (130,000 m2), non-profit botanical garden in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	San Antonio Botanical Garden	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorudgu (Persian: درودگو‎, also Romanized as Dorūdgū; also known as Doroogh Goo’iyeh, Dorūdgū’īyeh, Dorūghgū, and Dorūghgū’īyeh) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dorudgu	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowiny-Zdroje (nɔˈvinɨ ˈzdrɔjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowiny-Zdroje	Gmina Knyszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Townsville RSL Stadium is a multi-purpose indoor venue located at the Murray Sports Complex in Annandale, Queensland.	Townsville RSL Stadium	Annandale, Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stuttgart High School is a public secondary school for students in grades 9 through 12 located in Stuttgart, Arkansas.	Stuttgart High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foss Reservoir, also known as Foss Lake, lies in Custer County, Oklahoma on the Washita River, about 15 miles (24 km) west of Clinton, Oklahoma.	Foss Reservoir	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coastal Grand Mall is a super-regional shopping mall in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, United States.	Coastal Grand Mall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomaryny (tɔmaˈrɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tomaryny	Gmina Gietrzwałd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanganpur is a village in Mehsana district in the state of Gujarat, India.The nearest city from Sanganpur is Mehsana.Sanganpur is situated about 12 km from Mehsana city on South direction.	Sanganpur	Mehsana district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandeva (Persian: كندوا‎, also Romanized as Kandevā) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kandeva	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luchów Górny (ˈluxuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnogród, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Luchów Górny	Gmina Tarnogród
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Interlaken for girls operated in Croydon, New Hampshire, from 1923 to 1963.	Camp Interlaken	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre Montparnasse is a theatre at 31, rue de la Gaîté in the 14th arrondissement of Paris.	Théâtre Montparnasse	14th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strong's Block is a historic commercial building at 1637-1651 Beacon Street in the center of Waban Village, in the city of Newton, Massachusetts.	Strong's Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falconwood railway station is situated in the suburb of Falconwood, London Borough of Bexley, and is served by the Bexleyheath Line: it is 10 miles 27 chains (16.6 km) from Charing Cross.	Falconwood railway station	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havreholm Slot is a hotel and conference centre located south of Hornbæk, Helsingør Municipality, some 40 km north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Havreholm Slot	Helsingør Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Alessandria (Italian: Provincia di Alessandria) is an Italian province, with a population of some 430,000, which forms the southeastern part of the region of Piedmont.	Province of Alessandria	Piedmont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvarado Park Lake is a reservoir in Johnson County, Texas 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of Alvarado, Texas.	Alvarado Park Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midland International Air and Space Port (IATA: MAF, ICAO: KMAF, FAA LID: MAF) (formerly Midland International Airport) is a city-owned international airport located approximately midway between the cities of Midland and Odessa, in the US state of Texas.	Midland International Air and Space Port	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lisburne Peninsula is a peninsula jutting out into the Chukchi Sea on the western coast of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Lisburne Peninsula	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Peninsula Brewing Company Building is an office building located at the intersection of Meeske Street and US 41 in Marquette, Michigan.	Upper Peninsula Brewing Company Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salzwedel station is the station of the district town of Salzwedel in Altmark in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Salzwedel station	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akinabad (Persian: اكين اباد‎, also Romanized as Akīnābād; also known as Akīnābād-e Qadīm) is a village in Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Akinabad	Mehranrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jordan River Diversion Tunnel - a relic of the Victorian gold rush - is on the Jordan River near the locality of Jericho, about 7 km south of Woods Point in Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	Jordan River Diversion Tunnel	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inchcolm Abbey is a medieval abbey located on the island of Inchcolm in the Firth of Forth in Scotland.	Inchcolm Abbey	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brora (Scottish Gaelic: Brùra) is a village in the east of Sutherland, in the Highland area of Scotland.	Brora	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMVA (Hot 97.5/103.9 FM) is an Adult Top 40 radio station in the Phoenix, Arizona, area.	KMVA	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jared W. Finney High School was a public comprehensive high school in northeastern Detroit, Michigan and a part of Detroit Public Schools.	Finney High School	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Baruq (Persian: حسن باروق‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Bārūq) is a village in Balghelu Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hasan Baruq	Balghelu Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamalk Sara (Persian: چملك سرا‎, also Romanized as Chamalk Sarā) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chamalk Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capt. John Clark House is a historic house on the south side of Route 169, south of Canterbury, Connecticut.	Capt. John Clark House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew Gildersleeve Octagonal Building, also known as Mattituck, the Octagon House and Mattituck Octagon House is an historic octagon house located at Main Road (NY 25) and Love Lane in Mattituck, New York.	Andrew Gildersleeve Octagonal Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Yellow Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest.	Big Yellow Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mall at Fairfield Commons, commonly referred to as The Fairfield Commons Mall, is a shopping center in Beavercreek, Ohio.	The Mall at Fairfield Commons	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tigert Hall, built in the late 1940s and early 1950s, is a historic administrative building located on the eastern edge of the University of Florida campus in Gainesville, Florida.	Tigert Hall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kalmia Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, in northwestern Riverside County of southern California.	Kalmia Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kljen (Serbian Cyrillic: Кљен) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kljen	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dakkili is a village in Dakkili mandal, located in the Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Dakkili	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sądówko (sɔnˈdufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolice, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sądówko	Gmina Dolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andover Village Industrial District encompasses one of the 19th century industrial mill villages of Andover, Massachusetts known locally as ``The Village''.	Andover Village Industrial District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godlewo Warsze (ɡɔdˈlɛvɔ ˈvarʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Godlewo Warsze	Gmina Nur
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwestern Law School (formerly known as Southwestern University School of Law and Southwestern College of Law) is a private, ABA-accredited law school located in Mid-Wilshire, Los Angeles, in the U.S. state of California, with about 1,000 students.	Southwestern Law School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Innsbruck (German: (ˈʔɪnsbʁʊk), local pronunciation: (ˈʔɪnʃprʊk)) is the capital city of the federal state of Tyrol (Tirol) in western Austria.	Innsbruck	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bald Mountains are a mountain range rising along the border between Tennessee and North Carolina in the southeastern United States.	Bald Mountains	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol in the Community of Andalusia, are organized by Federación Andaluza de Fútbol :	Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol	Andalusia
located in the administrative territorial entity	299 Queen Street West, also known as Bell Media Queen Street, is the headquarters of the television/radio broadcast hub of Bell Canada's media unit, Bell Media located at the intersection of Queen Street West and John Street in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	299 Queen Street West	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herrieden is a town in the district of Ansbach and situated in the Middle Franconia region of Bavaria, Germany.	Herrieden	Ansbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piwaki (piˈvaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Piwaki	Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narehgah-e Markazi (Persian: نره گاه مركزي‎, also Romanized as Narehgāh-e Markazī; also known as Narehgāh, Nargāh, and Narrehgāh) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Narehgah-e Markazi	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altona Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in New York in the USA.	Altona Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Książnica (kɕɔ̃ʐˈnit͡sa) (German: Pfaffendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Książnica	Gmina Dzierżoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saadat Bolaghi (Persian: سعادت بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Sa``ādat Bolāghī; also known as Sāveh Bolāghī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 6 families.	Saadat Bolaghi	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taüll is one of the villages of the municipality of Vall de Boí in the comarca of Alta Ribagorça.	Taüll	Vall de Boí
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posto Santo is a parish in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the island of Terceira in the Azores.	Posto Santo	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaki Branazar (Persian: خاكي برانازار‎, also Romanized as Khāḵī Brānāzār) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khaki Branazar	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Melford (or Melford, as it is known locally) is a large village and civil parish in the county of Suffolk, England.	Long Melford	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budki Wierzchowskie (ˈbutki vjɛʂˈxɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budki Wierzchowskie	Gmina Jedlińsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashtavan (Armenian: Դաշտավան) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Dashtavan	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ault-Weygandt Farm is a registered historic district near Orrville, Ohio, listed in the National Register on 2002-01-14.	Ault-Weygandt Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willa Cather Birthplace, also known as the Rachel E. Boak House, is the site near Gore, Frederick County, Virginia, where the Pulitzer Prize-winning author Willa Cather was born in 1873.	Willa Cather Birthplace	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrósty Wysińskie (ˈxrustɨ vɨˈɕiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liniewo, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chrósty Wysińskie	Gmina Liniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sweet Tea Recording Studio is a 24-track recording studio in Oxford, Mississippi owned by producer Dennis Herring and operated by Dawn Palladino.	Sweet Tea Recording Studio	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kąty Goździejewskie Pierwsze (ˈkɔntɨ ɡɔʑd͡ʑɛˈjɛfskʲɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębe Wielkie, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kąty Goździejewskie Pierwsze	Gmina Dębe Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arutua Airport is an airport on Arutua atoll in French Polynesia (IATA: AXR, ICAO: NTGU).	Arutua Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talladega College, located in Talladega, Alabama, is a private, liberal arts college.	Talladega College	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Giardino Botanico Alpinia (4 hectares) is a botanical garden specializing in alpine plants, located at 800 m altitude above Stresa on Lake Maggiore, Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, Piedmont, Italy.	Giardino Botanico Alpinia	Stresa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashleworth (sometimes formerly spelled ``Ashelworth'') is a village and civil parish in the Tewkesbury district of Gloucestershire, England, with a population of 540 (United Kingdom Census 2011), about six miles north of Gloucester.	Ashleworth	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groß-Gerau (German: (ɡroːsˈɡeːrau)) is the district seat of the Groß-Gerau district, lying in the southern Frankfurt Rhein-Main Region in Hesse, Germany, and serving as a hub for the surrounding area.	Groß-Gerau	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shova VDC lies in Rukum District (Nepali: रुकुम जिल्ला) is a ``hill'' and ``mountain'' district some 280 km west of Kathmandu in Rapti Zone of Nepal's Mid-Western Region.	Shova VDC	Rukum District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardendrain is a scattered hamlet in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Ardendrain	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shekal Gurab-e Bala (Persian: شكال گوراب بالا‎, also Romanized as Shekāl Gūrāb-e Bālā; also known as Shaghāl Gūrāb, Shakālgūrāb, Shekāl Gūrāb, Shigāl Gurāb, and Shikil''-Kirab) is a village in Gasht Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shekal Gurab-e Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radomyshl Raion (Ukrainian: Радомишльський район) is a raion (district) in Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Radomyshl Raion	Zhytomyr Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Castle County Vocational-Technical School District is a public vocational-technical school district serving New Castle County, Delaware.	New Castle County Vocational-Technical School District	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridge School Benefit is an annual charity concert held in Mountain View, California, every October at the Shoreline Amphitheatre.	Bridge School Benefit	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marblehead Harbor is a harbor located in Marblehead, Massachusetts, 17 miles northeast of Boston.	Marblehead Harbor	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Edmund A. Babler Memorial State Park (commonly Babler State Park) is located in Wildwood, Missouri.	Babler State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broad Run Reservoir, or Fourth Hollow Reservoir, is a reservoir located in the Broad Mountain within the Borough of Nesquehoning, Pennsylvania.	Broad Run Reservoir	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exhibition Place is a publicly owned mixed-use district in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located by the shoreline of Lake Ontario, just west of downtown.	Exhibition Place	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornell Municipal Airport (ICAO: KHTF, FAA LID: HTF, formerly 4G6) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Hornell, a city in Steuben County, New York, United States.	Hornell Municipal Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohra Darab Adaryan (Persian: صحرادرب آدریان‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrā Darab Ādaryān) is a village in Marbin-e Vosta Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyni Shahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohra Darab Adaryan	Marbin-e Vosta Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gładysze (ɡwaˈdɨʂɛ) (German Schlodien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gładysze	Gmina Wilczęta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The T. T. Wentworth Jr. Florida State Museum is a museum of history located at 330 Jefferson Street in the Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida.	T. T. Wentworth Jr. Florida State Museum	Pensacola
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Bayfront, or the East Bayfront Precinct, is an emerging neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	East Bayfront	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Hajji Qadiri (Persian: موتورحاجي قديري‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Qadīrī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Qadiri	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hibernia Hall (or Hibernian Hall) is a Romanesque Revival building located in downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Hibernia Hall	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łagoda (waˈɡɔda) (German: Legel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Łagoda	Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panské Dubenky (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpanskɛː ˈdubɛŋkɪ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Panské Dubenky	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	GTAA Cogeneration Plant is a combined cycle natural gas and steam power station owned by the Greater Toronto Airports Authority, in Mississauga, Ontario.	GTAA Cogeneration Plant	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carson Mansion is a large Victorian house located in Old Town, Eureka, California.	Carson Mansion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mudirajupalem (Telugu: ముదిరాజుపాలెం) is a village located in Gannavaram mandal, Krishna district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mudirajupalem	Krishna district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Periya Kozhappalur(பெரிய கொழப்பலூர்) is a village in Chetpet Taluk, Tiruvannamalai District, Tamil Nadu State, India, Asia, Pin code: 632313.	Periya Kozhappalur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDUV, known as ``The Dove'', is a soft adult contemporary music radio station broadcasting on 105.5 FM, serving the Tampa Bay media market in Florida.	WDUV	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodovia Anhangüera (official designation SP-330) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Rodovia Anhangüera	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cincinnati metropolitan area, informally known as Greater Cincinnati, is a metropolitan area that includes counties in the U.S. states of Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana around the Ohio city of Cincinnati.	Cincinnati metropolitan area	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lyminge is a village in southeast Kent, England.	Lyminge	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rohozy (rɔˈxɔzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rohozy	Gmina Narew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Craggy Mountains, commonly called the Craggies, are a mountain range in western North Carolina, United States.	Great Craggy Mountains	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolobo Territory is an administrative region of Plateaux District in the Bandundu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Bolobo Territory	Plateaux District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ordlegan (Persian: اردلگان‎, also Romanized as Ordlegān; also known as Ardīgān, Ardīkān, Ordīkān, and Urdīgān) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ordlegan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	King and Queen Courthouse Green Historic District is a national historic district located at King and Queen Court House, near Shacklefords, King and Queen County, Virginia.	King and Queen Courthouse Green Historic District	King and Queen Court House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jow-e Pain (Persian: جوپايين‎, also Romanized as Jow-e Pā’īn, Jowpā’īn, and Jūpa’īn) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jow-e Pain	Bizaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ellerbe Creek is tributary of the Neuse River in North Carolina, USA.	Ellerbe Creek	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Java (Indonesian: Jawa Tengah, abbreviated as Jateng) is a province of Indonesia.	Central Java	Indonesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Toledo, commonly referred to as U of Toledo or UT, is a public research university located in Toledo, Ohio, United States.	University of Toledo	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasgerd Rural District (Persian: دهستان لاسگرد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sorkheh County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Lasgerd Rural District	Semnan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atkinson Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam across the Buaraba Creek and a naturally forming lagoon, which is located near Lowood in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Atkinson Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millennium Plaza (formerly Reform Plaza) is a skyscraper in Warsaw located at Artur Zawisza Square on the western part of Aleje Jerozolimskie.	Millennium Plaza	Warsaw
manufacturer	The SPAD S.VII was the first of a series of highly successful biplane fighter aircraft produced by Société Pour L'Aviation et ses Dérivés (SPAD) during the First World War.	SPAD S.VII	Société Pour L'Aviation et ses Dérivés
manufacturer	The Alexander Strider was a single-decker bus body produced in Scotland by Walter Alexander Coachbuilders between 1993 and 1997.	Alexander Strider	Walter Alexander Coachbuilders
manufacturer	The Savage Model 1907 is a semi-automatic pocket pistol produced by the Savage Arms Company of Utica, New York, from 1907 until 1920 in .32 ACP and from 1913 until 1920 in .380 ACP caliber.	Savage Model 1907	Savage Arms
manufacturer	The TMG EV P001 is a road-legal electric vehicle developed by Toyota Motorsport GmbH. It is based on a Radical chassis as modified for e-Wolf, with two EVO Electric axial flux motors powered by a 350 kg (770 lb) lithium-ceramic battery pack.	TMG EV P001	Toyota
manufacturer	The Daihatsu Boon is a subcompact car/supermini produced by Japanese automaker Daihatsu since 2004, and also sold as the Toyota Passo and the Daihatsu Sirion.	Daihatsu Boon	Toyota
manufacturer	Grosstraktor (``large tractor'') was the name given to six prototype medium tanks built (two each) by Rheinmetall, Krupp and Daimler, for the German Weimar Republic, in violation of the Treaty of Versailles.	Grosstraktor	Krupp
manufacturer	The Chevrolet Equinox is a mid-size crossover SUV from Chevrolet based on General Motors's Theta unibody platform, manufactured at CAMI Automotive (formerly a GM/Suzuki joint venture, now wholly owned by GM) plant in Ingersoll, Ontario, Canada, and introduced in 2004 for the 2005 model year.	Chevrolet Equinox	General Motors
manufacturer	Sherman Zwicker is a wooden auxiliary fishing schooner built in 1942 at the Smith and Rhuland shipyard, Lunenburg, Nova Scotia.	Sherman Zwicker	Smith and Rhuland
manufacturer	PL/65 was a programming language designed and implemented by Rockwell International for the AIM-65.	AIM-65	Rockwell International
manufacturer	Glenfiddich is a Speyside single malt Scotch whisky owned and produced by William Grant & Sons in Dufftown, Scotland.	Glenfiddich	William Grant & Sons
manufacturer	The Remington Model Four is a semi-automatic rifle manufactured by Remington Arms from 1981 to 1987.	Remington Model Four	Remington Arms
manufacturer	Windows 10 Mobile is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft.	Windows 10 Mobile	Microsoft
manufacturer	The High Virgo, also known as Weapons System 199C (WS-199C), was a prototype air-launched ballistic missile (ALBM) jointly developed by Lockheed and the Convair division of General Dynamics during the late 1950s.	High Virgo	Lockheed
manufacturer	CorvetteForum was launched in 1999 by Troy Roberts and Ryan Adams, two Corvette enthusiasts; the site is not directly affiliated with General Motors.	CorvetteForum	General Motors
manufacturer	It was at a subsequent meeting of the RAC British Grand Prix at Silverstone on 17 July 1954, where the reputation of Lotus cars was made as Chapman in the Lotus Mark VIII and Peter Gammon in the Mark VI beat the works quad-cam Porsche driven by Hans Herrmann again winning the class.	Lotus Mark VIII	Lotus cars
manufacturer	Pemetrexed (brand name Alimta) is a chemotherapy drug manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.	Pemetrexed	Eli Lilly and Company
manufacturer	The Yamaha XJ650 Maxim is a mid-size motorcycle by the Yamaha Motor Company introduced in 1980 as the Maxim I and produced through 1983.	Yamaha XJ650 Maxim	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The Naval Strike Missile (NSM) is an anti-ship and land-attack missile developed by the Norwegian company Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace (KDA).	Naval Strike Missile	Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace
manufacturer	Chicken McNuggets (introduced in 1983 with support from the McNugget Mania campaign) are a type of chicken product offered by international fast-food restaurant chain McDonald's.	Chicken McNuggets	McDonald
manufacturer	The Schumacher Menace GTR is a radio-controlled car made by Schumacher Racing Products, powered by a nitro fuel engine.	Schumacher Menace GTR	Schumacher Racing Products
manufacturer	MAZ-500 is a Soviet truck manufactured at the Minsk Automobile Plant.	MAZ-500	Minsk Automobile Plant
manufacturer	The Steyr AUG is an Austrian bullpup 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle, designed in the 1960s by Steyr Mannlicher GmbH & Co KG (formerly Steyr-Daimler-Puch).	Steyr AUG	Steyr Mannlicher
manufacturer	The Autozam AZ-1, known as the framecode PG6SA, is a mid-engined sports kei car, designed and manufactured by Suzuki but sold by Mazda under its Autozam brand.	Autozam AZ-1	Mazda
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Colt 800 is the first of a series of passenger cars produced by Mitsubishi Motors from November 1965.	Mitsubishi Colt 800	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	General Motors debuted the Cadillac Converj concept, the car that would eventually become the 2014 Cadillac ELR, in January 2009, at the North American International Auto Show.	Cadillac ELR	General Motors
member of political party	Stanislav Lakoba is a member of the socio-political movement Amtsakhara.	Stanislav Lakoba	Amtsakhara
member of political party	Vijay Jolly (born 24 July 1960) is a politician of the state of Delhi belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	Vijay Jolly	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Running as a People's Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Gregory Ngaji was elected as senator in the 5th (2003--2007) National Assembly representing Cross River North Senatorial District, and was reelected in April 2007.	Gregory Ngaji	People's Democratic Party
member of political party	Fritz Bock (26 February 1911 - 12 December 1993) was an Austrian politician notable for having co-founded the Austrian People's Party in 1945 and having been Vice-Chancellor of Austria from 1966 to 1968.	Fritz Bock	Austrian People's Party
member of political party	In May 1933 Guido von Mengden became a member of the German Nazi Party.	Guido von Mengden	Nazi Party
member of political party	Otto Wels (15 September 1873 -- 16 September 1939) was the chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) from 1919 and a member of parliament from 1920 to 1933.	Otto Wels	Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Jörgen Johansson (1947 -- 13 June 2010) was a Swedish Centre Party politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.	Jörgen Johansson	Centre Party
member of political party	Pilar Brabo Castells (28 February 1943 -- 21 May 1993) was a Spanish politician from the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, previously from the Spanish Communist Party.	Pilar Brabo	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Eilidh Whiteford (born 24 April 1969) is the Scottish National Party (SNP) Member of Parliament (MP) for Banff and Buchan.	Eilidh Whiteford	Scottish National Party
member of political party	Michael Andrew Foster Jude Kerr, 13th Marquess of Lothian, Baron Kerr of Monteviot, PC, QC, DL (born 7 July 1945), previously known as Michael Ancram, is a British Conservative Party politician.	Michael Ancram	Conservative Party
member of political party	Alfredo Woodward Téllez (1905--1988) was a Mexican businessman, politician and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Alfredo Woodward Téllez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Malcolm MacInnis (born 22 May 1933 at Halifax, Nova Scotia) was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Malcolm MacInnis	New Democratic Party
member of political party	Rajiv Pratap Rudy (born 30 March 1962) is an Indian politician, representing Bharatiya Janata Party, and a Member of Parliament representing Saran Lok Sabha constituency in Bihar, India since May 2014.	Rajiv Pratap Rudy	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Thor Listau (3 June 1938 -- 22 March 2014) was a Norwegian military technician and politician for the Conservative Party.	Thor Listau	Conservative Party
member of political party	Sara Stern-Katan (Hebrew: שרה שטרן-קטן‎, born 4 June 1919, died 23 September 2001) was an Israeli social worker and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1977 and 1981.	Sara Stern-Katan	National Religious Party
member of political party	Hans Uhlmann (born 11 November 1933 in Bonau, Switzerland) is a Swiss politician from the Swiss People's Party (SVP).	Hans Uhlmann	Swiss People's Party
member of political party	Walter Rand (May 31, 1919 -- January 6, 1995aged 75) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey, who was a specialist on transportation issues while serving in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature.	Walter Rand	Democratic Party
member of political party	Donald Kaberry, Baron Kaberry of Adel, MC TD (18 August 1907 -- 13 March 1991), known as Sir Donald Kaberry, 1st Baronet, from 1960 to 1983, was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Donald Kaberry, Baron Kaberry of Adel	Conservative Party
member of political party	Arthur Anthony Baumann (9 January 1856 -- 20 June 1936) was a British lawyer, author, newspaper editor, businessman and Conservative Party politician.	Arthur Anthony Baumann	Conservative Party
member of political party	Karima Souid ; born in Vénissieux is a Tunisiain politician, and a member of the Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties (Ettakatol).	Karima Souid	Democratic Forum for Labour and Liberties
member of political party	Ram Singh Kaswan (born 10 August 1945) is leader of Bharatiya Janata Party and Member of Parliament from Churu in Rajasthan, India.	Ram Singh Kaswan	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Ruban Canistus Jayalath Jayawardena(Dr. Jayalath Jayawardena) MP (August 16, 1953 -- May 30, 2013) was a medical doctor who was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka for the opposition United National Party (UNP) in 1994.	Jayalath Jayawardena	United National Party
member of political party	Eilert Eilertsen (25 February 1918 -- 24 February 2014) was a Norwegian footballer, physician and politician for the Conservative Party.	Eilert Eilertsen	Conservative Party
member of political party	Jane Prentice (born 22 June 1953), an Australian federal politician, is a member of the Australian House of Representatives since August 2010, representing the seat of Ryan for the Liberal National Party of Queensland.	Jane Prentice	Liberal National Party of Queensland
member of political party	Hukam Chand Kachwai was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party and a former member of Lok Sabha from Madhya Pradesh.	Hukam Chand Kachwai	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Baruch Alberto Barrera Zurita (born 24 August 1973 in Veracruz, Veracruz) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (formerly to the National Action Party).	Alberto Barrera Zurita	Institutional Revolutionary Party	National Action Party
member of political party	Manuel Chaves González (born 7 July 1945 in Ceuta) is a Spanish politician of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Manuel Chaves González	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	In 1823--1824, Langdon Cheves was asked to re-enter the political arena as a Democratic-Republican Party candidate for the office of U.S. President in time for the 1824 U.S. Presidential Election; he turned this offer down.	Langdon Cheves	Democratic-Republican Party
member of political party	Lal Bahadur Shastri (Hindustani: (laːl bəˈɦaːd̪ʊr ˈʃaːst̪ri), listen , 2 October 1904 -- 11 January 1966) was the Prime Minister of the Republic of India and a leader of the Indian National Congress party.	Lal Bahadur Shastri	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Chandrasekera Rohitha Bandara Bogollagama (born 6 August 1954) (known as Rohitha Bogollagama) (Sinhala: රෝහිත බෝගොල්ලාගම, Tamil: ரோகித போகோல்லாகம) is a Sri Lankan politician and the current Sri Lanka Freedom Party chief organiser for the Kotte Electorate.	Rohitha Bogollagama	Sri Lanka Freedom Party
member of political party	Andrew McKenna Jr is a former chairman of the Illinois Republican Party.	Andrew McKenna	Republican Party
member of political party	Herman Thorson (December 18, 1880 -- December 11, 1960) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the Secretary of State of North Dakota from 1941 to 1942.	Herman Thorson	North Dakota Republican Party
member of political party	Regina Ip Lau Suk-yee, GBS, JP (born 24 August 1950 in Hong Kong) Hong Kong is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo), as well as the co-founder and current chairperson of the New People's Party and Savantas Policy Institute.	Regina Ip	New People's Party
member of political party	Colonel Sir Leonard Ropner, 1st Baronet, DL MC (26 February 1895 -- 12 October 1977) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Leonard Ropner	Conservative Party
member of political party	Carmine DeSopo (born November 1, 1940) is an American Republican Party politician who served one term in the New Jersey General Assembly, from 1996 to 1998, where he represented the 7th Legislative District.	Carmine DeSopo	Republican Party
member of political party	Chuo Rung-tai (Chinese: 卓榮泰; pinyin: Zhuó Róngtài; born 22 January 1959) is a Taiwanese politician of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP).	Chuo Rung-tai	Democratic Progressive Party
member of political party	Mark Killilea, Snr (1896 -- 29 September 1970) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Mark Killilea, Snr	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Vimal Mundada (C. 1963 -- 22 March 2012) was an Indian politician from Maharashtra belonging to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).	Vimal Mundada	Nationalist Congress Party
member of political party	James J. Kennedy (born February 9, 1953) is a Democratic Party politician who is serving as a member of the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 22nd Legislative District since January 2016.	James J. Kennedy	Democratic Party
member of political party	Paul Holloway (born 20 August 1949) is an Australian politician who represented the South Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party in the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Mitchell from 1989 to 1993, and in the South Australian Legislative Council from 1995 to 2011.	Paul Holloway	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Samuli Pohjamo (b. 4 April 1950, Oulu) is a Finnish Centre Party politician and journalist.	Samuli Pohjamo	Centre Party
member of political party	Arthur Henry Williams (December 4, 1894 -- October 4, 1968) was a Canadian trade union organizer and politician who served in both the Ontario legislature and the Canadian House of Commons on behalf of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation.	Arthur Henry Williams	Co-operative Commonwealth Federation
member of political party	Torgeir Anderssen-Rysst (9 August 1888, Ålesund -- 1958) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.	Torgeir Anderssen-Rysst	Liberal Party
member of political party	Adamos Adamou (born 30 October 1950 in Limassol) is a Cypriot politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Progressive Party of Working People, sitting with the European United Left--	Adamos Adamou	Progressive Party of Working People
member of political party	Helen McEntee (born June 1986) is an Irish Fine Gael politician for Meath East, who was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) at the 2013 Meath East by-election.	Helen McEntee	Fine Gael
member of political party	Jarosław Kalinowski (Polish pronunciation: (jaˈrɔswaf kalʲiˈnɔfskʲi), born 12 April 1962), is a Polish politician, from the agrarian Polish People's Party (PSL).	Jarosław Kalinowski	Polish People's Party
member of political party	Ernst Däumig (1868--1922) was a German politician and was the co-chairman of both the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany (USPD) and Communist Party of Germany (KPD).	Ernst Däumig	Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany	Communist Party of Germany
member of political party	Youssef Amrani (Arabic: يوسف عمراني‎ - born 23 September 1953, Tangier) is a Moroccan diplomat and politician of the Istiqlal Party.	Youssef Amrani	Istiqlal Party
member of political party	Jarbom Gamlin (Hindi: झारबोम घामलिन; 16 April 1961 -- 30 November 2014) was an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress political party in Arunachal Pradesh.	Jarbom Gamlin	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Aníbal Pérez Lobos (b. Santa Cruz, Chile, January 20, 1948) is a Chilean lawyer and politician, member of the Party for Democracy (PPD).	Aníbal Pérez	Party for Democracy
member of political party	Marko Antonio Cortés Mendoza (born October 17, 1977 in Zamora, Michoacán) is a Mexican politician affiliated the National Action Party (PAN) who serves in the LX Legislature of the Mexican Congress as senator representing the State of Michoacán.	Marko Antonio Cortés Mendoza	National Action Party
member of political party	Paul Giesler (15 June 1895 -- 8 May 1945) was a member of the Nazi Party, from 1941 Gauleiter of Westphalia-South (Westfalen-Süd) and as of 1942 also acting Gauleiter of the Gau Munich-Upper Bavaria (Gau München-Oberbayern).	Paul Giesler	Nazi Party
member of political party	André van der Louw (The Hague, 9 August 1933 -- Scheveningen, 20 October 2005) was a Labour Party (Netherlands) politician.	André van der Louw	Labour Party
member of political party	Laurance Lyon (1875 -- 12 November 1932) was a British Conservative Party politician He was elected Member of Parliament for Hastings at the 1918 general election, but resigned his seat in the House of Commons on 13 April 1921.	Laurance Lyon	Conservative Party
member of political party	Carmen Fraga Estévez (born on 19 October 1948 in León) is a Spanish politician and Member of the European Parliament with the People's Party.	Carmen Fraga Estévez	People's Party
member of political party	Lê Quang Đạo (8 August 1921 -- 24 July 1999) was a Vietnamese politician who was a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam from 1960 to 1991.	Lê Quang Đạo	Communist Party of Vietnam
member of political party	Caroline Casagrande (born November 21, 1976) is an American Republican Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 11th Legislative District from January 10, 2012 to January 12, 2016.	Caroline Casagrande	Republican Party
member of political party	Upon the return of the coalition government formed by the Christian Social Party (CSV) and the Luxembourg Socialist Workers'' Party (LSAP) as a result of the legislative elections of 7 June 2009, Jean Asselborn retained the offices of Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs on 23 July 2009.	Jean Asselborn	Luxembourg Socialist Workers'' Party
member of political party	Roland Richer (born June 23, 1941) is a Canadian politician, who was a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil electoral district from 2012 to 2014 Richer was formerly a schoolteacher and school principal.	Roland Richer	Parti Québécois
member of political party	Javier Paniagua Fuentes (Ceuta, Spain, 1946) is a Spanish author and politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Javier Paniagua Fuentes	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Sheikh Mohammed Khalid Ibrahim (Arabic: محمد خالد إبراهيم ‎, born 2 November 1964) is a Bahraini Islamist politician and a member of the Al-Menbar Islamic Society in Bahrain.	Mohammed Khalid	Al-Menbar Islamic Society
member of political party	Klaus Hanssen (23 May 1844 - 19 December 1914) was a Norwegian physician and politician for the Liberal Party and the Coalition Party.	Klaus Hanssen	Liberal Party
member of political party	Babar Khan Ghauri is senior political leader of Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM).	Babar Khan Ghauri	Muttahida Qaumi Movement
member of political party	Yvonne Ruwaida (born 1970) is a Swedish Green Party politician of Palestinian origin.	Yvonne Ruwaida	Green Party
member of political party	Rajan Vichare (Marathi: राजन विचारे) is an Indian politician and a Shiv Sena member of parliament representing Thane, Maharashtra in the 16th Lok Sabha (lower house of the Indian Parliament).	Rajan Vichare	Shiv Sena
member of political party	Anita Apelthun Sæle (born 13 December 1951) is a Norwegian politician who was a member of the Norwegian parliament from 1993 until 2005, representing the Christian Democratic Party (KrF) and the county of Hordaland.	Anita Apelthun Sæle	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Sulejman Ugljanin (pronounced (sulějman ǔɡʎanin); Serbian Cyrillic: Сулејман Угљанин; born 20 November 1953) is a Serbian Bosniak politician, president of the Party of Democratic Action of Sandžak and the Bosniac National Council.	Sulejman Ugljanin	Party of Democratic Action of Sandžak
member of political party	William Murdoch Adamson (12 April 1881 -- 25 October 1945) was a British Labour politician, and the son of his namesake, the Labour MP and Leader of the Labour Party, William Adamson.	William Murdoch Adamson	Labour Party
member of political party	Giorgio Almirante (27 June 1914 -- 22 May 1988) was an Italian politician, the founder and leader of the Italian Social Movement until his retirement in 1987.	Giorgio Almirante	Italian Social Movement
member of political party	Knut Henning Thygesen (born 7 April 1953 in Risør, Norway) is a Norwegian author and politician for the Red Party.	Knut Henning Thygesen	Red
member of political party	Benjamín Galván Gómez (10 June 1972 -- 28 February 2014) was a Mexican businessman and politician of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Benjamín Galván Gómez	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Angela Crawley (born 3 June 1987) is a Scottish National Party politician.	Angela Crawley	Scottish National Party
member of political party	Veysel Eroğlu (born 18 August 1948) is Minister of Forestry and Water of Turkey and a Member of Parliament for Afyonkarahisar of the ruling Justice and Development Party.	Veysel Eroğlu	Justice and Development Party
member of sports team	Walid Lounis(born 7 April 1983), is a Tunisian-born Singaporean footballer who plays for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S.League.	Walid Lounis	Woodlands Wellington FC
member of sports team	Martin Privrel (born 11 April 1996) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club FK Senica as a defender.	Martin Privrel	FK Senica
member of sports team	Cameron Legault (born September 25, 1974) is a former Canadian Football League defensive tackle who played for eight seasons for the Calgary Stampeders, BC Lions, Ottawa Renegades, and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Cameron Legault	BC Lions	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Colston Weatherington (born October 29, 1977) is a former American football defensive lineman who played in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys.	Colston Weatherington	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Craig Wolfley (born May 19, 1958) is a former American football player and current sideline reporter for the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Craig Wolfley	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Chung Kuang-tien (Chinese: 鍾光田, born August 13, 1989) is a Taiwanese football goalkeeper who currently plays for National Pei Men Senior High School football team and Tatung F.C..	Chung Kuang-tien	Tatung F.C.
member of sports team	Robert Procureur (born 17 October 1968 in Brussels) is a Belgian football manager who is currently employed at BEC Tero Sasana F.C. as a general manager in Thailand and is the Technical Director of Myanmar National League team Yadanabon FC.	Robert Procureur	BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
member of sports team	Claudia Christiane Endler Mutinelli (born 23 July 1991) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Colo-Colo and the Chilean national team.	Christiane Endler	Colo-Colo
member of sports team	Jordan Lefort (born 28 June 1993) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Amiens SC as a defender.	Jordan Lefort	Amiens SC
member of sports team	Joël Kimwaki Mpela (born 14 October 1986) is a Congolese footballer, who currently plays for TP Mazembe and the DR Congo national football team as a defender.	Joël Kimwaki	TP Mazembe
member of sports team	Suvi Ollikainen (born March 6, 1995) is a Finnish ice hockey player for HC Keski-Uusimaa and the Finnish national team.	Suvi Ollikainen	HC Keski-Uusimaa
member of sports team	Liédson continued his career at Clube de Regatas do Flamengo and Sport Club Corinthians Paulista, traditional big clubs at Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo respectively, with relative individual success.	Liédson	Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
member of sports team	Kayla Banwarth (born January 21, 1989) is an American indoor volleyball player of Rabita Baku.	Kayla Banwarth	Rabita Baku
member of sports team	Marcell Takács (born 24 July 1989 in Budapest) is a Hungarian footballer (midfielder) player who currently plays for FC Schötz.	Marcell Takács	FC Schötz
member of sports team	Abdeslam Bousri (born 28 January 1953) is a former Algeria international football forward who played for MC Alger.	Abdeslam Bousri	MC Alger
member of sports team	Louay Chanko (Arabic: لؤي شنكو‎; born 29 November 1979) is a Swedish-Assyrian-born Syrian footballer who plays in midfield for Syrianska FC in the Swedish Allsvenskan.	Louay Chanko	Syrianska FC
member of sports team	Donald Ross Brooks (born October 17, 1937) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons with the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League.	Ross Brooks	Boston Bruins
member of sports team	Francky Sembolo (born 9 August 1985) is a Congolese international footballer, currently playing for German side VfL Osnabrück as a striker.	Francky Sembolo	VfL Osnabrück
member of sports team	Adrián Ruiz Ortiz (born 21 August 1988 in Málaga, Andalusia), commonly known as Adri, is a Spanish footballer plays for Lucena CF in Segunda División B, as a left midfielder.	Adrián Ruiz Ortiz	Lucena CF
member of sports team	Emilio Sagi Liñán (born Bolívar, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 15 March 1900; died Barcelona, 25 May 1951), was a former footballer who played as a left-winger for FC Barcelona, the Catalan XI and Spain during the 1920s and 1930s.	Emilio Sagi Liñán	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Ondřej Švaňhal (born February 12, 1989) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga.	Ondřej Švaňhal	HC Kometa Brno
member of sports team	Antonio Núñez Tena (born 15 January 1979) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Recreativo de Huelva as a right midfielder.	Antonio Núñez	Recreativo de Huelva
member of sports team	Renze Fij (born 26 September 1992 in Enschede) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Heracles Almelo in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Renze Fij	Heracles Almelo
member of sports team	Fernando Martínez Rubio (born 10 June 1990), known simply as Fernando, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Murcia as a goalkeeper.	Fernando Martínez Rubio	Real Murcia
member of sports team	Rodéric Filippi (born 25 February 1989) is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Gazélec Ajaccio.	Rodéric Filippi	Gazélec Ajaccio
member of sports team	Yendrembam Denechandra Meitei (born 28 March 1994) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Pune F.C. in the I-League.	Denechandra Meitei	Pune F.C.
member of sports team	Ivan Rajčić (born 16 April 1981 in Split) is a Croatian footballer, who currently plays for Italian club Benevento Calcio.	Ivan Rajčić	Benevento Calcio
member of sports team	Fahad Al-Ghesheyan is also known as the first Saudi player to play in Europe when he moved to AZ Alkmaar in the Netherlands.	Fahad Al-Ghesheyan	AZ Alkmaar
member of sports team	Oleksandr Matvyeyev (Ukrainian: Олександр Ігорович Матвєєв; born 11 February 1989 in Poltava, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Oleksandriya in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksandr Matvyeyev	FC Oleksandriya
member of sports team	On 4 March 2012, Morgan signed for his boyhood club Gloucester Rugby from the Scarlets Ben Morgan	Ben Morgan	Gloucester Rugby
member of sports team	Tychique Ntela Kalema (born December 12, 1987 in Kinshasa) is a DR Congolese football player playing for AS Vita Club.	Tychique Ntela Kalema	AS Vita Club
member of sports team	Rudolf Bester (born 19 July 1983 in Otjiwarongo) is a Namibian football striker who currently plays in the South African Premier Soccer League for Golden Arrows on loan from Orlando Pirates.	Rudolf Bester	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Serhiy Podryhulya (Ukrainian: Сергій Васильович Подригуля; born 5 February 1992 in Lutsk, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Serhiy Podryhulya	FC Volyn Lutsk
member of sports team	Aleksandar Kovačević (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Ковачевић; born on 9 January 1992 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer currently playing for Lechia Gdańsk in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Aleksandar Kovačević	Lechia Gdańsk
member of sports team	On December 12, the Astros traded Willy Taveras, Taylor Buchholz, and Jason Hirsh to the Colorado Rockies for Rockies pitchers Jason Jennings and Miguel Asencio.	Taylor Buchholz	Colorado Rockies
member of sports team	Pablo Monsalvo (born January 17, 1983 in Roque Pérez, Argentine) is a footballer who last played for Chacarita Juniors.	Pablo Monsalvo	Chacarita Juniors
member of sports team	Terje Kojedal (born 16 August 1957) is a Norwegian former footballer that played as a defender for HamKam in Norway and FC Mulhouse and US Valenciennes-Anzin in France.	Terje Kojedal	HamKam	FC Mulhouse
member of sports team	Sebastian Strandberg (born June 4, 1992) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently with the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL.	Sebastian Strandberg	Evansville IceMen
member of sports team	Cédric Varrault (born 30 January 1980 in Blois) is a French football defender, currently playing for Dijon FCO.	Cédric Varrault	Dijon FCO
member of sports team	Lee Mossop (born 17 January 1989 in Whitehaven, England) is a professional rugby league footballer for English club Wigan Warriors	Lee Mossop	Wigan Warriors
member of sports team	Bartosz Kopacz (born May 21, 1992 in Jastrzębie Zdrój) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for LKS Nieciecza on loan from Górnik Zabrze.	Bartosz Kopacz	LKS Nieciecza
member of sports team	Pekka Saravo (born November 13, 1979 in Rovaniemi, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defender who is currently playing for the Tappara of the SM-liiga.	Pekka Saravo	Tappara
member of sports team	Augustín Paulík (born 17 July 1982) is a Slovak football midfielder who played for FK Inter Bratislava and currently plays for OŠK Chynorany.	Augustín Paulík	FK Inter Bratislava
member of sports team	Christian Streich (German pronunciation: (ˈkʁɪsti̯an ˈʃtʁaɪ̯ç); born 11 June 1965) is a former German footballer and current manager of SC Freiburg of the 2.	Christian Streich	SC Freiburg
member of sports team	Keith Hernandez (born October 20, 1953) is a former Major League Baseball first baseman who played the majority of his career with the St. Louis Cardinals and New York Mets.	Keith Hernandez	St. Louis Cardinals	New York Mets
member of sports team	Igor Jugović (born 23 January 1989) is a Croatian football midfielder who plays for FC Sheriff Tiraspol in the Divizia Națională.	Igor Jugović	FC Sheriff Tiraspol
member of sports team	Felix Gerritzen (6 February 1927 -- 3 July 2007) was a German footballer who played for VfB Oldenburg and Preußen Münster.	Felix Gerritzen	VfB Oldenburg
member of sports team	Samantha Wood is an Australian association footballer who plays for Canberra FC Women.	Samantha Wood	Canberra FC
member of sports team	Alusine Kamara (born 5 September 1989), nicknamed 'Baggio', is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Syrianska FC in the Swedish Allsvenskan.	Alusine Kamara	Syrianska FC
member of sports team	Kenichiro Kogure(born 11 November 1979 ) is a Japanese futsal player who plays for Nagoya Oceans and the Japanese national futsal team.	Kenichiro Kogure	Nagoya Oceans
member of sports team	Dieter Dekelver (born 17 August 1979, in Beringen) is a retired Belgian football player who last played for Lommel United.	Dieter Dekelver	Lommel United
member of sports team	A brave utility who poured his heart and soul into the Collingwood Football Club, Rupert Betheras was a crowd favourite amongst the Collingwood faithful between 1999--2004, the latter season marking his delisting from the squad, something which continues to irk Collingwood fans.	Rupert Betheras	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Brett Carolan (born March 16, 1971 in San Rafael, California) is a former professional American football player who played tight end for three seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and Miami Dolphins.	Brett Carolan	San Francisco 49ers	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Rico Hill (born February 14, 1977) is an American professional basketball player currently playing for the Chicago Steam of the American Basketball Association.	Rico Hill	Chicago Steam
member of sports team	Darko Velkovski (Macedonian: Дарко Велковски; born 21 June 1995 in Skopje) is a Macedonian footballer who plays for FK Vardar as a Centre-back or as a central midfielder.	Darko Velkovski	FK Vardar
member of sports team	Emery Ruelle was a professional ice hockey player who played for the Marquette Iron Rangers, Waterloo Black Hawks and Green Bay Bobcats of United States Hockey League.	Emery Ruelle	Waterloo Black Hawks
member of sports team	Patrick Cripps (born 18 March 1995) is an Australian rules footballer who currently plays with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Patrick Cripps	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Luke Miles (born 30 October 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Swan Districts Football Club in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL).	Luke Miles	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Lukáš Pelegríni (born 10 May 1988) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the DOXXbet Liga club FK Pohronie.	Lukáš Pelegríni	FK Pohronie
member of sports team	On May 29, 2009, Alexander Salák was signed by the Florida Panthers of the NHL.	Alexander Salák	Florida Panthers
member of sports team	Thatcher Szalay (born January 18, 1979) is an American football player of Hungarian origin who has previously played for the NFL on the Baltimore Ravens, Seattle Seahawks, and the Bengals.	Thatcher Szalay	Baltimore Ravens
member of sports team	Lyndon Hooper (born May 30, 1966) is a former professional Canadian soccer player and former assistant coach of the Toronto Lynx soccer team of the United Soccer Leagues First Division.	Lyndon Hooper	Toronto Lynx
member of sports team	Benjamin Watson (born December 18, 1980) is an American football tight end for the New Orleans Saints.	Benjamin Watson	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	Robert Rooney (born 8 July 1938), known as Bob or Bobby Rooney, is a Scottish former footballer who made 47 appearances in the Football League playing for Sheffield United, Doncaster Rovers and Lincoln City.	Bobby Rooney	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Aaron Woods (born 13 March 1991) is an Australian rugby league player who is currently the captain of the Wests Tigers in the NRL.	Aaron Woods	Wests Tigers
member of sports team	Cedric Brown (born May 6, 1954 in Columbus, Ohio), is a former American professional football player who played in 9 NFL seasons from 1976-1984 for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	Cedric Brown	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Alan Scott Galbraith (born January 7, 1967 in Sacramento, California) is a former professional American football tight end in the National Football League for nine seasons for the Cleveland Browns, Dallas Cowboys, Washington Redskins, and Green Bay Packers.	Scott Galbraith	Cleveland Browns	Dallas Cowboys	Washington Redskins	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Srđan Kljajević (Cyrillic: Crђaн Kљajeвић, born 23 November 1974) is a Montenegrin football goalkeeper who plays for FK Mornar.	Srđan Kljajević	FK Mornar
member of sports team	Hamad Al Mansor (Arabic: حمد آل منصور‎; born August 19, 1993) is a Saudi football player who plays a Midfielder for Al-Hazm on loan form Najran SC .	Hamad Al Mansor	Al-Hazm
member of sports team	Florian Cazalot, (born 22 April 1985 in Aire-sur-l'Adour, Landes) is a rugby union player, who plays as prop or hooker for FC Lourdes (1.83 m, 106 kg).	Florian Cazalot	FC Lourdes
member of sports team	Nenad Erić (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Epић; born May 26, 1982 in Požega) is a Serbian-born Kazakhstani goalkeeper who plays for FC Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Nenad Erić	FC Astana
member of sports team	Park Sung-jin (Hangul: 박성진; born 28 January 1985) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Hwaseong FC in K3 League.	Park Sung-jin	Hwaseong FC
member of sports team	Igor Subbotin (born 26 June 1990) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent, who plays as a winger for Polish I liga club Miedź Legnica and the Estonia national football team.	Igor Subbotin	Miedź Legnica
member of sports team	A native of Łódź, Wojciech Łazarek played for Start Łódź, ŁKS Łódź and Lechia Gdańsk.	Wojciech Łazarek	Lechia Gdańsk
member of sports team	Allan Evridge (born June 24, 1985) was a quarterback for the Kansas State Wildcats football team in 2004 and 2005 and the Wisconsin Badgers in 2007 and 2008.	Allan Evridge	Wisconsin Badgers
member of sports team	James Kent Hull (January 13, 1961 -- October 18, 2011) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League and United States Football League, more precisely a center for the New Jersey Generals of the USFL and Buffalo Bills of the NFL.	Kent Hull	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Anders Eggert Magnussen (born 14 May 1982) is a Danish handball player currently playing for SG Flensburg-Handewitt.	Anders Eggert	SG Flensburg-Handewitt
member of sports team	Guilherme Costa Marques known as Guilherme (born May 21, 1991) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Legia Warsaw.	Guilherme Costa Marques	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Jordan Keith Tandy (born February 12, 1989) is an American football Safety for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	Keith Tandy	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Anton Bengtsson (born May 13, 1993) is a Swedish professional ice hockey Forward currently playing with HV71 in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Anton Bengtsson	HV71
member of sports team	Matija Dvorneković (born 1 January 1989 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football forward, who currently plays for FK Kukësi.	Matija Dvorneković	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	Femi Balogun moved to S.C. Olhanense in 2013/2014 season, he scored his first league goal against S.L. Benfica in Portugal first Division match on the 15th December 2013.	Femi Balogun	S.C. Olhanense
member of sports team	Bert Foster was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League between 1928 and 1936 for the Richmond Football Club.	Bert Foster	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Knut Næss (11 March 1927 -- 11 September 2015) was a Norwegian footballer and manager who coached Rosenborg BK to the club's first three major trophies: the Norwegian Cup in 1960 and 1964, and the 1967 League Championship.	Knut Næss	Rosenborg BK
member of sports team	Julian Radlein (born February 6, 1981 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a former Canadian Football League fullback who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.	Julian Radlein	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Tanat Nusserbayev (Kazakh: Таңат Нөсербаев, Tañat Nöserbayev; born 1 January 1988) is a Kazakh footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Tanat Nusserbayev	FC Astana
member of sports team	Wálter Veizaga (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈwalter βeiˈsaɣa); born 22 April 1988) is a Bolivian footballer who plays as a midfielder for The Strongest	Wálter Veizaga	The Strongest
member of sports team	Alex Monteiro de Lima, simply known as Alex, (born December 15, 1988) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for the Houston Dynamo of Major League Soccer.	Alex Monteiro de Lima	Houston Dynamo
member of sports team	Paul Sarah (born 19 December 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Geelong Football Club and Richmond Football Club in the VFL.	Paul Sarah	Geelong Football Club	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Mourad Delhoum (born October 1987 in Sétif) is an Algerian footballer who plays as central midfielder for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club JS Kabylie.	Mourad Delhoum	JS Kabylie
member of sports team	Khairul Fahmi Che Mat (born 7 January 1989 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan) is a Malaysian goalkeeper who plays for Kelantan FA and the Malaysia national football team.	Khairul Fahmi Che Mat	Kelantan FA
member of sports team	Anthony Vroblicky (born July 12, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Telekom Baskets Bonn of the German Basketball League in the 2014--15 season.	Anthony Vroblicky	Telekom Baskets Bonn
member of sports team	Warren Skorodenski (born March 22, 1960 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a retired former professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Black Hawks and the Edmonton Oilers in the National Hockey League.	Warren Skorodenski	Edmonton Oilers
member of sports team	Quim Berto retired in June 2010 at nearly 39 years of age after spending four seasons with F.C. Vizela, the last in division three.	Quim Berto	F.C. Vizela
member of sports team	Katalin Pálinger (born 6 December 1978 in Mosonmagyaróvár) is a former Hungarian international team handball goalkeeper who plays for Győri Audi ETO KC.	Katalin Pálinger	Győri Audi ETO KC
member of sports team	Reda Agourram (born December 10, 1990 in Rabat), is a Moroccan-Canadian soccer player currently playing for FAR Rabat in the Botola.	Reda Agourram	FAR Rabat
member of sports team	David Krause (born 28 February 1970) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played for South Queensland Crushers in the Australian Rugby League and London Broncos in the Super League.	David Krause	London Broncos
member of sports team	Eduardo Chacon Coelho Lacerda simply known as Du is a Brazilian footballer who is currently playing for Southern Samity in the I-League as a Defender.	Eduardo Chacon Coelho Lacerda	Southern Samity
member of sports team	Sandy Walsh (born 14 March 1995) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Belgian K.R.C. Genk.	Sandy Walsh	K.R.C. Genk
member of sports team	Dustin Kirby (born December 12, 1984 in Mentor, Ohio) is an American football (soccer) defender who is well known for playing for Real Salt Lake.	Dustin Kirby	Real Salt Lake
member of sports team	Seth Joyner (born November 18, 1964 in Spring Valley, New York) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles, Arizona Cardinals, Green Bay Packers and Denver Broncos.	Seth Joyner	Philadelphia Eagles	Arizona Cardinals	Green Bay Packers	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Ziya Erdal (born 5 January 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a left wingback for Sivasspor in the Süper Lig.	Ziya Erdal	Sivasspor
member of sports team	Krzysztof Pilarz (born November 9, 1980 in Nowy Dwór Gdański) is a professional football goalkeeper from Poland who plays for KS Cracovia in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Krzysztof Pilarz	KS Cracovia
member of sports team	Esix Snead (born June 7, 1976 in Fort Myers, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder for the New York Mets (2002, 2004).	Esix Snead	New York Mets
member of sports team	Maja Joščak (born 4 August 1990) is a Croatian football forward, who plays for ŽNK Osijek.	Maja Joščak	ŽNK Osijek
member of sports team	Marcos Caballero is a Paraguayan association footballer for Sportivo Ameliano in the Paraguayan Tercera Division.	Marcos Caballero	Sportivo Ameliano
member of sports team	David Raine (born 28 March 1937) is an English former footballer who played as a full-back for Port Vale, Doncaster Rovers, Colchester United, and Burton Albion.	David Raine	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Jérémy Deichelbohrer (born 25 April 1986 in Belfort) is a French footballer who played for Dijon FCO.	Jérémy Deichelbohrer	Dijon FCO
member of sports team	Cristiano Spirito (born 12 January 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays for Vigor Lamezia, on loan from Parma.	Cristiano Spirito	Vigor Lamezia
member of sports team	Christoffer Källqvist (born August 26, 1983) is a Swedish professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Swedish Allsvenskan Club BK Häcken.	Christoffer Källqvist	BK Häcken
member of sports team	Muhammad Fakhrudin is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesia Super League.	Muhammad Fakhrudin	PSM Makassar
member of sports team	Derek Parlane (born 5 May 1953 in Helensburgh) is a former professional football striker who played for Rangers, from 1970 until 1980.	Derek Parlane	Rangers
member of sports team	Ray Snell (born February 24, 1958) is a former guard in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, most notably, along with the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Ray Snell	Tampa Bay Buccaneers	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Prince Osei Owusu (born 7 January 1997) is a German-Ghanaian footballer who plays as a forward for VfB Stuttgart II. On 25 July 2015 Owusu made his first appearance for VfB Stuttgart II in the 3.	Prince Osei Owusu	VfB Stuttgart II
member of sports team	Vincenzo Grifo (born 7 April 1993) is an Italian footballer, born in Germany, who plays as a midfielder for SC Freiburg.	Vincenzo Grifo	SC Freiburg
member of sports team	Eppa Rixey Jr. (May 3, 1891 -- February 28, 1963), nicknamed ``Jephtha'', was an American left-handed pitcher who played 21 seasons for the Philadelphia Phillies and Cincinnati Reds in Major League Baseball from 1912 to 1933.	Eppa Rixey	Philadelphia Phillies	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Juan Josué Rodríguez (born 16 January 1988) is a Honduran football Midfielder who currently plays for Parrillas One.	Juan Josué Rodríguez	Parrillas One
member of sports team	Bogusław Hajdas played for Warta Zawiercie, Lotnik Warszawa and AZS-AWF Warszawa.	Bogusław Hajdas	Warta Zawiercie
member of sports team	Adam O'Brien (born 11 July 1993) is a professional rugby league player who is currently contracted to the Bradford Bulls of the Championship Adam hails from Halifax and is a product of the Bulls Junior Development system.	Adam O'Brien	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Blaise Bryant (born November 23, 1969) is a former running back in the Canadian Football League who played with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Blaise Bryant	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Andreas Kristler (born August 30, 1990) is an Austrian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Andreas Kristler	EC Red Bull Salzburg
member of sports team	Gary Wilkins is a former professional American football player who played tight end for six seasons for the Buffalo Bills and Atlanta Falcons	Gary Wilkins	Buffalo Bills	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Sattrupai Sri-narong is a Thai footballer currently playing for Thailand Premier League side Osotspa Saraburi F.C..	Sattrupai Sri-narong	Osotspa Saraburi F.C.
member of sports team	Claiford A. Arao, also known as Ford Arao, is a Filipino professional basketball player who lastly played for the Meralco Bolts.	Ford Arao	Meralco Bolts
member of sports team	Born in Bissau, Zezinando moved with his parents to Portugal still an infant, and, at the age of 12, he joined Sporting Clube de Portugal's famed youth academy.	Zezinando	Sporting Clube de Portugal
member of sports team	Mario Tonelli (March 27, 1916 -- January 7, 2003) was a professional American football player who played running back for one season for the Chicago Cardinals A sergeant in the US Army 200th Coast Artillery who survived the Bataan Death March.	Mario Tonelli	Chicago Cardinals
member of sports team	Alexei Kosourov (born July 29, 1979) is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays the for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Alexei Kosourov	Metallurg Novokuznetsk
member of sports team	Nicolas Haas (born 23 January 1996) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League.	Nicolas Haas	FC Luzern
member of sports team	Yahya Dagriri (Arabic: يحيى دغريري‎; born August 13, 1993), is a Saudi Arabian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Saudi club Najran SC on loan from Ittihad FC.	Yahya Dagriri	Najran SC
member of sports team	Darrell McClover (born August 25, 1981) is a former American football linebacker, having most recently played for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League.	Darrell McClover	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Clarence Burgess Owens (born August 2, 1951 in Columbus, Ohio) is a retired safety who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the New York Jets and the Oakland Raiders.	Burgess Owens	New York Jets	Oakland Raiders
member of sports team	Matt Korthuis (born September 22, 1981) is a Dutch-Canadian ice hockey player currently playing for the Melbourne Ice in the Australian Ice Hockey League.	Matt Korthuis	Melbourne Ice
member of sports team	Nemanja Janičić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Јаничић, born 13 July 1986) is a Bosnian Serb footballer playing with FK Napredak Kruševac in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Nemanja Janičić	FK Napredak Kruševac
member of sports team	Fábio Alexandre Barbosa Santos (born 14 November 1992 in Penafiel) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for G.D. Tourizense, as a goalkeeper.	Fábio Alexandre Barbosa Santos	G.D. Tourizense
member of sports team	Aquivaldo Mosquera made his debut in 2000 playing for Atlético Nacional.	Aquivaldo Mosquera	Atlético Nacional
member of sports team	Felix Elvio Jiménez Rivera (born January 6, 1940 in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic) is a former Major League Baseball left fielder who appeared in one game for the New York Yankees in 1964.	Elvio Jiménez	New York Yankees
member of sports team	Dejan Jakovic (born 16 July 1985) is a Canadian international soccer player who plays for Japanese club Shimizu S-Pulse and the Canadian national team, as a defender.	Dejan Jakovic	Shimizu S-Pulse
member of sports team	Julio César Rodríguez López, simply known as Julio (born 7 December 1995), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón B as a central defender.	Julio César Rodríguez López	Sporting de Gijón B
member of sports team	Bret Hutchinson (born 6 March 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and the Subiaco Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Bret Hutchinson	Subiaco Football Club
member of sports team	Doug Easlick (born December 4, 1980 in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey) is a former American football fullback who played in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins in the 2004 season.	Doug Easlick	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Oscar Espínola (born 10 May 1976 in Guarape, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Argentino de Quilmes of the Tercera División Argentina and in other clubs of Colombia, Venezuela, Bolivia, Argentina and Chile.	Oscar Espínola	Argentino de Quilmes
member of sports team	Toccara Williams is a former basketball point guard who played for the WNBA's San Antonio Silver Stars in the 2004 season.	Toccara Williams	San Antonio Silver Stars
member of sports team	David Omar Rodríguez Barrera (born 27 January 1989), commonly known as Deivid, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Córdoba CF as a central defender.	David Omar Rodríguez Barrera	Córdoba CF
member of sports team	Brodrick Bunkley (born November 23, 1983) is an American football nose tackle who played most recently for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL).	Brodrick Bunkley	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	After graduating from BYU Katie Larkin was drafted by the Los Angeles Sol of the WPS with the 19th overall pick in 2009.	Katie Larkin	Los Angeles Sol
member of sports team	Jared Waerea-Hargreaves (born 20 January 1989) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League.	Jared Waerea-Hargreaves	Sydney Roosters
member of sports team	Harry Herbert (2 August 1934 -- 19 January 2011) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club and a Victorian policeman.	Harry Herbert	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Kurt Sohn (born June 26, 1957 in Ithaca, New York) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for eight seasons for the New York Jets from 1981 to 1988.	Kurt Sohn	New York Jets
member of sports team	Hal Robl is a former linebacker in the National Football League, who played in two games for the Chicago Cardinals during the 1945 NFL season.	Hal Robl	Chicago Cardinals
member of sports team	Vladimir Sekulovski (born October 7, 1980 in Tetovo) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender for Macedonian Third Football League club FK Osogovo.	Vladimir Sekulovski	FK Osogovo
member of sports team	Ion Burlacu (born 3 February 1995, Chișinău, Moldova) is a Moldavian football Defender who plays for FC Academia Chișinău.	Ion Burlacu	FC Academia Chișinău
member of sports team	Perry Griggs (born September 17, 1954 in Lafayette, Alabama) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver in 1977 for the Baltimore Colts.	Perry Griggs	Baltimore Colts
member of sports team	Tevin Slater is a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines footballer who plays for Parham FC of the Antigua and Barbuda Premier Division.	Tevin Slater	Parham FC
member of sports team	Sammy Winder (born July 15, 1959) is a former professional American football running back who spent his entire professional career playing for the Denver Broncos, from 1982 to 1990.	Sammy Winder	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Frank Wayne Marsh (born June 19, 1940 in La Grande, Oregon), is a former professional American football defensive back in the American Football League for the San Diego Chargers.	Frank Wayne Marsh	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Jay Parker (July 8, 1874 -- June 8, 1935) was a starting pitcher who played briefly for the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1899 season.	Jay Parker	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Essam Ali is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Centre forward for Ismaily SC.	Essam Ali	Ismaily SC
member of sports team	Michalis Papanikolas (Greek: Μιχάλης Παπανικόλας; born 28 March 1993) is a Greek footballer, who currently playing for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. in the Football League 2 as a Centre back.	Michalis Papanikolas	Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
member of sports team	Hedda Strand Gardsjord (born 28 June 1982) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a right-back for Toppserien club Røa IL and the Norway national team.	Hedda Strand Gardsjord	Røa IL
member of sports team	Amir Karaoui (born August 3, 1987) is an Algerian international footballer who plays for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Amir Karaoui	MC Alger
member of sports team	Sébastien Cantini (born 31 July 1987) is a French professional football player who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 side Paris FC.	Sébastien Cantini	Paris FC
member of sports team	Brandon Bennett (born February 3, 1973 in Greenville, South Carolina) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals and the Carolina Panthers.	Brandon Bennett	Cincinnati Bengals	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Yusif Rahman (born 26 January 1993) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Cypriot Second Division side PAEEK Kerynia as a forward.	Yusif Rahman	PAEEK
member of sports team	Jimmy Suparno is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiram Raja Ampat as a midfielder.	Jimmy Suparno	Persiram Raja Ampat
member of sports team	Davor Bratić (born 1 May 1987, Vukovar) is a Croatian footballer who currently plays for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Davor Bratić	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	In July 2008, Josemi signed for RCD Mallorca.	Josemi	RCD Mallorca
member of sports team	Daniel Senn (born 17 September 1983) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as defender for FC Tuggen.	Daniel Senn	FC Tuggen
member of sports team	Christian Ruuttu grew up in Pori, where he attended the Swedish-speaking Björneborgs svenska samskola comprehensive school while playing for the Ässät Finnish Elite League club.	Christian Ruuttu	Ässät
member of sports team	Sieme Zijm (born 25 January 1978 in Den Helder, North Holland) is a former Dutch footballer who last played for FC Emmen.	Sieme Zijm	FC Emmen
member of sports team	Joe Panos (born Zois Panagiotopoulos on January 24, 1971) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and Buffalo Bills.	Joe Panos	Philadelphia Eagles	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Ville-Matti Koponen (born January 4, 1984 in Lahti) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Kiekko-Laser of the Mestis.	Ville-Matti Koponen	Kiekko-Laser
member of sports team	Joel Stelly (born January 13, 1984) is a former American football player who most recently played Chicago Bears of the National Football League.	Joel Stelly	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Nerea Pena Abaurrea (born 13 December 1989) is a Spanish handball player who plays for the Hungarian team Ferencvárosi TC.	Nerea Pena	Ferencvárosi TC
member of sports team	Marvin Stefaniak (born February 3, 1995) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Dynamo Dresden.	Marvin Stefaniak	Dynamo Dresden
member of sports team	Kennys Vargas (born August 1, 1990) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball designated hitter and first baseman for the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Kennys Vargas	Minnesota Twins
member of sports team	Felipe Montemayor (born February 7, 1928 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a former outfielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates in Major League Baseball.	Felipe Montemayor	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Fernando Currás Gallego (born 19 February 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current manager of UD Melilla.	Fernando Currás Gallego	UD Melilla
member of sports team	Rob Abiamiri (born December 21, 1982 in Randallstown, Maryland) is an American football tight end who most recently played for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League.	Rob Abiamiri	Baltimore Ravens
member of sports team	At the age of 12, Nayim left his hometown of Ceuta and joined FC Barcelona's youth academy La Masia, as the main squad was managed by Terry Venables, but had very few first-team opportunities over the course of two seasons.	Nayim	FC Barcelona
military branch	Stuart Benson (born 12 February 1981) is a bobsledder who competes for Team GB, and an avionics technician in the Royal Air Force.	Stuart Benson	Royal Air Force
mother	Duchess Maria Dorothea of Württemberg (Maria Dorothea Luise Wilhelmine Caroline; 1 November 1797 in Carlsruhe (now Pokój), Silesia -- 30 March 1855 in Budapest, Hungary) was the daughter of Duke Louis of Württemberg (1756--1817) and Princess Henriette of Nassau-Weilburg (1780--1857).	Duchess Maria Dorothea of Württemberg	Princess Henriette of Nassau-Weilburg
named after	The name Rus' is often conflated with its Latin forms Russia and Ruthenia, thus Belarus is often referred to as White Russia or White Ruthenia.	Belarus	White Russia
named after	Lamport's bakery algorithm is a computer algorithm devised by computer scientist Leslie Lamport, which is intended to improve the safety in the usage of shared resources among multiple threads by means of mutual exclusion.	Lamport's bakery algorithm	Leslie Lamport
named after	The Zamboni pile (also referred to as a Duluc Dry Pile) is an early electric battery, invented by Giuseppe Zamboni in 1812.	Zamboni pile	Giuseppe Zamboni
named after	First Canadian Place (originally First Bank Building) is a skyscraper in the financial district of Toronto, Ontario, at the northwest corner of King and Bay streets, and is the location of the Toronto operational head office of the Bank of Montreal.	First Canadian Place	Bank of Montreal
named after	Stalinism is the means of governing and related policies implemented by Joseph Stalin.	Stalinism	Joseph Stalin
named after	The Rhein-Wupper-Bahn is a Regionalbahn service in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Rhein-Wupper-Bahn	Rhine
named after	The Shewhart Medal, named in honour of Walter A. Shewhart, is awarded annually by the American Society for Quality for ...outstanding technical leadership in the field of modern quality control, especially through the development to its theory, principles, and techniques.	Shewhart Medal	Walter A. Shewhart
named after	Reaganomics (/reɪɡəˈnɒmɪks/; a portmanteau of Reagan and economics attributed to Paul Harvey) refers to the economic policies promoted by U.S. President Ronald Reagan during the 1980s.	Reaganomics	Ronald Reagan
named after	Spinozism (also spelled Spinoza-ism or Spinozaism) is the monist philosophical system of Baruch Spinoza which defines ``God'' as a singular self-subsistent substance, with both matter and thought being attributes of such.	Spinozism	Baruch Spinoza
named after	Heinrich Heine prize of Düsseldorf Heinrich Heine prize of the Ministry for Culture of the former GDR, which was assigned until 1990 Heinrich Heine Prize of the ``Heinrich-Heine-Gesellschaft'' at Hamburg	Heinrich Heine Prize	Heinrich-Heine
named after	School of Stolyarsky (for gifted children) is a music school established in Odessa, Ukraine (former USSR) in 1933 by the initiation and vision of the eminent violin pedagogue Pyotr Stolyarsky.	School of Stolyarsky	Pyotr Stolyarsky
named after	The Hume-Rothery rules, named after William Hume-Rothery, are a set of basic rules that describe the conditions under which an element could dissolve in a metal, forming a solid solution.	Hume-Rothery rules	William Hume-Rothery
named after	The Einstein field equations (EFE; also known as ``Einstein's equations'') are the set of 10 equations in Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity that describes the fundamental interaction of gravitation as a result of spacetime being curved by matter and energy.	Einstein field equations	Albert Einstein
named after	The Laurent series was named after and first published by Pierre Alphonse Laurent in 1843.	Laurent series	Pierre Alphonse Laurent
named after	Fed Cup is the premier international team competition in women's tennis, launched in 1963 to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the International Tennis Federation (ITF).	Fed Cup	International Tennis Federation
named after	In atomic physics, Hund's rules refers to a set of rules that German physicist Friedrich Hund formulated around 1927, which are used to determine the term symbol that corresponds to the ground state of a multi-electron atom.	Hund's rules	Friedrich Hund
named after	The Taxil hoax was an 1890s hoax of exposure by Léo Taxil intended to mock not only Freemasonry but also the Roman Catholic Church's opposition to it.	Taxil hoax	Léo Taxil
named after	In geometry, the Euler line, named after Leonhard Euler (/ˈɔɪlər/), is a line determined from any triangle that is not equilateral.	Euler line	Leonhard Euler
named after	USS Grayling (SSN-646), a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the fifth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the grayling.	USS Grayling (SSN-646)	grayling
named after	Ebstein's anomaly was named after Wilhelm Ebstein, who in 1866 described the heart of the 19-year-old Joseph Prescher.	Ebstein's anomaly	Wilhelm Ebstein
named after	Hilbert's eleventh problem is one of David Hilbert's list of open mathematical problems posed at the Second International Congress of Mathematicians in Paris in 1900.	Hilbert's eleventh problem	David Hilbert
named after	The Wittig reaction was discovered in 1954 by Georg Wittig, for which he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1979.	Wittig reaction	Georg Wittig
named after	In British politics, the term Blairism refers to the political ideology of former leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister Tony Blair, who left both positions in 2007 to become Envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East.	Blairism	Tony Blair
named after	The Hubble sequence is a morphological classification scheme for galaxies invented by Edwin Hubble in 1926.	Hubble sequence	Edwin Hubble
named after	Rubicline, also referred to as Rb-microcline, is the rubidium analogue of microcline, an important tectosilicate mineral.	Rubicline	microcline	rubidium
narrative location	Suburban Madness is very loosely based on the true story of 44-year-old Clara Harris a successful Texas dentist and mother of young twins, who hired private investigator Bobbi Bacha, played by actress Sela Ward, to spy on her philandering orthodontist husband.	Suburban Madness	Texas
occupation	Jae Deal is an American composer, arranger, music producer and orchestrator in various genres including pop, gospel, and hip hop.	Jae Deal	composer
occupation	'Lalgudi' G. J. R. Krishnan (born 15 April 1960) is a well-known Carnatic violinist, vocalist and composer.	G. J. R. Krishnan	composer
occupation	In 1856, Sioeli Nau was selected to lead the missionary group.	Sioeli Nau	missionary
occupation	Sandy Rass is a British songwriter/producer of Fast Food Rockers and others, and a singer, dancer and actor.	Sandy Rass	songwriter
occupation	George de la Peña is an American ballet dancer, musical theatre performer, choreographer, actor, and teacher.	George de la Peña	choreographer
occupation	Borislava Botusharova (Bulgarian: Борислава Ботушарова) (born 26 November 1994) is a current Old Dominion University women's tennis player.	Borislava Botusharova	tennis player
occupation	Nathan U. Salmon (né Nathan Salmon Ucuzoglu in 1951) is an American philosopher in the Analytic tradition, specializing in metaphysics, philosophy of language, and philosophy of logic.	Nathan Salmon	philosopher
occupation	Ben Jongejan (born January 9, 1985, Leidschendam) is a Dutch long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.	Ben Jongejan	speed skater
occupation	Thomas David Jones (born January 22, 1955) is a former United States astronaut.	Thomas David Jones	astronaut
occupation	Kristin Hersh (born August 7, 1966) is an American singer, songwriter and author.	Kristin Hersh	singer, songwriter
occupation	Nathaniel A. Buchwald (July 19, 1924 -- July 14, 2006) was an American neuroscientist, educator and administrator, who was Professor of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences and Neurobiology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).	Nathaniel A. Buchwald	neuroscientist
occupation	Antoš Frolka (June 13, 1877 - June 8, 1935), was a Czech painter of folk scenes.	Antoš Frolka	painter
occupation	Levi Cook (December 16, 1792 -- December 2, 1866) was an American business and politician who served two terms the mayor of Detroit, Michigan, and one in the Michigan House of Representatives.	Levi Cook	politician
occupation	Michael Henss is a Swiss art historian, scholar and writer focussing on Asian art - with a stress on Tibet and East Asia.	Michael Henss	art historian
occupation	TN Deo (full name and birthdate unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Holkar.	TN Deo	cricketer
occupation	Edward Binyon (1830?-1876), was a British landscape painter	Edward Binyon	painter
occupation	Pam Barrett (November 26, 1953 -- January 21, 2008) was a politician who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta as a member of the Alberta New Democratic Party.	Pam Barrett	politician
occupation	James Trujillo, better known by his stage name Jay Tee, is a rapper, songwriter and producer from Vallejo, CA.	Jay Tee	rapper
occupation	Hirsch Bär Fassel (1802-1883) (also known as Hirsch Baer Fassel or Hirsch B. Fassel) was an influential rabbi and philosopher.	Hirsch Bär Fassel	rabbi	philosopher
occupation	Na Tae-joo (born December 21, 1990) is a South Korean actor, singer and taekwondo practitioner.	Na Tae-joo	actor	singer
occupation	Roger Hazard is an American designer, television presenter, and producer best known as the home stager and designer on Sell This House.	Roger Hazard	television presenter
occupation	Dani Romain is a Canadian screenwriter and television producer, who has been the writing and production partner of George F. Walker in the television series This Is Wonderland, The Line and Living in Your Car, and the film Niagara Motel.	Dani Romain	screenwriter
occupation	Laauli Leuatea Polataivao is a Samoan politician and Deputy Speaker of the Samoan Parliament.	Laauli Leuatea Polataivao	politician
occupation	Jacob Philadelphia was a Jewish magician, physicist, mechanic, juggler, astrologer, alchemist, and Kabbalist.	Jacob Philadelphia	magician
occupation	Burnell Taylor (born April 14, 1993) is an American singer, who came in seventh place on the twelfth season of American Idol.	Burnell Taylor	singer
occupation	István Marosi (born April 5, 1944 in Ózd) is a Hungarian former handball player.	István Marosi	handball player
occupation	His father, also named Federico Trillo, was a politician during the dictatorship of Francisco Franco.	Federico Trillo	politician
occupation	Eric Fellner, CBE (born 10 Oct 1959) is an English film producer.	Eric Fellner	film producer
occupation	Ri Kyong-ok (Korean: 리경옥; born January 3, 1980 in Pyongyang) is a North Korean judoka, who competed in the women's extra-lightweight category.	Ri Kyong-ok	judoka
occupation	Tadeusz Iwaniec (born on October 9, 1947 in Elbląg) is a Polish-American mathematician, and since 1996 John Raymond French Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Syracuse University.	Tadeusz Iwaniec	mathematician
occupation	Derek Miles (born September 28, 1972) is an American pole vaulter, from Tea, South Dakota.	Derek Miles	pole vaulter
occupation	Saul Almeida (born June 4, 1989) is a Brazilian-American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the featherweight division for the World Series of Fighting.	Saul Almeida	mixed martial artist
occupation	Adam Ty Dean Smith (better known as Adam Dean Smith) is an automobile designer.	Adam Ty Dean Smith	designer
occupation	Shane Luitjens is a graphic designer, photographer, and writer based in New York City.	Shane Luitjens	graphic designer	photographer
occupation	Dovi Frances (born November 20, 1978) is an international financier, an entrepreneur, and president of SG residing in Malibu, California.	Dovi Frances	entrepreneur
occupation	Sir Christus (born Jukka Kristian Mikkonen, April 10, 1978) is a Finnish guitarist, best known as the former rhythm guitarist of the glam rock band Negative.	Sir Christus	guitarist
occupation	Krikor Agathon (born 26 November 1900, date of death unknown) was an Egyptian sport shooter and fencer.	Krikor Agathon	fencer
occupation	Ángel Garó (La Línea de la Concepción, January 12, 1965) is a Spanish actor and comedian.	Ángel Garó	actor
occupation	Paľo Bielik (December 11, 1910 -- April 23, 1983), also known as Jan Bukva, was a Slovak film director, screenwriter and actor.	Paľo Bielik	film director	actor
occupation	Matt Rees is a Welsh novelist and journalist.	Matt Rees	journalist
occupation	Shannon Leto (/lɛtoʊ/; born March 9, 1970) is an American musician and songwriter who gained fame as the drummer for Thirty Seconds to Mars.	Shannon Leto	musician	songwriter
occupation	Rob Landeros is a computer game designer and graphic artist.	Rob Landeros	artist
occupation	Peter Reno was a prolific musical composition partnership between Peter Taylor (composer) and his business associate, Cliff Twemlow.	Peter Reno	composer
occupation	Cathryn Jakobson Ramin is an American journalist, investigative reporter, and author.	Cathryn Jakobson Ramin	journalist
occupation	Lowell Mason (January 8, 1792 -- August 11, 1872) was a leading figure in American church music, the composer of over 1600 hymn tunes, many of which are often sung today.	Lowell Mason	composer
occupation	Kage Baker (June 10, 1952 -- January 31, 2010) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer.	Kage Baker	writer
occupation	Anders Burström (born January 28, 1976 in Luleå) is a Swedish ice hockey player currently playing for Luleå HF in Swedish Elitserien.	Anders Burström	ice hockey player
occupation	Sextius Alexandre François de Miollis (Aix, September 18, 1759 -- Aix, June 18, 1828) was a French military officer serving in the American Revolutionary War, the French Revolutionary Wars, and the Napoleonic Wars.	Sextius Alexandre François de Miollis	officer
occupation	Charles Smith (born September 30, 1985), better known as Blaqstarr or DJ Blaqstarr, is a Baltimore, Maryland area rapper, singer, producer and DJ. He is best known for his work with M.I.A..	Blaqstarr	singer
occupation	Wendy Perron is a dancer, choreographer, and teacher who was the Editor in Chief of Dance Magazine from 2004 to 2013.	Wendy Perron	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Christian Fenger (November 3, 1840 -- March 7, 1902) was a Danish-born surgeon, pathologist, and medical instructor.	Christian Fenger	pathologist
occupation	Ralph Stanley gave his opinion on Bill Monroe's apparent change of heart: ``He (Bill Monroe) knew Carter would make him a good singer...	Ralph Stanley	singer
occupation	John de Barton (fl. 1304) was an English judge.	John de Barton	judge
occupation	Clotilde Rullaud is a French singer, songwriter and composer.	Clotilde Rullaud	singer	composer
occupation	Donald Montgomery (January 19, 1808 -- July 31, 1893) was a farmer and politician from Prince Edward Island.	Donald Montgomery	politician
occupation	Josh Fix is a South African-born American singer-songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist and producer.	Josh Fix	composer
occupation	Louis Moyse (pron. moh-EEZ; August 14, 1912 -- July 30, 2007) was a famous French flute player and composer.	Louis Moyse	composer
occupation	Isabel Toledo (born April 9, 1961) is a Cuban-American fashion designer based in New York.	Isabel Toledo	fashion designer
occupation	Wilson Pickett (March 18, 1941 -- January 19, 2006) was an American R&B, soul and rock and roll singer and songwriter.	Wilson Pickett	singer
occupation	Terry Kubicka (born April 3, 1956 in Long Beach, California) is an American retired figure skater.	Terry Kubicka	figure skater
occupation	John Tregoning (c. 1845--c. 1920) was an American mechanical engineer, inventor and business manager from Lynn, Massachusetts, known for writing one of the very first books on factory operations in 1891.	John Tregoning	mechanical engineer	inventor
occupation	Ronald Malfi is an American novelist whose genres include horror, thrillers, mainstream, and literary fiction.	Ronald Malfi	novelist
occupation	Thomas Milani (born April 13, 1952) is a Canadian-born former Italian professional and Olympic ice hockey player.	Thomas Milani	ice hockey player
occupation	Soara-Joye Ross, previously known as Joy Ross, Joye Ross, Joy E. T. Ross, and also known as Soara-Joyce Ross (because of her name being misspelled) is a notable American actress and singer.	Soara-Joye Ross	singer
occupation	Pier Paolo Maggiora, is an Italian architect.	Pier Paolo Maggiora	architect
occupation	J. B. Lenoir /ləˈnɔːr/ (March 5, 1929 -- April 29, 1967) was an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter, active in the 1950s and 1960s Chicago blues scene.	J. B. Lenoir	guitarist	singer
occupation	Jack Darkins was a British tennis player, who played in the 1946 Wimbledon Championships in singles.	Jack Darkins	tennis player
occupation	Cléoma Falcon (née Breaux) (May 27, 1906 -- April 8, 1941) was an American guitarist and vocalist who, along with her husband Joe Falcon, recorded one of the first known examples of Cajun music.	Cléoma Falcon	guitarist
occupation	Yehoram Gaon (Hebrew: יהורם גאון) (informally, Yoram Gaon) (born December 28, 1939) is an Israeli singer, actor, director, producer, TV and radio host, and public figure.	Yehoram Gaon	singer
occupation	Shota Malashkhia (Georgian: შოთა მალაშხია; born 17 September 1962) is a Georgian politician and the member of the Parliament of Georgia of the 8th convocation from the United National Movement party (UNM).	Shota Malashkhia	politician
occupation	Dr. Thomas Wynne (July 20, 1627 -- March 17, 1691) was personal physician of William Penn and one of the original settlers of Philadelphia in the Province of Pennsylvania.	Thomas Wynne	physician
occupation	Richard Wiley (born November 19, 1944) is an American novelist and short story writer whose first novel, Soldiers in Hiding won the 1987 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction.	Richard Wiley	novelist
occupation	Jorge Ángel Livraga Rizzi (September 3, 1930 -- October 7, 1991) was an Argentinian poet, novelist, philosopher, essayist, educator and lecturer of Italian heritage best known for having founded and directed New Acropolis, an international philosophical educational and cultural organisation, which is considered as a sect in some countries.	Jorge Ángel Livraga Rizzi	philosopher
occupation	Charles Chalmers is a saxophonist, session musician, backup singer, songwriter and producer.	Charles Chalmers	musician
occupation	Karel Wellner (March 5, 1875 in Unhošť -- June 14, 1926 in Olomouc) was a Czech graphic artist, painter, cartoonist, illustrator, art historian and critic.	Karel Wellner	painter
occupation	Vince O'Brien (c. 1919 -- June 19, 2010) was an American character actor, who appeared as a doctor in Woody Allen's film Annie Hall and appeared on television and in print ads as the Shell Answer Man.	Vince O'Brien	actor
occupation	Lars Ulrik Mortensen is a Danish harpsichordist and conductor largely in Baroque solo and chamber music and Early music repertory.	Lars Ulrik Mortensen	conductor
occupation	Mary Hiester Reid (born Reading, Pennsylvania, 1854; died Toronto, Ontario, 1921) was an American painter and teacher.	Mary Hiester Reid	painter	teacher
occupation	Peter Sailly (April 20, 1754 -- March 16, 1826) was a politician and public official from Plattsburgh, New York.	Peter Sailly	politician
occupation	Elsie Janis (March 16, 1889 -- February 26, 1956) was an American singer, songwriter, actress, and screenwriter.	Elsie Janis	singer	screenwriter
occupation	Lumen Martin Winter (December 12, 1908 -- April 5, 1982) was an American muralist, sculptor, painter and mosaic artist.	Lumen Martin Winter	painter
occupation	Manjunath Mural, (born 10 May 1973) is the executive chef of The Song of India restaurant in Singapore and has won several awards as a chef and for The Song of India.	Manjunath Mural	chef
occupation	Shoojit Sircar (Bengali: সুজিত সরকার) is an Indian film director and producer.	Shoojit Sircar	film director
occupation	Rafael Suárez (born 23 March 1972) is a Venezuelan Olympian fencer and USA international team fencer.	Rafael Suárez	fencer
occupation	Nick Flynn (born January 26, 1960) is an American writer, playwright, and poet.	Nick Flynn	writer
occupation	Kim Massie is an African-American blues and soul singer who performs mostly in her native St. Louis, Missouri.	Kim Massie	singer
occupation	Artie Matthews (November 15, 1888 -- October 25, 1958) was a songwriter, pianist, and ragtime composer.	Artie Matthews	songwriter	composer
occupation	Bonnie Rotten (born Alaina Hicks on May 9, 1993) is an American pornographic actress, feature dancer, fetish model, director, and producer.	Bonnie Rotten	model
occupation	Helmuth Gräff (born April 12, 1958 in Gars am Kamp) is an Austrian painter, poet and drawer.	Helmuth Gräff	painter
occupation	Frederick William Wilson (26 March 1844 -- 26 May 1924), was a British Liberal Party politician and newspaper owner.	Frederick William Wilson	politician
occupation	Omair Ahmad is an Indian writer whose book Jimmy the Terrorist was shortlisted for the 2009 Man Asian Literary Prize.	Omair Ahmad	writer
occupation	Moshe Koussevitzky (Hebrew: משה קוסביצקי‎, Polish: Mosze Kusewicki; June 9, 1899, Smarhoń - August 23, 1966, New York) was a cantor and vocalist.	Moshe Koussevitzky	cantor
occupation	Louis Braun (1836--1916) was a German painter, mostly of battle scenes.	Louis Braun	painter
occupation	John Henry Waddell (born February 14, 1921) is an American sculptor, painter and educator.	John Henry Waddell	painter
occupation	Ellis Clary (September 11, 1916 -- June 2, 2000), nicknamed ``Cat'', was an American professional baseball player, coach and scout.	Ellis Clary	baseball player
occupation	David Blocker (born May 4, 1955) is a film producer and the son of actor Dan Blocker.	David Blocker	film producer
occupation	Gnaeus Aufidius Orestes (died 1st century BC) was a Roman politician who was elected consul in 71 BC.	Gnaeus Aufidius Orestes	politician
occupation	Luiz Philipe Lins (born August 17, 1985) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist, who competes in the Light Heavyweight division.	Philipe Lins	mixed martial artist
occupation	Giorgi Nakashidze (გიორგი ნაკაშიძე; born on July 23, 1971 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a Georgian film, Television and stage actor.	Giorgi Nakashidze	actor
occupation	Chris Mandia is an American playwright, screenwriter, film director, and Iraq War veteran from San Pedro, California.	Chris Mandia	film director
occupation	Bruce M. Mitchell (November 16, 1883 -- September 26, 1952) was an American film director and writer active during the silent film era from 1914 to 1934.	Bruce M. Mitchell	film director
occupation	Arsher Ali is a British actor who rose to prominence after playing the role of Hassan Malik in the Chris Morris-directed comedy film Four Lions.	Arsher Ali	actor
occupation	Paul Grof is a psychiatrist in Canada who was a member of the World Health Organization committee that evaluated ecstasy.	Paul Grof	psychiatrist
occupation	Kila Haoda is a Papua New Guinean politician, owner of the March Girls Resort on Gaire black beach.	Kila Haoda	politician
occupation	Mansour Seck is a blind Senegalese singer and musician born in Podor, in the north of the country.	Mansour Seck	singer
occupation	John R. Cherry III is an American film director and screenwriter, most notable for directing movies starring Jim Varney as Ernest P. Worrell.	John R. Cherry III	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Jeffrey Lesser is an U.S. based historian of Latin America who, as of 2010, is the Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor and chair of the History Department at Emory University.	Jeffrey Lesser	historian
occupation	Alan Shacklock (born 20 June 1950) is an English musician, composer, arranger and recording producer who currently lives and works in Nashville, Tennessee.	Alan Shacklock	composer
occupation	Dara Daivari (born April 30, 1984) is an American professional wrestler, currently performing on the independent circuit as Shawn Daivari.	Shawn Daivari	professional wrestler
occupation	Giovanni Battista Rogeri (ca. 1642 -- ca. 1710) was an Italian luthier, who for much of his mature life worked in Brescia.	Giovanni Battista Rogeri	luthier
occupation	Neil M. Cohen (born February 11, 1951) is an American Democratic Party politician, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1994 to 2008 (and also from 1990-1991), where he represented the 20th Legislative District.	Neil M. Cohen	politician
occupation	Claire Rachel Wilkinson, better known by her stage name Clairity is an American singer and songwriter signed to Lava Records.	Clairity	singer
occupation	Tiberiu Popoviciu (1906--1975) was a Romanian mathematician and the namesake of Popoviciu's inequality and Popoviciu's inequality on variances.	Tiberiu Popoviciu	mathematician
occupation	George C. Mathews was an American economist who served as a member of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under Franklin Delano Roosevelt from 1934 to 1940.	George C. Mathews	economist
occupation	Jeff Tamarkin is an American editor, author and historian specializing in music and popular culture.	Jeff Tamarkin	historian
occupation	Franca Iacovetta is a ``feminist/socialist'' historian of labour and migration currently working at the University of Toronto.	Franca Iacovetta	historian
occupation	Chris Gainor is a historian of technology specializing in space exploration and aeronautics.	Chris Gainor	historian
occupation	Joseph Zähringer (often written Josef, March 15, 1929 -- July 22, 1970) was a German physicist.	Joseph Zähringer	physicist
occupation	Ferenc Csentery (December 29, 1937 - November 7, 2014) was an abstract metal sculptor known for his conceptual work related to the emergence of the US Space Program in the 1960s.	Ferenc Csentery	sculptor
occupation	Peesapati Narasimha Murty (Telugu: పీసపాటి నరసింహమూర్తి) (July 10, 1920 - September 28, 2007) was a Telugu stage actor.	Peesapati Narasimha Murty	actor
occupation	Peter Payne (c. 1380 -- c. 1455) was an English theologian, diplomat, Lollard and Taborite.	Peter Payne	diplomat
occupation	Nugent Grant was a legendary Madras lawyer of British origin who served in the Madras High Court.	Nugent Grant	lawyer
occupation	Kate Elliott is the pen name of American fantasy and science fiction writer Alis A. Rasmussen (born 1958).	Kate Elliott	writer
occupation	In 1968 Astra Klovāne graduated from the Latvian University Foreign Language Faculty and worked as a journalist.	Astra Klovāne	journalist
occupation	Robin Swann is a politician in Northern Ireland who was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2011.	Robin Swann	politician
occupation	Maria Claire Adorna (born July 13, 1993) is a professional Filipina triathlete and swimmer.	Maria Claire Adorna	swimmer
occupation	Melvin Spencer Newman (March 10, 1908 -- May 30, 1993) was an American chemist, Ohio State University professor, best known for inventing the Newman projection.	Melvin Spencer Newman	chemist
occupation	David Delmar Watson (July 1, 1926 -- October 26, 2008) was an American child actor and news photographer.	Delmar Watson	actor	photographer
occupation	Henry Czerny (/ˈtʃɛərni/; born February 8, 1959) is a Canadian film, stage and television actor, best known for his role as Conrad Grayson on the ABC primetime soap opera Revenge.	Henry Czerny	actor
occupation	Anson Williams (born September 25, 1949) is an American actor and director, best known for his role as gullible but well-intentioned singer Warren ``Potsie'' Weber on the television series Happy Days.	Anson Williams	actor
occupation	Malcolm David Kelley (born May 12, 1992), sometimes credited as just Malcolm Kelley, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and actor.	Malcolm David Kelley	singer, songwriter	actor
occupation	Kevin Rodney Sullivan (born August 3, 1958) is an American film and television actor and film director.	Kevin Rodney Sullivan	film director
occupation	Mary Lea Johnson Richards (August 20, 1926 -- May 3, 1990) was an American heiress, entrepreneur, and Broadway producer.	Mary Lea Johnson Richards	entrepreneur
occupation	Stephen Wilcox, Jr. (February 12, 1830 -- November 27, 1893) was an American inventor, best known as the co-inventor (with George Herman Babcock) of the water-tube boiler.	Stephen Wilcox	inventor
occupation	Radha Cuadrado (born December 13, 1976), popularly known as Radha Tinsay or simply as RADHA, is a Filipino singer and songwriter best known as an original member of the international hip-hop group Kulay (previously known as ``Boom'') and was also part of the group ``14-K''.	Radha Cuadrado	singer	songwriter
occupation	Bernat de Palaol or de Mallorques (Catalan pronunciation: (bərˈnad də pəɫəˈɔɫ)) (fl. 1386) was a Catalan troubadour and merchant from Majorca.	Bernat de Palaol	troubadour
occupation	Dennis DeYoung (born February 18, 1947) is an American singer, songwriter, musician and producer best known for being a founding member of the rock band Styx as lead vocalist and keyboardist, a tenure that lasted from 1970 until June 1999.	Dennis DeYoung	singer, songwriter
occupation	Thangeswary Kathiraman is a Sri Lankan Tamil politician and former Member of Parliament.	Thangeswary Kathiraman	politician
occupation	Ankur Poseria (born March 16, 1987) is an Indian-American swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Ankur Poseria	swimmer
occupation	Hajnalka Tóth (born 27 August 1976) is a Hungarian fencer, team World champion in 1999 and 2002, team European champion in 2001.	Hajnalka Tóth	fencer
occupation	Ahron Young is an Australian journalist currently serving as the Melbourne bureau chief and anchor for Sky News Australia.	Ahron Young	journalist
occupation	Dustin Patrick Runnels (born April 11, 1969) is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to WWE under the ring name Goldust.	Goldust	professional wrestler
occupation	Klaus Merz, (born October 3, 1945 in Aarau, canton Aargau) is a Swiss writer.	Klaus Merz	writer
occupation	Justus Doolittle (simplified Chinese: 卢公明; traditional Chinese: 盧公明; Pinyin: Lú Gōngmíng; Foochow Romanized: Lù Gŭng-mìng; June 23, 1824 - June 15, 1880) was an American Board missionary to China.	Justus Doolittle	missionary
occupation	Esther Gentle was a New York City sculptor, painter, printmaker, and gallery manager.	Esther Gentle	painter	printmaker
occupation	Bevan Davies is an American musician best known as the drummer for the groups Still Rain, Madfly, Comes with the Fall and Danzig while he is currently a member of MonstrO, a group he formed with former members of Bloodsimple and Torche.	Bevan Davies	musician
occupation	Vidadi Isgandarov is an Azerbaijani human rights activist and politician.	Vidadi Isgandarov	politician
occupation	Tara Nelson is a Canadian television journalist and news anchor, and most recently was the European bureau chief for Global Television Network's news division.	Tara Nelson	journalist
occupation	Ralph Randles Stewart (April 15, 1890 -- November 6, 1993) usually referred to as R. R. Stewart, was an American botanist who spent his career teaching and studying plants in Pakistan.	Ralph Randles Stewart	botanist
occupation	Mary McDermott (fl. 1832) was an Irish poet.	Mary McDermott	poet
occupation	Solomon Bundy (May 22, 1823 -- January 13, 1889) was an attorney and politician, a United States Representative from New York.	Solomon Bundy	politician
occupation	In 2014, he was made a Member of the Order of Ontario in recognition for being a gifted singer and songwriter who has performed across the globe using his success to raise millions of dollars through the Justin Hines Foundation for dozens of charities throughout the world.	Justin Hines	singer and songwriter
occupation	Aurélie Malaussena is a retired French artistic gymnast.	Aurélie Malaussena	artistic gymnast
occupation	Pilar Zeta is an Argentinean artist, graphic designer, and fashion designer best known for her surrealist album covers.	Pilar Zeta	fashion designer
occupation	Zang Maoxun (Chinese: 臧懋循; pinyin: Zāng Màoxún; 1550--1620) was a Ming dynasty Chinese playwright and drama theorist from Changxing, Zhejiang province.	Zang Maoxun	playwright
occupation	Bartolomeo Marchionni (late 15th to early 16th century) was a Florentine merchant established in Lisbon during the Age of Discovery.	Bartolomeo Marchionni	merchant
occupation	Hao Weiya (Chinese 郝维亚, born Xian) is a Chinese composer.	Hao Weiya	composer
occupation	A. B. Walawalkar was an Indian Railway engineer who was the founder of Konkan Railway.	A. B. Walawalkar	engineer
occupation	Petros Serghiou Florides is a Greek physicist who has worked in Ireland.	Petros Serghiou Florides	physicist
occupation	Kid Lavigne became a professional boxer in 1886 and was undefeated with 32 wins, 11 draws, 10 no decisions and 1 no contest in his first 54 fights over a span of 12 and 1/2 years.	Kid Lavigne	boxer
occupation	Luciano Quiñones Lugo (born June 22, 1948), is a pianist and a composer of Modern Puerto Rican Danzas.	Luciano Quiñones	composer
occupation	Michael Maniaci (born in 1976) is an American opera singer.	Michael Maniaci	opera singer
occupation	Jennifer Roos (born July 17, 1971) is the head women's basketball coach for the Bowling Green Falcons women's basketball team.	Jennifer Roos	basketball coach
occupation	Mohit Chauhan (born 11 March 1966) is an Indian singer, most known for his work as a playback singer for Bollywood movies as well as the former front-man of the Indipop band Silk Route.	Mohit Chauhan	singer
occupation	Anat Blumenfeld is an Israeli research biochemist at Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem.	Anat Blumenfeld	biochemist
occupation	Johann Hildebrand, also Hildebrandt (June 1614 in Pretzsch an der Elbe -- July 5, 1684) was a German composer, organist, and poet.	Johann Hildebrand	composer
occupation	She used the name Ruth VanSickle Ford, when it was unusual to maintain the maiden surname, because she would often get notes intended for Ruth Ford, a local strip-tease artist.	Ruth VanSickle Ford	artist
occupation	Daniel Pearl (October 10, 1963 -- February 1, 2002) was a journalist with American and Israeli citizenship.	Daniel Pearl	journalist
occupation	Jimmy Hamilton (May 25, 1917 -- September 20, 1994) was an American jazz clarinetist, tenor saxophonist, arranger, composer, and music educator, best known for his twenty-five years with Duke Ellington.	Jimmy Hamilton	clarinetist
occupation	Fesshaye Yohannes (born c. 1955, death year unknown) was an Eritrean journalist who founded the weekly journal Setit and was a recipient of the Committee to Protect Journalists' 2002 International Press Freedom Award.	Fesshaye Yohannes	journalist
occupation	Michael French (born Michael Clark) is an English actor, known for his roles as David Wicks in EastEnders, and consultant Nick Jordan in Casualty and former cardiothoracic registrar in its spin-off series Holby City.	Michael French	actor
occupation	Alejandro Wehner was an Argentinian film director.	Alejandro Wehner	film director
occupation	Elizabeth T. Stefanics (born November 9, 1950), known as Liz Stefanics, is an American politician from New Mexico, currently serving on the Santa Fe County Commission.	Liz Stefanics	politician
occupation	Jean-Marie Tjibaou (January 30, 1936 -- May 4, 1989) was a leader of the Kanak independence movement and a politician in New Caledonia.	Jean-Marie Tjibaou	politician
occupation	Joe M. O'Connell is an American novelist, short story writer, photographer and journalist based in Austin, Texas.	Joe M. O'Connell	novelist	journalist
occupation	Sir Frederick William Borden, KCMG, PC (May 14, 1847 -- January 6, 1917) was a Canadian politician.	Frederick William Borden	politician
occupation	Wendilyn Marielle Caitlin Brennan (born February 14, 1969), better known by her stage name Cait Brennan, is an American singer-songwriter, pianist, guitarist and screenwriter.	Cait Brennan	singer-songwriter
occupation	Prior to the break-out performance of ``Thrift Shop'', Wanz was a full-time software test engineer for companies such as Microsoft, Adapx, and Volt.	Wanz	engineer
occupation	Delmer J. Yoakum (December 6, 1915 -- October 25, 1996) was an American fine artist, oil and watercolor painter, designer, serigrapher, Disneyland and Hollywood motion picture studio scenic artist.	Delmer J. Yoakum	painter
occupation	Pinjala Ananda Rao was an Indian film producer known for his work in Telugu cinema.	Pinjala Ananda Rao	film producer
occupation	Daphna Greenstein (Hebrew: דפנה גרינשטיין‎; born 1952) is an Israeli Architect and Landscape architect.	Daphna Greenstein	architect
occupation	Jeet Singh is an Indian-American business entrepreneur and singer, musician and songwriter.	Jeet Singh	musician
occupation	In the manuscripts, the writer is variously named as Julius Florus, Lucius Anneus Florus, or simply Annaeus Florus.	Florus	writer
occupation	Chike Obi (April 17, 1921 -- March 13, 2008) was a Nigerian politician, mathematician and professor.	Chike Obi	mathematician
occupation	Frank L. Anderson (born January 19, 1957) is an American animator, director, author, and musician.	Frank L. Anderson	musician
occupation	Oisin Gough (born 4 April 1989) is an inter-county senior hurler with Dublin and Cuala.	Oisin Gough	hurler
occupation	Liz Hengber is an American songwriter and musician based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Liz Hengber	songwriter
occupation	John C. Dearie (born March 23, 1940) is an American lawyer and politician from New York.	John C. Dearie	politician
occupation	Amos Henry Worthen (1813-1888) was an American geologist and paleontologist from Illinois.	Amos Henry Worthen	geologist	paleontologist
occupation	Antonella Scanavino Crespo (born October 30, 1992 in Maldonado) is a Uruguayan swimmer, who specialized in butterfly and individual medley events.	Antonella Scanavino	swimmer
occupation	Another plate, of The Last Judgment, is signed ``Cornelis Boel fecit'', with no indication of the name of the painter.	Cornelis Boel	painter
occupation	Richard H. Collin (born Richard Harvey Collin; March 4, 1932 -- January 19, 2010, or January 20, 2010) was an American historian, university professor, food critic, and cookbook writer.	Richard H. Collin	historian
occupation	Kevin C. Fitzpatrick (born January 10, 1966), is an American historian and non-fiction writer.	Kevin C. Fitzpatrick	writer
occupation	Alicia Douvall (born Sarah Howes) is an English model, and reality TV participant.	Alicia Douvall	model
occupation	Diego Rafecas is an Argentine actor and director.	Diego Rafecas	actor
occupation	Rachel Amanda (born January 1, 1995) is an Indonesian child actress and singer.	Rachel Amanda	singer
occupation	Paul Severson (1929 -- May 20, 2007), was an American music arranger and composer who wrote some of the most recognizable commercial music of our time.	Paul Severson	composer
occupation	Zera Luther Tanner (December 5, 1835 -- December 16, 1906), sometimes spelled Zero, was an American naval officer, inventor, and oceanographer.	Zera Luther Tanner	officer	oceanographer
occupation	Charles Ethan Porter (c. 1847 -- March 6, 1923) was an American still life painter and among relatively few African Americans of the nineteenth and early 20th century to work as a professonal artist.	Charles Ethan Porter	painter
occupation	Kevin Dwight Daniels Jr., known as Kevin Daniels (born December 9, 1976), is an American actor who started his career with a supporting role in the 1998 film Twelfth Night, or What You Will by director Nicholas Hytner.	Kevin Daniels	actor
occupation	Sudhir Pattnaik is a journalist and a social activist from Orissa, India.	Sudhir Pattnaik	journalist
occupation	Malgorzata Nowacka (born 1984) is a Canadian contemporary choreographer and dancer.	Malgorzata Nowacka	choreographer
occupation	Abdul Ghafoor (Urdu: عبد الغفور‎), also known as Ghafer Shahzad, is a Pakistani architect.	Ghafer Shahzad	architect
occupation	Surajit Chaudhuri is a computer scientist best known for his contributions to database management systems.	Surajit Chaudhuri	computer scientist
occupation	Simbo Olorunfemi is a Nigerian poet, journalist, and business person with a background in TV production and brand management.	Simbo Olorunfemi	journalist
occupation	H. F. Lowe (full name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire.	H. F. Lowe	cricketer
occupation	Wally Vernon (1905 -- March 7, 1970) was an American comic and character actor and dancer.	Wally Vernon	actor
occupation	Julia Powers is a Russian-American ballroom dancer, and was born in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Julia Powers	dancer
occupation	Gale Wilhelm (April 6, 1908 -- July 11, 1991) was an American writer most noted for two books that featured lesbian themes written in the 1930s:	Gale Wilhelm	writer
occupation	Don Friday (born April 17, 1968) is an American college basketball coach, and the former head men's basketball coach at Saint Francis University, being named to the post in April 2008.	Don Friday	basketball coach
occupation	Bob Weinstock (October 2, 1928 -- January 14, 2006) was an American record producer best known for his label Prestige Records, established in 1949, which was responsible for many significant jazz recordings during his more than two decades operating the firm.	Bob Weinstock	record producer
occupation	Lawrence Clark Powell (September 3, 1906--March 14, 2001) was a librarian, literary critic, bibliographer and author of more than 100 books.	Lawrence Clark Powell	librarian
occupation	Glen Alvelais (born February 22, 1968) is a heavy metal lead guitarist from the San Francisco Bay Area.	Glen Alvelais	guitarist
occupation	Jane Fonda (born Jayne Seymour Fonda; December 21, 1937) is an American actress, writer, political activist, former fashion model and fitness guru.	Jane Fonda	writer
occupation	Raymond Lefèvre (November 20, 1929 -- June 27, 2008) was a French easy listening orchestra leader, arranger and composer.	Raymond Lefèvre	composer
occupation	William Lee Barefield III (born December 17, 1987), better known by his stage name Trip Lee, is an American Southern rapper, singer, poet, and author.	Trip Lee	rapper
occupation	Pete Hamill (born June 24, 1935) is an American journalist, novelist, essayist, editor and educator.	Pete Hamill	journalist	editor
occupation	Jean Habel (born January 9, 1988) is a Canadian politician in Quebec, who was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 2014 election.	Jean Habel	politician
occupation	Marcos Witt (born May 19, 1962) is an American Christian singer and pastor.	Marcos Witt	singer
occupation	Mohammad Saba'aneh (Arabic: محمد سباعنة ‎) (born in Jenin district in 1978) is a Palestinian painter and caricaturist from Jenin district.	Mohammad Saba'aneh	painter	caricaturist
occupation	Jerome Solon Felder (June 27, 1925 -- March 14, 1991), known as Doc Pomus, was an American blues singer and songwriter.	Doc Pomus	singer	songwriter
occupation	Nayanthara started dating actor-director Prabhu Deva in 2008.	Nayanthara	actor
occupation	Gianni Lunadei (May 1, 1938 -- June 17, 1998) was an Italian Argentine actor.	Gianni Lunadei	actor
occupation	Peter Paul Fix (March 13, 1901 -- October 14, 1983) was an American film and television character actor, best known for his work in Westerns.	Paul Fix	actor
occupation	Jan Mikulicz-Radecki (German: Johann Freiherr von Mikulicz-Radecki) was a Polish-Austrian surgeon.	Jan Mikulicz-Radecki	surgeon
occupation	Sheila D. Wheat is an Atlanta-based singer of jazz, theater and gospel inspiration.	Sheila D. Wheat	singer
occupation	Alfredo Da Silva (born February 20, 1935) is a painter, graphic artist, and photographer, known for his abstract expressionism.	Alfredo Da Silva	painter
occupation	Ruben Santiago-Hudson (born November 24, 1956) is an American actor, playwright, and director who has won national awards for his work in all three categories.	Ruben Santiago-Hudson	actor	playwright
occupation	Mary Ann Hanway was an eighteenth-century travel writer and novelist.	Mary Ann Hanway	novelist
occupation	John Gidding (born January 7, 1977) is a Turkish-American architect, television personality, and former fashion model.	John Gidding	architect
occupation	Ann Hui On-Wah, MBE (traditional Chinese: 許鞍華; simplified Chinese: 许鞍华; pinyin: Xǔ Ānhuá; Hepburn: Kyo Anka; born 23 May 1947) is a Hong Kong actress, director, producer and occasional screenwriter.	Ann Hui	screenwriter
occupation	Laudadio Rambaldo (late 14th century) was an Italian painter active in Ferrara, also known as Rambaldo di Ferrara.	Laudadio Rambaldo	painter
occupation	John Stagliano (born November 29, 1951), also known as Buttman, is an American entrepreneur, former pornographic actor, producer and director, who founded and owns the Evil Angel pornographic film studio.	John Stagliano	pornographic actor
occupation	Rudolf Fitzner ( May 4, 1868 -- February 2, 1934) was an Austrian violinist and music teacher.	Rudolf Fitzner	violinist
occupation	Dick Power was a Welsh professional heavyweight boxer.	Dick Power	boxer
occupation	Li Xuemei (Chinese: 李雪梅; pinyin: Lǐ Xuěméi; born February 1, 1977 in Guanghan, Sichuan) is a retired Chinese sprinter.	Li Xuemei	sprinter
occupation	Michael Wookey (March 23, 1983) is an English singer-songwriter and composer born in Southampton.	Michael Wookey	singer-songwriter
occupation	Leonard Kleinrock (born June 13, 1934) is an American engineer and computer scientist.	Leonard Kleinrock	computer scientist
occupation	James P. Crutchfield (born 1955) is an American mathematician, and physicist.	James P. Crutchfield	physicist
occupation	Anna Sui (tc: 蕭志美, sc: 萧志美, pinyin: Xiāo Zhìměi, jp: アナスイ) (born August 4, 1964) is an American fashion designer.	Anna Sui	designer
occupation	Heinrich Koebner (German spelling Köbner); (December 2, 1838 -- September 3, 1904) was a German-Jewish dermatologist born in Breslau.	Heinrich Koebner	dermatologist
occupation	Kit Oppus (born Ann Mariquit Derito-Oppus) is a Filipino politician in Tagbilaran City, Bohol, Philippines.	Kit Oppus	politician
occupation	Jean Pierre Trevor (also known as ``JP Trevor'') is an American contemporary artist and production designer.	Jean Pierre Trevor	production designer
occupation	Mario Trujillo García (January 21, 1920 -- January 10, 2007) was a Mexican politician who served as Governor of Tabasco.	Mario Trujillo García	politician
occupation	Dominique Piotet is a French author, journalist and consultant residing in San Francisco, California.	Dominique Piotet	journalist
occupation	Aharon Lichtenstein (May 23, 1933 -- April 20, 2015) was a noted Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva.	Aharon Lichtenstein	rabbi
occupation	James Michael Reaves (born September 14, 1950) is an American writer, known for his contributions as scriptwriter and story editor to a number of 1980s and 1990s animated television series, including Disney's Gargoyles and Batman:	Michael Reaves	writer
occupation	Quincy Tahoma (1921--1956) was a Navajo painter from Arizona and New Mexico.	Quincy Tahoma	painter
occupation	The Reverend Ernest Frederick Waddy, known as Mick Waddy, (5 October 1880 -- 23 September 1958) was an Australian clergyman, schoolmaster and a cricketer who played first-class cricket before the First World War for New South Wales and then from 1919 to 1922 in England for Warwickshire.	Mick Waddy	cricketer
occupation	Lyman James Briggs (May 7, 1874 -- March 25, 1963) was an American engineer, physicist and administrator.	Lyman James Briggs	engineer	physicist
occupation	Ned Crotty (born September 26, 1986) is a MLL professional lacrosse player, formerly of the NCAA Division I college lacrosse team in Duke University.	Ned Crotty	lacrosse player
occupation	Edgardo Enríquez Frödden (Spanish pronunciation: (eðˈɣarðo enˈrikes); February 9, 1912 - November 1, 1996) was a Chilean physician, academic and minister of education under the Salvador Allende government.	Edgardo Enríquez	physician
occupation	Jamaluddin Ahmed (born January 5, 1977 in Jessore, Khulna) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who has played in one ODI, in 2003.	Jamaluddin Ahmed	cricketer
occupation	Tina Louise (born Tina Blacker, February 11, 1934) is an American actress, singer, and author.	Tina Louise	singer
occupation	Lyon Gardiner Tyler, Sr. (August 24, 1853 -- February 12, 1935) was an American educator and historian.	Lyon Gardiner Tyler	historian
occupation	James McGrigor Allan (1827 - after 1890) was a British anthropologist and writer.	James McGrigor Allan	anthropologist	writer
occupation	Adrienne King (born July 21 , 1955) is an American actress, dancer and painter.	Adrienne King	dancer
occupation	Debora Green (née Jones; February 28, 1951) is an American physician who pled no contest to setting a 1995 fire which burned down her family's home and killed two of her children, and to poisoning her husband with ricin with the intention of causing his death.	Debora Green	physician
occupation	Renee Schulte (born December 9, 1970) is an American politician who is the Iowa State Representative for the 37th District.	Renee Schulte	politician
occupation	Augusto De Marsanich (April 13, 1893 -- February 10, 1973) was an Italian National Fascist Party politician and the second leader of the Italian Social Movement (MSI).	Augusto De Marsanich	politician
occupation	Darshan Jariwala (Gujarati: દર્શન જરીવાલા) (born 29 September 1958) is a Gujarati film, television and stage actor.	Darshan Jariwala	actor
occupation	J Boy is a singer and songwriter from Mount Isa. He is a former member of Native Ryme Syndicate and released his solo debut CD in 2002.	J Boy	singer
occupation	Rafael Natal Diniz Franca (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁafaˈew naˈtaw)) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division of the UFC.	Rafael Natal	mixed martial artist
occupation	Andre Lindal (born February 19, 1977) is a Norwegian songwriter, record producer and musician from Oslo, now based in Los Angeles.	Andre Lindal	songwriter	record producer	musician
occupation	Harry Shannon (born December 4, 1948) is an American novelist, songwriter and entertainer.	Harry Shannon	novelist	songwriter
occupation	Cesare Baglioni (c. 1525--1590, born in Bologna) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.	Cesare Baglioni	painter
occupation	Michael-Leon Wooley (born March 29, 1971) is an American television, film, voice and theatre actor, singer and activist.	Michael-Leon Wooley	actor
occupation	Hammad Siddiqi (born July 29, 1979) is a U.S.A based Pakistani economist, banker and social commentator.	Hammad Siddiqi	economist
occupation	Oded Fehr (Hebrew: עודד פהר‎; born on November 23, 1970) is an Israeli film and television actor now based in the United States.	Oded Fehr	actor
occupation	Lance Timothy Evers (born April 3, 1969), known professionally by his ring name Lance Storm, is a Canadian professional wrestler.	Lance Storm	professional wrestler
occupation	Carol Selman is a historian, writer, and teacher who has served on the New Jersey Historical Commission, the state agency that preserve the historical record of the state.	Carol Selman	historian	writer
occupation	August Johann Gottfried Bielenstein (Latvian: Augusts Bīlenšteins) (March 4, 1826 -- July 6, 1907) was a Baltic German linguist, folklorist, ethnographer, and theologian.	August Johann Gottfried Bielenstein	linguist
occupation	Johnny DiCarsano (born Johnathan Giuseppe DiCarsano in Connecticut, May 2, 1981 -- April 26, 1997, Brooklyn, New York) was an American actor.	Johnny DiCarsano	actor
occupation	Rick Kriseman (born August 2, 1962) is a Democratic politician who currently serves as the Mayor of St. Petersburg, Florida.	Rick Kriseman	politician
occupation	Ida Lilliard Reed (November 30, 1865 -- July 8, 1951) was an American religious writer and music composer from Barbour County, West Virginia.	Ida Lilliard Reed	composer
occupation	Beatriz Ramo (January 11, 1979, Zaragoza) is a Spanish architect and urbanist living and working in Rotterdam where she opened her own architecture firm STAR strategies + architecture in 2006.	Beatriz Ramo	architect
occupation	Adrian Lamo (born February 20, 1981) is a Colombian-American threat analyst and former hacker.	Adrian Lamo	hacker
occupation	Solomone Naivalu is a former Fijian politician, who served in Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase's Cabinet as Minister for Health from 2001 to 2006.	Solomone Naivalu	politician
occupation	Thomas Philander Ryder (June 29, 1836 - December 2, 1887) was an American composer, organist, teacher, conductor, and organ builder.	Thomas Philander Ryder	composer
occupation	Grigori Mints (June 7, 1939 -- May 29, 2014) was a Russian philosopher and mathematician who worked in mathematical logic.	Grigori Mints	philosopher
occupation	Paul Fong (Chinese: 方文忠; pinyin: Fāng Wénzhōng) (born August 5, 1952) is an American politician.	Paul Fong	politician
occupation	Ruth Stone (June 8, 1915 -- November 19, 2011) was an American poet, author, and teacher.	Ruth Stone	poet
occupation	Blackbear Bosin (June 5, 1921 -- August 9, 1980) was a Comanche-Kiowa sculptor and painter, also known as Tsate Kongia.	Blackbear Bosin	sculptor	painter
occupation	Simone Balsamino (Venice, fl. 1590s) was an Italian composer, poet and dramatist.	Simone Balsamino	composer
occupation	Michael Mazo is a film director, writer and producer whose works are mainly in the action, horror and science fiction genres, but whose work also includes a documentary about ice hockey.	Michael Mazo	film director
occupation	Hidetaka Monma (門馬秀貴) (October 23, 1973), is a Japanese mixed martial artist.	Hidetaka Monma	mixed martial artist
occupation	Daniel Bernard Roumain (known by his initials, DBR) is a classically trained composer, performer, violinist, and band-leader noted for blending funk, rock, hip-hop and classical music into an energetic and experiential sonic form.	Daniel Bernard Roumain	composer
occupation	Andrew Shipp (born 10 July 1979) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Fremantle in the Australian Football League (AFL) between 1999 and 2002.	Andrew Shipp	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Victor Zagainov (May 31, 1953 - October 5, 2002) was a hot air balloon pilot and astronomer from Kazakhstan.	Victor Zagainov	astronomer
occupation	Kent Broadhurst (born February 4, 1940) is an American actor, playwright, and screenwriter.	Kent Broadhurst	actor
occupation	Justin A. Nylander is an American born author and photographer.	Justin A. Nylander	photographer
occupation	Mike Jimenez is an American professional boxer in the Super Middleweight division.	Mike Jimenez	boxer
occupation	Donald Eugene Ulrich (August 15, 1941 -- July 17, 1974), best known by the stage name Don Rich, was a country musician who helped develop the Bakersfield sound in the early 1960s.	Don Rich	musician
occupation	Pavel Khodorkovsky (born June 14, 1985) is a Russian businessman and political activist who has lived in the United States since 2003.	Pavel Khodorkovsky	political activist
occupation	Henry White Edgerton (October 20, 1888 -- February 23, 1970) was a United States federal judge who served on the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit.	Henry White Edgerton	judge
occupation	Ross Friedman (born January 3, 1954, in the Bronx, New York), also known as Ross the Boss, is a guitarist, known as a founding member of both the punk band The Dictators, and the heavy metal band Manowar.	Ross the Boss	guitarist
occupation	Donald A. Coggan is an American engineer and consultant in the field of value engineering.	Donald A. Coggan	engineer
occupation	Trinidad Silva, Jr. (January 30, 1950 -- July 31, 1988) was an American comedian and character actor, who played small supporting roles in a number of films of the 1980s.	Trinidad Silva	actor
occupation	Franklin Benjamin Sanborn (December 15, 1831 -- February 24, 1917) was an American journalist, author, and reformer.	Franklin Benjamin Sanborn	journalist
occupation	Francis Kyte (active 1710 - 1744) was an English engraver and portrait painter.	Francis Kyte	painter
occupation	Frank Ferera (June 12, 1885 - June 26, 1951) was a Hawaiian musician who recorded successfully between 1915 and 1930.	Frank Ferera	musician
occupation	Emin Efendiyev, professionally known as Emin Efendi, (Azerbaijani: Emin Əfəndi) is an Azerbaijani hip hop record producer and television presenter from Baku, Azerbaijan.	Emin Efendi	record producer	television presenter
occupation	Isaac Hasson is a professional musician, songwriter and record producer who is active in Los Angeles.	Isaac Hasson	songwriter
occupation	Anjan Sundaram is a journalist and the author of two books, Stringer:	Anjan Sundaram	journalist
occupation	Filipe La Féria (born May 17, 1945 in Vila Nova de São Bento) is a Portuguese theatre director and producer and screenwriter and producer for television.	Filipe La Féria	screenwriter
occupation	Anthony Dryden Marshall (born Anthony Dryden Kuser; May 30, 1924 -- November 30, 2014) was an American theatrical producer and C.I.A. intelligence officer and ambassador.	Anthony Dryden Marshall	officer
occupation	Marjorie Decker is an American politician serving as the State Representative for the 25th Middlesex district in the Massachusetts General Court.	Marjorie Decker	politician
occupation	Karen Franklin is an American forensic psychologist based in the San Francisco Bay Area who has researched the psychology of violence.	Karen Franklin	psychologist
occupation	Erin Moran, better known by her stage name, A Girl Called Eddy, is an American soul pop singer/songwriter born in Neptune, New Jersey, USA and currently living in England.	A Girl Called Eddy	singer
occupation	Her stage credits are sometimes confused with those of her daughter, Rosalie King, Jr., a child actor turned educator.	Rosalie King	actor
occupation	Justin Brady is a British actor who is best known for playing Billy in The Lakes, James Dewar in Peak Practice, a paramedic in Holby City and he has guest starred in Shameless.	Justin Brady	actor
occupation	Dr Mohammad Ali Sahraian is a prominent neurologist and international researcher currently working in Sina hospital which is affiliated to Tehran University of Medical Sciences.	Mohammad Ali Sahraian	neurologist
occupation	Natalie Warner (born December 19, 1989) is an American singer, songwriter, and producer from Los Angeles, CA.	Natalie Warner	singer
occupation	Cătălin Cherecheș (born July 7, 1978) is a Romanian politician who is currently serving as mayor of Baia Mare since 2011.	Cătălin Cherecheș	politician
occupation	Jon Kral (born 1946) is a photographer born in Florida and presently living in Boone, North Carolina.	Jon Kral	photographer
occupation	Abdul Razaque (born August 17, 1978, Johi, Dadu, Sind, Pakistan) is a Pakistani computer scientist, now based in the U.S., and is expert in designing any type of mathematical models particularly for the disaster recovery process in the field of wireless Sensor Network.	Abdul Razaque	scientist
occupation	Agboola Shadare is an international songwriter, composer and producer.	Agboola Shadare	composer
occupation	Velmurugan is a South Indian film playback singer, who shot to fame with folk songs like Madura in Subramaniapuram and Aadungada in Naadodigal and the recent Otha Sollala in Aadukalam.	Velmurugan	singer
occupation	Tara Kamangar is a classical pianist and composer based in New York City.	Tara Kamangar	composer
occupation	Edward Mote was a pastor and hymn writer.	Edward Mote	pastor
occupation	Burt Wilson (born January 24, 1933) is a philosopher, writer, broadcaster, jazz musician, political activist, playwright, and former advertising executive.	Burt Wilson	jazz musician
occupation	Tomáš Čermák (born February 8, 1943 in Ostrava) is a Czech engineer and rector of VŠB --	Tomáš Čermák	engineer
occupation	John Swaffer (November 10, 1851 -- July 26, 1936) was an English cricketer who played for Kent during the 1873 season.	John Swaffer	cricketer
occupation	Mark Anthony Cooper (April 20, 1800 -- March 17, 1885) was a United States Representative, businessman and lawyer from Georgia.	Mark Anthony Cooper	lawyer
occupation	Arthur Housman (October 10, 1889 -- April 8, 1942) was an American actor in films during both the silent film era and the Golden Age of Hollywood.	Arthur Housman	actor
occupation	Brian Richard, also known as MonkeyMan, (born January 5, 1979) is an American pop artist and graphic designer.	Brian Richard	graphic designer
occupation	Jason Rohrer (born November 14, 1977) is an American computer programmer, writer, musician, and game designer.	Jason Rohrer	writer	musician
occupation	Anthony Peckham is a South African born American screenwriter and producer.	Anthony Peckham	screenwriter
occupation	Chantal Strand (born October 15, 1987) is a Canadian actress, singer, and writer.	Chantal Strand	singer
occupation	Sarah Bear Elizabeth Wishnevsky (born September 22, 1971) is an American author who works primarily in speculative fiction genres, writing under the name Elizabeth Bear.	Elizabeth Bear	author
occupation	Paolo Di Vecchia (* October 29 1942 in Terracina) is an Italian theoretical physicist who worked in the field of elementary particle physics, quantum field theory and string theory.	Paolo Di Vecchia	physicist
occupation	John-Henry Butterworth is an English screenwriter who has co-written several screenplays with his brother Jez Butterworth.	John-Henry Butterworth	screenwriter
occupation	Tom Nowicki is an American actor who has appeared in several feature films, television series, mini-series and movies of the week.	Tom Nowicki	actor
occupation	Barry Graham Purkis, more commonly known as Thunderstick (born 7 December 1954), is an English drummer who wore various masks and used to perform on-stage closed in a cage.	Thunderstick	drummer
occupation	Ivo Indzhev (Bulgarian: Иво Инджев) is an independent Bulgarian journalist, blogger and former TV presenter.	Ivo Indzhev	journalist
occupation	Yehuda Hanani is an international soloist, recording artist, Israeli-American cellist and Professor of Violoncello at the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music.	Yehuda Hanani	cellist
occupation	Gamal Fahnbulleh is an English broadcast journalist and presenter employed by Sky News.	Gamal Fahnbulleh	journalist
occupation	Bill Pere, a multiple-award-winning singer, songwriter, producer, musician, author, and playwright, was named one of the ``Top 50 Innovators, Groundbreakers, Iconoclasts, and Guiding Lights of the Music Industry'' by Music Connection Magazine in December 2008.	Bill Pere	songwriter
occupation	Blathmac mac Con Brettan was an Irish fíle (poet) and monk whose floruit was around 760.	Blathmac mac Con Brettan	poet
occupation	Alan Friedman (born in New York, April 30, 1956) is an American journalist, author and former media executive.	Alan Friedman	journalist
occupation	Curtis John Arceneaux (October 25, 1947 -- November 25, 2011) better known by the name Coco Robicheaux, was an American blues musician and artist, from Ascension Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Coco Robicheaux	artist
occupation	John Weir Troy (October 31, 1868 -- May 2, 1942) was an American Democratic politician who was the Governor of Alaska Territory from 1933 to 1939.	John Weir Troy	politician
occupation	Frank Cho, born Duk Hyun Cho, is a Korean-American comic strip and comic book writer and illustrator, known for his series Liberty Meadows, as well as for books such as Shanna the She-Devil, Mighty Avengers and Hulk for Marvel Comics, and Jungle Girl for Dynamite Entertainment.	Frank Cho	writer
occupation	Tim Saunders is a Cornish language poet who also writes poetry and journalism in the Welsh, Irish, Breton and Cornish languages.	Tim Saunders	poet
occupation	Calvin Veltman is an American sociologist, demographer and sociolinguist at the Université du Québec à Montréal.	Calvin Veltman	sociologist	sociolinguist
occupation	Justin Fox (born January 28, 1964) is an American financial journalist, commentator, and writer born in Morristown, New Jersey.	Justin Fox	journalist
occupation	Georges Renavent (April 23, 1894 -- January 2, 1969) was an American actor in film, Broadway plays and operator of American Grand Guignol.	Georges Renavent	actor
occupation	Gerhard Schulz (June 1, 1931 -- October 2, 2008) was a German equestrian who competed in the sport of eventing.	Gerhard Schulz	equestrian
occupation	Marla Shapiro is a Canadian medical doctor, best known as a health journalist for CTV News Channel and The Globe and Mail.	Marla Shapiro	journalist
occupation	Peggy J. Kleinplatz is a Canadian clinical professor, psychologist, and sexologist whose work often concerns optimal sexuality, opposition to the medicalization of human sexuality, and outreach to marginalized groups.	Peggy J. Kleinplatz	psychologist
occupation	Storm Calysta (born Shannon Behm on February 23, 1993 in Chicago, Illinois, is an American electronic indie musician, singer, and songwriter.	Storm Calysta	singer, and songwriter
occupation	Scott Fischman (born 1980 in Langhorne, Pennsylvania) is an American professional poker player based in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Scott Fischman	poker player
occupation	David Brendan Hopes (born 1950 in Akron, Ohio) is an American author, playwright, and poet.	David Brendan Hopes	playwright
occupation	Guy LeBlanc (October 16, 1960 -- April 27, 2015) was a Canadian keyboardist and composer.	Guy LeBlanc	composer
occupation	Tinka Milinović (born 27 November 1973) is a Bosnian television star and personality, opera singer, recording artist, best-selling author, entrepreneur, philanthropist, actress, and model who appeared on the covers of numerous magazines in Europe.	Tinka Milinović	singer
occupation	Meshell Ndegeocello (/mɪˈʃɛl ndɛˈɡeɪoʊtʃɛloʊ/; born Michelle Lynn Johnson, August 29, 1968) is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, bassist, and vocalist.	Meshell Ndegeocello	singer-songwriter	rapper
occupation	Thomas James Hurst is an American photographer, pastor, and entrepreneur/inventor.	Thomas James Hurst	photographer
occupation	Francesco Antonio Bufalini was a draftsman, copper plate engraver and architect from the circle of Carlo Fontana, working in Rome and Urbino.	Francesco Antonio Bufalini	architect
occupation	Paula Bronstein is an award-winning photojournalist who entered the profession in 1982 in Providence, Rhode Island.	Paula Bronstein	photojournalist
occupation	David Wolfenberger (born April 19, 1969 in Tuscola, Illinois) is a singer-songwriter from Cincinnati, Ohio.	David Wolfenberger	singer-songwriter
occupation	Athanasia Alexopoulos is a Canadian professional wrestler, best known by her ring name She Nay Nay.	She Nay Nay	professional wrestler
occupation	Natasha Katz is a lighting designer for the theatre, dance, and opera.	Natasha Katz	lighting designer
occupation	Martin Davorin-Jagodić is a Croatian contemporary music composer and educator born in Zagreb in 1935.	Martin Davorin-Jagodić	composer
occupation	Xavier Richards (born 25 May 1993) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Xavier Richards	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Sarah Rebecca Parish (November 1, 1869 - August 22, 1952) known as Rebecca Parrish was an American medical missionary and physician in the Philippines.	Rebecca Parrish	physician
occupation	Michael Fawcett, a former senior valet to Charles, Prince of Wales who today consults on various royal projects.	Michael Fawcett	valet
occupation	Major Rajasthani (Punjabi: ਮੇਜਰ ਰਾਜਸਥਾਨੀ/) was a noted Punjabi singer-songwriter of Punjab, India.	Major Rajasthani	singer-songwriter
occupation	Fritz Walther Meissner (German: Meißner) (December 16, 1882 -- November 16, 1974) was a German technical physicist.	Walther Meissner	physicist
occupation	Robin Devenish is a retired physicist at the University of Oxford.	Robin Devenish	physicist
occupation	Dan Pinto is a BMI composer/keyboardist/drummer-percussionist who writes and performs music in the styles of Jazz-Fusion and orchestral Film score and Soundtrack.	Dan Pinto	composer
occupation	Stephanie Robison (born August 5, 1976) is the professional name of Stephanie Robison Baggs, a sculpture artist based in Portland, Oregon.	Stephanie Robison	artist
occupation	Pedro Preux was born in Paris to Roberto Preux, a painter and Sonia Lernau, a sculptor and tapestry weaver.	Pedro Preux	painter
occupation	Jan Klimek (born June 12, 1953) is a Polish politician, best known as a President of Democratic Party (Stronnictwo Demokratyczne) from 1998 to 2002.	Jan Klimek	politician
occupation	Kirk Jones (born November 3, 1973), better known by his stage name Sticky Fingaz, is an American rapper, actor, film director, and record producer.	Sticky Fingaz	rapper	actor
occupation	Hubert Keller is a noted French chef, who is known for his signature restaurants, Fleur de Lys in San Francisco and Las Vegas.	Hubert Keller	chef
occupation	Tini Tom is an Indian film actor and mimicry artist.	Tini Tom	actor
occupation	Rikko Voorberg (born 1980) is a Dutch theologian and minister.	Rikko Voorberg	minister
occupation	Donald J. Metz (May 18, 1924 -- May 9, 1999) was a nuclear engineer at Brookhaven National Laboratory.	Donald J. Metz	engineer
occupation	Im Sang-soo (born April 27, 1962) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.	Im Sang-soo	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Billy Aronson is an American playwright and writer best known for coming up with the original concept of the rock opera Rent, which was based on Puccini's opera La bohème).	Billy Aronson	playwright
occupation	Mohamed Zouaoui (Arabic: محمد الزواوي‎), is a Tunisian-born actor living in Italy.In 2004 he made his first appearance on the television, gets his first role in the TV miniseries Posso chiamarti amore?.	Mohamed Zouaoui	actor
occupation	Dr. Tariq Mustafa (born 1934) is a Pakistani mechanical engineer with a first class honors degree from London University specializing in nuclear and space technology.	Tariq Mustafa	engineer
occupation	Heinrich Kuhl (September 17, 1797 -- September 14, 1821) was a German naturalist and zoologist.	Heinrich Kuhl	naturalist	zoologist
occupation	Miguel Zenón (born December 30, 1976) is an alto saxophonist, composer, bandleader, music producer and educator living in New York City, USA.	Miguel Zenón	saxophonist
occupation	Man-Chung Tang Ph.D., P.E., Dist.M.ASCE, NAE, is a notable American civil engineer and businessman.	Man-Chung Tang	engineer
occupation	Sam McVey or Sam McVea (May 17, 1884 -- December 23, 1921) was a Hall of Fame heavyweight boxer who fought during the early 20th century.	Sam McVey	boxer
occupation	Robert Perkinson is an American historian and Associate Professor of American Studies at the University of Hawai``i at Mānoa. He is the author of Texas Tough: The Rise of a Prison Empire (Metropolitan Books/Henry Holt, 2010).	Robert Perkinson	historian
occupation	Joseph Hopkinson (November 12, 1770 -- January 15, 1842) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania, and later a United States federal judge.	Joseph Hopkinson	judge
occupation	Pete Podgorski is a former amateur and professional light middleweight boxer, as well as a boxing official.	Pete Podgorski	boxer
occupation	Lee T. Bashore (died September 14, 1944) was a United States Republican politician, who served in the California legislature.	Lee T. Bashore	politician
occupation	Diphan or Deepan is a Malayalam film director.	Diphan	film director
occupation	Per Carlqvist (b. July 25, 1938 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish plasma physicist with an interest in astrophysical applications.	Per Carlqvist	physicist
occupation	Thomas Negovan (born November 8, 1971) is a writer, musician, and art historian who lives and works in Chicago.	Thomas Negovan	historian
occupation	Jesse Moynihan (born January 4, 1978) is an American artist, composer and director who is best known for being a writer and storyboard artist on the animated television series Adventure Time as well as being the creator of the graphic novel Forming.	Jesse Moynihan	composer
occupation	Laurie Hays is an American journalist at Bloomberg News, where she currently serves as senior executive editor for beat reporting.	Laurie Hays	journalist
occupation	Naomi Hirahara (born 1962) an American writer and journalist.	Naomi Hirahara	writer	journalist
occupation	Marco Micone (born 1945) is an Italian-Canadian playwright and journalist.	Marco Micone	playwright
occupation	John Bunny (September 21, 1863 -- April 26, 1915) was an American actor and was one of the first comic stars of the motion picture era.	John Bunny	actor
occupation	Kefeng Liu (Chinese: 刘克峰; born December 1965), is a Chinese mathematician.	Kefeng Liu	mathematician
occupation	Cris Gunther is an American singer, composer, producer, actor and dancer.	Cris Gunther	composer
occupation	Joseph Attard Kingswell (July 25, 1925 -- January 21, 2002) was a Maltese trade unionist and diplomat.	Joseph Attard Kingswell	diplomat
occupation	Larry E. Beutler ABPP is a clinical psychologist.	Larry E. Beutler	psychologist
occupation	Stephen Campbell Moore (born Stephen Moore Thorpe; 30 November 1977) is an English actor, best known for his roles in the Alan Bennett play The History Boys and its subsequent film.	Stephen Campbell Moore	actor
occupation	Stephen J. Dubner (born August 26, 1963) is an American journalist who has written seven books and numerous articles.	Stephen J. Dubner	journalist
occupation	Zhang Binglin (December 25, 1868 -- June 14, 1936), also known as Zhang Taiyan, was a Chinese philologist, textual critic, philosopher, and revolutionary.	Zhang Binglin	philosopher
occupation	Jason Piper is a British actor who voiced the part of the centaur Bane in the fifth film adaptation of the Harry Potter books:	Jason Piper	actor
occupation	Deb Mukherjee (or Mukherji) (Bengali: দেব মুখার্জি) is a Bengali Indian actor.	Deb Mukherjee	actor
occupation	Bruce Adolphe (born May 31, 1955) is a U.S. composer and music scholar, the author of several books on music, and pianist.	Bruce Adolphe	composer
occupation	Girolamo Montesardo (fl. 1606--c. 1620) was an Italian singer and composer.	Girolamo Montesardo	singer	composer
occupation	Claudia Chan Shaw is an Australian-born fashion designer and television presenter of Chinese ancestry.	Claudia Chan Shaw	fashion designer
occupation	Willard Van Orman Quine (/kwaɪn/; June 25, 1908 -- December 25, 2000) (known to intimates as ``Van'') was an American philosopher and logician in the analytic tradition, recognized as ``one of the most influential philosophers of the twentieth century.''	Willard Van Orman Quine	philosopher
occupation	Tamás László (born October 29, 1950) is a Hungarian architect and politician, who served as Mayor of the 15th district of Budapest between 2010 and 2014.	Tamás László	architect	politician
occupation	Stanley Weiss is an American professional poker player residing in Nashville, Tennessee.	Stanley Weiss	poker player
occupation	Ernest Edwin Sechler was an aerospace engineer and scientist who specialized in thin-shell structures.	Ernest Edwin Sechler	aerospace engineer
occupation	Him Mark Lai (Chinese: 麥禮謙; pinyin: Mài Lǐqiān) (November 1, 1925 San Francisco -- May 21, 2009) was an internationally renowned activist and historian of Chinese America, a highly respected leader of the community, and prolific writer.	Him Mark Lai	historian
occupation	Wirt Dexter Walker was a Chicago lawyer (born September 1, 1860 died April 24, 1899) He was the son of successful Chicago attorney James M. Walker and Eliza M. Walker and was named after Wirt Dexter, the junior partner at his father's firm Walter VanArman & Dexter.	Wirt Dexter Walker	lawyer
occupation	Serena Wilson (August 8, 1933 -- June 17, 2007), often known just as ``Serena'', was a well-known dancer, choreographer, and teacher who helped popularize belly dance in the United States.	Serena Wilson	dancer
occupation	Lisa Fonssagrives (May 17, 1911 -- February 4, 1992), born Lisa Birgitta Bernstone was a Swedish fashion model widely credited as the first supermodel.	Lisa Fonssagrives	model
occupation	Caroline Thompson (born April 23, 1956) is an American novelist, screenwriter, film director, and producer.	Caroline Thompson	novelist	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Kay Redfield Jamison (born June 22, 1946) is an American clinical psychologist and writer.	Kay Redfield Jamison	psychologist	writer
occupation	Hudson Marquez is a painter, storyteller, writer, and video artist, whose work includes many paintings, installations with the art collective Ant Farm, the Cadillac Ranch and TVTV video productions.	Hudson Marquez	artist
occupation	Clifford Clark (April 18, 1889 -- December 27, 1952) was a Canadian professor, economist and civil servant.	Clifford Clark	economist
occupation	Joel Bernal Galicia (born December 6, 1965) is a Mexican Luchador, or professional wrestler, better known under the ring name Olímpico.	Olímpico	professional wrestler
occupation	Ron Vaudry is a Canadian comedian who has also worked extensively in the United Kingdom.	Ron Vaudry	comedian
occupation	Mauricio Kleiff (March 14, 1931 -- March 23, 2010) was a Mexican screenwriter best known for writing the scripts of the television programs El show de los Polivoces and Los Beverly de Peralvillo.	Mauricio Kleiff	screenwriter
occupation	Tsui Kam Kong (born October 12, 1961), also known as Elvis Tsui, is a Chinese actor based in Hong Kong.	Elvis Tsui	actor
occupation	John James Appleton (September 22, 1792 -- March 4, 1864) was an American diplomat who served the United States in several European countries.	John James Appleton	diplomat
occupation	Russ Warren (born 1951) is a contemporary figurative painter who has exhibited extensively throughout the U.S. and abroad, notably in the 1981 Whitney Biennial and the 1984 Venice Biennale.	Russ Warren	painter
occupation	On Monday 9 May 2011 Ironik performed for The Queen and other members of the Royal Family at Buckingham Palace with dance group Flawless & singer Sarah Jane Skeete.	Ironik	singer
occupation	In World War II espionage, Rudolf Roessler (Rößler) (b.22 November 1897-d.11 December 1958) was the central (and mysterious) figure in the Lucy spy ring.	Rudolf Roessler	spy
occupation	Edei (real name Emma Deigman) is a 27-year-old English singer-songwriter, named by Hello!	Edei	songwriter
occupation	Johny Asadoma (born January 8, 1966) is a former Indonesian amateur boxer.	Johny Asadoma	boxer
occupation	Antoine Tempé is a French born photographer who has done works in New York City, West Africa and France.	Antoine Tempé	photographer
occupation	Peter Grudzien is an American country/psychedelic singer-songwriter, photographer, commercial artist, musician and recording engineer.	Peter Grudzien	singer-songwriter
occupation	Hilaire Penet (born 1501?) was a French composer of the Renaissance, who worked for at least the earlier part of his life in Rome.	Hilaire Penet	composer
occupation	William Tappan Thompson (August 31, 1812 -- March 24, 1882) was an American writer who co-founded the Savannah Morning News in the 1850s, known then as the Daily Morning News.	William Tappan Thompson	writer
occupation	Leonard Foglia (born August 24, 1954) is an American theatre director, librettist, and novelist.	Leonard Foglia	librettist	novelist
occupation	Carlos Gamarra Ugaz is a Peruvian politician and attorney.	Carlos Gamarra Ugaz	politician
occupation	He was the writer and narrator of the 1990 PBS documentary L.A. is It with John Gregory Dunne, in which he guided viewers through the cultural landscape of Los Angeles.	John Gregory Dunne	writer
occupation	Jasper Kirkby is a British experimental particle physicist currently with CERN.	Jasper Kirkby	physicist
occupation	Willis M. Rivinus is an author, preservation activist and historian whose interests center on the Delaware Canal and Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Willis M. Rivinus	historian
occupation	Bala Ganapathi William is an Indian actor, anchor and producer of Indian origin in Malaysian Tamil Cinema / Malaysian Indian Cinema.	Bala Ganapathi William	actor
occupation	Leopold Blonder (1893--1932) was an Austrian art director active in the silent and early sound eras.	Leopold Blonder	art director
occupation	Senele Dlamini (born April 1, 1992 in Lobamba) is a Swazi swimmer, who specialized in freestyle and backstroke events.	Senele Dlamini	swimmer
occupation	Aman Verma (born Eleven October 1971) is an Indian television anchor and an actor.	Aman Verma	actor
occupation	Rufa Mi (born María Krista Aguilar on April 8, 1988) is a Filipina stand-up comedian, presenter, actress, and singer.	Rufa Mi	comedian
occupation	Cuthbert Daniel (August 27, 1904 -- August 8, 1997) was an American industrial statistician.	Cuthbert Daniel	statistician
occupation	Victor Mills (March 28, 1897 -- November 1, 1997) was a chemical engineer for the Procter & Gamble company.	Victor Mills	engineer
occupation	Mark Millon (born May 17, 1971) is an American lacrosse player who last played for the Rochester Rattlers of Major League Lacrosse.	Mark Millon	lacrosse player
occupation	Alan M. Bolle (born October 16, 1958) is an American artist best known as The Springman for his Chicago-based work incorporating springs into media as varied as cars, clothes, and music.	Alan M. Bolle	artist
occupation	Gabriel Goity (born c. 1960) is an Argentine theatrical, film and television actor.	Gabriel Goity	actor
occupation	Nathan Marcuvitz (born December 29, 1913 in Brooklyn, New York, d. February 14, 2010 in Naples, FL), was an American electrical engineer, physicist, and educator who worked in the fields of microwave and electromagnetic theory.	Nathan Marcuvitz	engineer
occupation	John Wilson Campbell (February 23, 1782 -- September 24, 1833) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, and a United States federal judge.	John Wilson Campbell	judge
occupation	Okab Sakr or Oakab Saker (born 4 March 1975) is a Lebanese journalist and politician, lost his father before he was born during the beginning of the Lebanese civil war.	Okab Sakr	journalist	politician
occupation	Hsiao Bi-khim (Chinese: 蕭美琴; pinyin: Xiāo Měiqín; Wade--Giles: Hsiao1 Mei3-ch'in2; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Siau Bí-khîm; born August 7, 1971) is a Taiwanese politician and member of the Legislative Yuan.	Hsiao Bi-khim	politician
occupation	Roger Fawcett-Tang is a British graphic designer with a special interest in book design and calendars.	Roger Fawcett-Tang	graphic designer
occupation	Joe Mabbott is an American record producer and studio audio engineer who has worked with many independent and mainstream artists of the 1990s 2000s and 2010s including Atmosphere, Snoop Dogg, Brother Ali, Cloud Cult and The Matches.	Joe Mabbott	audio engineer
occupation	Julian Peto is an English statistician and cancer epidemiologist.	Julian Peto	statistician	epidemiologist
occupation	Todd Nauck is an American comic book artist and writer.	Todd Nauck	writer
occupation	Greg Hollimon (born May 2, 1956) is an actor best known for his work on Comedy Central's Strangers with Candy.	Greg Hollimon	actor
occupation	Robert Cushman Murphy (April 29, 1887 -- March 20, 1973) was an American ornithologist and Lamont Curator of birds at the American Museum of Natural History.	Robert Cushman Murphy	ornithologist
occupation	James H. Knowlton was a politician and lawyer.	James H. Knowlton	politician	lawyer
occupation	Mariana Mazzucato (born June 16, 1968) is an economist, with dual Italian and American citizenship.	Mariana Mazzucato	economist
occupation	In the late 1990s, Kurt Ballou was working as a biomedical engineer when his then project got cancelled.	Kurt Ballou	engineer
occupation	Leee Black Childers (July 24, 1945 -- April 6, 2014) was an American photographer, writer and rock music manager, who ``recorded the legacy of a theatrical cross over between rock music and gay culture''.	Leee Black Childers	photographer
occupation	Paul Gertler (born March 30, 1955) is an American economist and the Li Ka Shing Distinguished Professor of Economics in the Haas School of Business and the School of Public Health at UC Berkeley.	Paul Gertler	economist
occupation	Robert Landers (born January 6, 1944) is an American cattle farmer and golfer who gained fame in 1995 by playing on the Senior PGA Tour.	Robert Landers	golfer
occupation	Michael Stal (born 1963 in Munich) is German computer scientist.	Michael Stal	computer scientist
occupation	Tom Chantrell (born Thomas William Chantrell in Manchester on December 20, 1916 - July 15, 2001) was a British illustrator and film poster artist.	Tom Chantrell	illustrator
occupation	Alain Vanzo (April 2, 1928 -- January 27, 2002) was a French opera singer and composer, one of few French tenors of international standing in the postwar era.	Alain Vanzo	opera singer	composer
occupation	Kellita Smith (born January 15, 1969) is an American comedian, model and actress, best known for her role as Wanda McCullough in the Fox sitcom The Bernie Mac Show (2001-2006).	Kellita Smith	model
occupation	Lizzie Armanto is an American professional skateboarder	Lizzie Armanto	skateboarder
occupation	Marc Klaw, (born Marcus Alonzo Klaw, May 29, 1858 -- June 14, 1936) was an American lawyer, theatrical producer, theatre owner, and a leading figure of the Theatrical Syndicate.	Marc Klaw	lawyer
occupation	Li Jinhui (September 5, 1891 -- February 15, 1967) was a composer and songwriter born in Xiangtan, Hunan, Qing China.	Li Jinhui	composer
occupation	Peter Ronson (April 22, 1934 -- January 16, 2007), born Pétur Rögnvaldsson, was an Icelandic-born athlete and actor.	Peter Ronson	actor
occupation	Natalia Baranova-Masalkina (born February 25, 1975 in Krivosheino, Tomsk Oblast) is a former Russian cross-country skier who has competed from 1994 to 2006.	Natalia Baranova-Masalkina	cross-country skier
occupation	Lombardo Boyar is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian.	Lombardo Boyar	actor
occupation	Vojtech Čelko (* 27 July 1946, Bratislava) is a Slovak historian.	Vojtech Čelko	historian
occupation	Christina Katrakis (December 16, 1980) is an American curator, writer, sculptor, painter, narrator of Ukrainian origin, and founder of International Academy of Arts in 2005 which is now based in Munich, Germany.	Christina Katrakis	painter
occupation	Anna Pendleton Schenck (January 8, 1874 - April 29, 1915) was an architect.	Anna Pendleton Schenck	architect
occupation	Charles Edward Hubbard (1900--1980) was a British botanist, specialising in agrostology -- the study of grasses; he was considered ``the world authority on the classification and recognition of grasses''.	Charles Edward Hubbard	botanist
occupation	Mario Bauzá (April 28, 1911 -- July 11, 1993) was a Afro-Cuban jazz musician.	Mario Bauzá	jazz musician
occupation	Rune Eriksen (born January 13, 1975) is a Norwegian Spellemann-award winning musician and composer.	Rune Eriksen	musician
occupation	Joseph Pedlosky (born 1938) is an American physical oceanographer.	Joseph Pedlosky	oceanographer
occupation	Hadia Bentaleb (Arabic: هادية بن طالب‎; born August 31, 1980) is an Algerian épée fencer.	Hadia Bentaleb	fencer
occupation	Stuart Mossman (May 13, 1942 -- March 2, 1999) was an American guitar maker, entertainer and entrepreneur who built 6,000 guitars from 1968 to 1984 that were played by several professional guitarists, including John Denver, Eric Clapton, Albert Lee, Doc Watson, Hank Snow, Cat Stevens and Merle Travis.	Stuart Mossman	entrepreneur
occupation	Jenny Bannister is an Australian fashion designer, based in Melbourne.	Jenny Bannister	fashion designer
occupation	Boris Smirnov-Rusetsky (January 21, 1905 -- August 7, 1993; Russian: Борис Алексеевич Смирнов-Русецкий) was a Russian painter, member of Amaravella group.	Boris Smirnov-Rusetsky	painter
occupation	Erica Smyth (born 1952) is a Western Australian geologist, senior mining executive and chair of uranium exploration company, Toro Energy.	Erica Smyth	geologist
occupation	Farman Fathalian (Persian: فرمان فتحعلیان , born July 13, 1954 ‎‎), is an Iranian guitarist and Persian Rock singer.	Farman Fathalian	singer
occupation	Alicia Moffet (born in 1998) is a Canadian singer who won the 2013 season of The Next Star.	Alicia Moffet	singer
occupation	Dinsmore Alter (March 28, 1888 -- September 20, 1968) was an American astronomer and meteorologist.	Dinsmore Alter	astronomer
occupation	Anne Fulda (born 1963) is a French journalist working for Le Figaro in the politics department since 1982.	Anne Fulda	journalist
occupation	Chambers Stevens (born June 10, 1964) is an American actor, playwright, author and acting coach.	Chambers Stevens	actor
occupation	Nicholas Teo (Chinese: 張棟樑; pinyin: Zhāng Dòng-Liáng), also known as Nicholas Zhang and he is a Malaysian Chinese singer signed under Play Music based in Taiwan.	Nicholas Teo	singer
occupation	Professor Timothy Mowl is an architectural and landscape historian.	Timothy Mowl	historian
occupation	Bryan R. Holloway is an American politician and former teacher.	Bryan R. Holloway	politician
occupation	Robert Calin (April 26, 1928 -- June 14, 1986) was a French-born songwriter and actor.	Robert Calin	actor
occupation	Anthony Guidera is an American actor who has appeared in many films and television series.	Anthony Guidera	actor
occupation	Heinrich Gebhard (July 25, 1878, Sobernheim, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany -- May 5, 1963, North Arlington, New Jersey, United States) was a German-American pianist, composer and piano teacher.	Heinrich Gebhard	composer
occupation	Jonathan Hole (August 13, 1904 -- February 11, 1998) was an American actor whose entertainment career covered five different genres.	Jonathan Hole	actor
occupation	Christopher Gray is an American journalist and architectural historian, noted for his weekly New York Times column ``Streetscapes'', about the history of New York City architecture, real estate and public improvements.	Christopher Gray	journalist
occupation	Jácint Simon (born February 4, 1979) is a Hungarian former swimmer, who specialized in middle-distance freestyle events.	Jácint Simon	swimmer
occupation	Chuck Perkins (born Charles Perkins; August 25, 1965) is an American spoken word poet, orator, narrator, and activist who infuses the rhythms and vernacular from the Crescent City into his musical spoken word pieces.	Chuck Perkins	poet
occupation	Pamela Sklar (born July 20, 1959 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American psychiatrist and neuroscientist.	Pamela Sklar	psychiatrist	neuroscientist
occupation	Anika Noni Rose (born September 6, 1972) is an American singer and actress known for her Tony Award-winning performance in the Broadway production of Caroline, or Change and her starring role as Lorrell Robinson in the 2006 film Dreamgirls.	Anika Noni Rose	singer
occupation	Leslie Marmon Silko (born Leslie Marmon; born March 5, 1948) is a Laguna Pueblo writer and one of the key figures in the First Wave of what literary critic Kenneth Lincoln has called the Native American Renaissance.	Leslie Marmon Silko	writer
occupation	Elisabetta Fantone (born August 12, 1982) is a Canadian actress, painter, model and author.	Elisabetta Fantone	painter	author
occupation	Jean-Philippe Maury is an award-winning pastry chef, currently having three pastry shops located in the United States.	Jean-Philippe Maury	chef
occupation	Denis de Belleval (born June 4, 1939) is a former politician and administrator in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Denis de Belleval	politician
occupation	Mary Louisa Whately (August 31, 1824 -- March 9, 1889) was an English missionary in Egypt.	Mary Louisa Whately	missionary
occupation	Reyli Barba (born April 12, 1972 in Juárez, Chiapas), most commonly known as Reyli, is a Mexican singer-songwriter.	Reyli	singer
occupation	Christina Schwab (née Ripp) (born 1980 or 1981) is an American Paralympic basketball player and sprinter.	Christina Schwab	basketball player
occupation	Eamonn Lynch was an Irish Labour Party politician, barrister and trade union official.	Eamonn Lynch	politician
occupation	Cornelius Vanderbilt II (November 27, 1843 -- September 12, 1899) was an American socialite, heir, businessman, and a member of the prominent United States Vanderbilt family.	Cornelius Vanderbilt II	socialite
occupation	Rahul Dev is an Indian film actor and former model.	Rahul Dev	actor
occupation	Noel Zancanella is an American songwriter and record producer based in Los Angeles, California.	Noel Zancanella	songwriter
occupation	Luke Seomore is an award-winning English film director, and musician, part of a critically acclaimed filmmaking duo working alongside English director Joseph Bull.	Luke Seomore	film director	musician
occupation	Brad Benischek is a contemporary visual artist, educator, writer and actor living and working in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Brad Benischek	artist
occupation	Michael Pelech (born October 6, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Norfolk Admirals in the ECHL.	Michael Pelech	ice hockey player
occupation	Ludwig Hirsch (February 28, 1946 -- November 24, 2011) was an Austrian singer/songwriter and actor.	Ludwig Hirsch	singer	actor
occupation	Charles Francis Lynch (January 9, 1884 - June 17, 1942) was a United States Attorney and a United States district court judge in New Jersey.	Charles Francis Lynch	judge
occupation	John Hawkins, a fellow writer for Human Events, responded: ``Yesterday, Jerome Corsi was prattling on about the North American Union again after Michael Medved deservedly spanked him for spreading conspiracy theories.	Jerome Corsi	writer
occupation	Travis Garland (born July 26, 1989) is an American singer and dancer.	Travis Garland	singer
occupation	Robert Biswas-Diener (born July 27, 1972) is a positive psychologist, author and instructor at Portland State University.	Robert Biswas-Diener	psychologist
occupation	Birge Lønquist Hansen (November 6, 1945 -- August 27, 2004), better known as Jodle Birge, was a Danish composer and singer.	Jodle Birge	composer
occupation	Metta Victoria Fuller Victor (née Metta Victoria Fuller; nom de plume Seeley Regester) (March 2, 1831 -- June 26, 1885) was an American novelist, credited with authoring of one of the first detective novels in the United States.	Metta Victoria Fuller Victor	novelist
occupation	Pauli Hanhiniemi (born in Alavus in 1964) is a Finnish singer, songwriter (composer and lyricist) and musician.	Pauli Hanhiniemi	composer	musician
occupation	Horacio Ferrer (June 2, 1933 -- December 21, 2014) was a Uruguayan - Argentinan poet, broadcaster, reciter and tango lyricist.	Horacio Ferrer	poet
occupation	Cullen Sheehan is a registered lobbyist for Lockridge Grindal Nauen P.L.L.P. He previously served as Chief of Staff of the Minnesota Senate Republican Caucus from January 2010 to November 2011.	Cullen Sheehan	lobbyist
occupation	According to the Jain writer Hemachandra's Parishishtaparvan, Chanakya was born in the Chanaka village of the Golla region, to a Brahmin named Chanin and his wife Chaneshvari.	Chanakya	writer
occupation	Nabil Kebbab (born December 30, 1983) is an Algerian swimmer who competes in the freestyle events.	Nabil Kebbab	swimmer
occupation	Allison S. Davis is a Chicago lawyer and real estate developer.	Allison S. Davis	lawyer
occupation	Darryn Perry is a former Australian rules footballer who played in Tasmania during the 1980s and 1990s.	Darryn Perry	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Dragiša Brašovan (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгиша Брашован) (May 25, 1887 - October 6, 1965) was a Serbian modernist architect, one of the leading architects of the early 20th century in Yugoslavia.	Dragiša Brašovan	architect
occupation	Poppies Martinez (born August 19, 1983) is a Native American professional mixed martial artist of the Tachi Yokuts tribe currently competing in the Lightweight division of Bellator.	Poppies Martinez	mixed martial artist
occupation	Chris Mazdzer (/ˈmæzdər/; born June 26, 1988) is an American luger who has been active internationally since 2001.	Chris Mazdzer	luger
occupation	San San Nweh (Burmese: စန်းစန်းနွယ်, (sáɴ sáɴ nwɛ̀); or San San Nwe) is a noted Burmese writer and journalist.	San San Nweh	journalist
occupation	Lars Håland (b July 28, 1962) is a former Swedish cross-country skier who competed from 1986 to 1999.	Lars Håland	cross-country skier
occupation	Dimitry Elyashkevich (Belarusian: Дзмітрый Еляшкевіч; Russian: Дмитрий Еляшкевич; born February 23, 1975) is a producer and camera operator of the MTV series of Jackass and Wildboyz.	Dimitry Elyashkevich	camera operator
occupation	Manimaran is an Indian film director, working in the Tamil film industry.	Manimaran	film director
occupation	Carveth Read (1848--1931) was a 19th and 20th century British philosopher and logician.	Carveth Read	philosopher
occupation	Erwin Helfer (born January 20, 1936) is an American boogie-woogie, blues and jazz pianist.	Erwin Helfer	pianist
occupation	Harlington Wood, Jr. (April 17, 1920 -- December 29, 2008) was an American lawyer, jurist, political figure and an amateur actor.	Harlington Wood, Jr.	lawyer
occupation	William Lovenstein (October 8, 1840 -- December 26, 1896) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician who served as a member of the Virginia Senate from 1881 until his death in 1896.	William Lovenstein	politician
occupation	Dr. William Pollin was a psychiatrist who served as the second director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, and as a staff member of the National Institute of Mental Health.	William Pollin	psychiatrist
occupation	Hubert Minnis is a Bahamian politician, currently serving as leader of the Free National Movement and as Leader of the Opposition in the House of Assembly of the Bahamas.	Hubert Minnis	politician
occupation	Federico Turrini (born 21 July 1987) is an Italian swimmer who competes in the Men's 400m individual medley.	Federico Turrini	swimmer
occupation	Jeannie Berlin (born November 1, 1949) is an American film, television and stage actress and screenwriter, known for role in the 1972 film The Heartbreak Kid, for which she received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations.	Jeannie Berlin	screenwriter
occupation	Christopher Scott Cherot is an American film director best known for Hav Plenty (1998), a true story that he wrote, edited, produced, acted in and directed.	Christopher Scott Cherot	film director
occupation	Jim Kuhl is a former Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne.	Jim Kuhl	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Leonard Kibrick (September 6, 1924 - January 4, 1993) was an American former child actor, most notable for appearing in the Our Gang short subjects series from 1934 to 1936, usually portraying the villain.	Leonard Kibrick	actor
occupation	His son Jacques (or James) Gabriel Huquier (1730--1805) known as Huquier fils, was also an engraver, as well as a portrait painter.	Gabriel Huquier	painter
occupation	Harold Farberman (born November 2, 1929) is an American conductor, composer and percussionist.	Harold Farberman	conductor	composer
occupation	Joann Ginal is an American politician who was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 2012.	Joann Ginal	politician
occupation	Charles Conrad Schneider (German: Carl Conrad Schneider; April 24, 1843 -- January 8, 1916), often referred to as C. C. Schneider, was an American civil engineer and bridge designer.	Charles Conrad Schneider	civil engineer
occupation	Ludwig Münstermann (c. 1560 or 1575 -- 1638/39) was a German sculptor and master woodcarver from either Hamburg or Bremen.	Ludwig Münstermann	sculptor
occupation	Chris McMillian is a New Orleans bartender and a co-founder of The Museum of the American Cocktail.	Chris McMillian	bartender
occupation	Andrea Gastaldi (April 18, 1826 -- May 3, 1889) was an Italian painter, primarily of historical canvases and portraits.	Andrea Gastaldi	painter
occupation	Peter Langtoft, also known as Peter of Langtoft (Old French: Piers de Langtoft; died c. 1305) was an English historian and chronicler who took his name from the small village of Langtoft in the East Riding of Yorkshire.	Peter Langtoft	historian
occupation	Ronan McKenna (born in Ireland) is a British-based television presenter familiar from the now defunct Quiz TV to current hosting duties on The Great Big British Quiz as of June 9, 2006.	Ronan McKenna	presenter
occupation	Iarla Tannian (born 12 August 1984) is an Irish hurler who currently plays at centre back for the Galway senior team.	Iarla Tannian	hurler
occupation	Shahed Ali Patwary (Bengali শহীদ আলী পাটোয়ারী; 1899-1958) was a lawyer and prominent politician.	Shahed Ali Patwary	politician
occupation	Ursula Vernon (born May 28, 1977) is an American freelance writer, artist and illustrator.	Ursula Vernon	writer
occupation	Lycias was an Athenian orator who flourished in the 4th century BCE.	Lycias	orator
occupation	Octávio Mateus (born 1975) is a Portuguese dinosaur paleontologist and biologist Professor of Paleontology at the Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia da Universidade Nova de Lisboa.	Octávio Mateus	paleontologist	biologist
occupation	Craig B. Cooper is a professional aquanaut from the United States who served from 1991 to 2009 as Operations Manager for Aquarius, the world's only underwater habitat.	Craig B. Cooper	aquanaut
occupation	Abubakr Ben Ishmael Salahuddin is an American religious writer.	Abubakr Ben Ishmael Salahuddin	writer
occupation	Jayson Tyler Brûlé (born November 25, 1968) is a Canadian journalist, entrepreneur, and magazine publisher.	Tyler Brûlé	journalist
occupation	Thomas Jackson Rodman (July 31, 1816 -- June 7, 1871) was an American artillerist, inventor, ordnance specialist, and career United States Army officer.	Thomas Jackson Rodman	officer
occupation	Destini Beard is an American singer and songwriter based out of Pennsylvania.	Destini Beard	singer and songwriter
occupation	Straton of Sardis (Greek: Στράτων; better known under his Latin name Strato) was a Greek poet and anthologist from the Lydian city of Sardis.	Straton of Sardis	poet
occupation	Amile Waters (born April 25, 1985 in Mayari, Cuba) is a Head Sports Editor/Columnist, Radio Personality and an avid painter of the ``Dark Metal'' arts.	Amile Waters	painter
occupation	François Joseph Fournier (December 6, 1857 - January 13, 1935) was a self-taught Belgian adventurer and entrepreneur who explored Mexico and the island of Porquerolles.	François Joseph Fournier	entrepreneur
occupation	He was a composer and conductor of orchestras and used as artist name Julien Ghyoros.	Julien Ghyoros	composer	conductor
occupation	Jacqueline Winspear is a mystery writer, author of the ``Maisie Dobbs'' series of books which explore the aftermath of World War I. She has won several mystery writing awards for books in this popular series.	Jacqueline Winspear	writer
occupation	Adam Bock is a Canadian playwright currently living in the United States.	Adam Bock	playwright
occupation	Ali Farahbakhsh is an Iranian business journalist.	Ali Farahbakhsh	journalist
occupation	Adrian Schinoff (born Adrián Gonzalo Schinoff Noher; January 7, 1972) is a musician, producer, and composer.	Adrian Schinoff	musician
occupation	Oshik Levi (Hebrew: אושיק לוי‎; born April 7, 1944) is an Israeli singer, actor, and entertainer.	Oshik Levi	singer	actor
occupation	Eve Ensler (born May 25, 1953) is an American playwright, performer, feminist, and activist, best known for her play The Vagina Monologues.	Eve Ensler	playwright
occupation	Vic Aanensen (born 16 January 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) during the 1970s and 1980s.	Vic Aanensen	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Frances Temple (August 15, 1945 -- July 5, 1995) was a primary school teacher, a writer of award-winning children's stories and young adult novels and an illustrator.	Frances Temple	writer
occupation	Karunasena Kodituwakku (born March 21, 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician, academic and diplomat.	Karunasena Kodituwakku	politician	diplomat
occupation	Jonelle Allen is an American actress, singer, and dancer.	Jonelle Allen	dancer
occupation	Earl Rhodes is a British television actor who was active in the 1970s and 1980s.	Earl Rhodes	actor
occupation	Miguel de Capriles (November 30, 1906 -- May 24, 1981) was a Mexican-born American fencer, a President of the FIE, a former dean of the New York University School of Law and one of the world's leading authorities on fencing.	Miguel de Capriles	fencer
occupation	Herbert Huntingdon Smith or Herbert Huntington Smith (January 21, 1851 in Manlius, New York -- March 22, 1919 in Tuscaloosa, Alabama) was an American naturalist and amateur conchologist who worked on the flora and fauna of Brazil.	Herbert Huntingdon Smith	naturalist
occupation	Allette Brooks is an American folk singer/songwriter from Long Beach, California.	Allette Brooks	singer
occupation	Michael Meyersfeld is an award-winning fine art photographer living and working in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Michael Meyersfeld	photographer
occupation	Caroline Kole (born Caroline Kudelko; July 2, 1997) is an American Country singer, songwriter, and guitarist who began performing under the stage name Suite Caroline.	Caroline Kole	singer
occupation	Rose Windross originally began as a singer and songwriter in the UK reggae scene.	Rose Windross	singer
occupation	Marliese Kasner (née Miller; born January 8, 1982 in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian curler from Shellbrook, Saskatchewan.	Marliese Kasner	curler
occupation	Lionel Barrymore (born Lionel Herbert Blythe; April 28, 1878 -- November 15, 1954) was an American actor of stage, screen and radio as well as a film director.	Lionel Barrymore	actor	film director
occupation	Geoff Hocking (born 10 March 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Geoff Hocking	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Max Jammer (April 13, 1915 -- December 18, 2010), was an Israeli physicist and philosopher of physics.	Max Jammer	physicist
occupation	James Truitt (died November 18, 1981) was an American journalist who worked for Life and Time magazines.	James Truitt	journalist
occupation	Rajiv Maragh (born July 9, 1985, in Jamaica) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.	Rajiv Maragh	jockey
occupation	Renuka Dasgupta née Sengupta(22 Aug 1910 - 1 Jan 1991, Calcutta,WB ) was a Bengali singer, considered one of the best-known exponents of the songs of Atulprasad Sen. She was amongst the few singers to learn directly from Atulprasad Sen, Kazi Nazrul Islam and Dilipkumar Roy.	Renuka Dasgupta	singer
occupation	Mario Majeroni (1870-1931) was an Italian-born American playwright, and stage and film actor.	Mario Majeroni	actor
occupation	Aly Zaker (Bengali: আলী যাকের; born in November 6, 1944) is an actor, director in Bangladeshi National Television drama and theatre.	Aly Zaker	actor
occupation	Julius Sumner Miller (May 17, 1909 -- April 14, 1987) was an American physicist and television personality.	Julius Sumner Miller	physicist
occupation	The titular character, Nodwick, is a henchman (as opposed to a hireling) in the employ of a typical D&D-style adventuring party.	Nodwick	henchman
occupation	Carmen Villoro (born 1958) is a Mexican psychologist and psychoanalyst who also writes poetry, children's stories and has contributed to several newspapers.	Carmen Villoro	psychologist	psychoanalyst
occupation	Ira Wolfert (November 1, 1908 -- November 24, 1997) was an American Pulitzer Prize-winning war correspondent and writer.	Ira Wolfert	war correspondent
occupation	Harvey Fite (December 25, 1903 -- May 9, 1976) was a pioneering American sculptor, painter and earth artist best known for his monumental land sculpture Opus 40.	Harvey Fite	artist
occupation	Ryan Coonerty (born March 10, 1974) is an American politician, businessman, professor, and author who currently serves as the Third District Supervisor for California's Santa Cruz County, representing western portions of the county including Santa Cruz, Bonny Doon, and Davenport.	Ryan Coonerty	politician
occupation	Sandra Tewkesbury (February 14, 1942 -- June 5, 1962) was a Canadian figure skater who competed in ladies singles.	Sandra Tewkesbury	figure skater
occupation	Ben Baker is an Australian photographer who has worked for clients such as The Sunday Times, New York, ESPN The Magazine, Time, Elle, and Fortune.	Ben Baker	photographer
occupation	Mary Blair (October 21, 1911 -- July 26, 1978), born Mary Robinson, was an American artist who was prominent in producing art and animation for The Walt Disney Company, drawing concept art for such films as Alice in Wonderland, Peter Pan, Song of the South and Cinderella.	Mary Blair	artist
occupation	Tiang Sirikhanth (December 5, 1909 - December 12, 1952) was a Thai politician and a Seri Thai resistance leader during World War II.	Tiang Sirikhanth	politician
occupation	Gesine Bullock-Prado (born March 6, 1970) is an American pastry chef, author, attorney, and former film executive.	Gesine Bullock-Prado	chef
occupation	Her 1995 album Jill Sobule established Sobule as part of a short-lived but fruitful mid-90s movement of female singer-songwriters that included such artists as Lisa Loeb, Juliana Hatfield and Alanis Morissette.	Jill Sobule	singer
occupation	Alphonse Dante Bichette, Sr. (/ˈdɑːnteɪ bᵻˈʃɛt/; born November 18, 1963) is a former professional baseball player.	Dante Bichette	baseball player
occupation	Worcester Reed Warner (May 16, 1846 -- June 25, 1929) was an American mechanical engineer, entrepreneur, manager, astronomer, and philanthropist.	Worcester Reed Warner	engineer	astronomer
occupation	Argaw Bedaso (Born 5 April 1934) is a longtime Ethiopian traditional singer who has won praise for his Gurage songs.	Argaw Bedaso	singer
occupation	Dary Dasuda is a former Nigerien bantamweight boxer.	Dary Dasuda	boxer
occupation	Antal Benda (April 14, 1910 -- January 29, 1997) was a Hungarian field handball player.	Antal Benda	handball player
occupation	Tang Lin (born May 7, 1976) is a Chinese judoka and olympic champion.	Tang Lin	judoka
occupation	Mary Jane Rotheram-Borus (born December 7, 1949) is a licensed clinical psychologist and professor with the University of California, Los Angeles, Department of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences.	Mary Jane Rotheram-Borus	psychologist
occupation	T. Velmurugan is an Tamil Nadu(India) politician and Former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	T. Velmurugan	politician
occupation	John Sekula (January 14, 1969 -- October 28, 2010) was the original guitarist for alternative metal band Mushroomhead.	John Sekula	guitarist
occupation	Heidi Mueller is still close friends with actor Jesse Metcalfe, her fellow Passions cast member.	Heidi Mueller	actor
occupation	Adão Pretto was a farmer, Brazilian politician and founder of the movement of the ``landless movement''.	Adão Pretto	politician
occupation	Jaclyn Marielle Jaffe (born June 23, 1989) is an American actress, singer and model.	Marielle Jaffe	singer	model
occupation	Ron Klinger (born November 8, 1941) is an Australian contract bridge player and a leading English-language bridge writer, the author of more than 50 books on the game.	Ron Klinger	bridge player
occupation	Arnaldo Antunes (Portuguese pronunciation: (axˈnawdu ɐ̃ˈtunis), born Arnaldo Augusto Nora Antunes Filho, September 2, 1960), is a Brazilian musician, writer and composer.	Arnaldo Antunes	writer
occupation	Tanzeel Merchant is a Toronto-based urban designer, architect, planner and writer.	Tanzeel Merchant	architect
occupation	Shirley Murdock (born May 22, 1957) is an American R&B singer-songwriter, who is best known for her 1986 R&B hit single ``As We Lay'' and for her vocals on Zapp and Roger hit single Computer Love.	Shirley Murdock	singer
occupation	Charles Henry Bryan was a politician and jurist in California.	Charles Henry Bryan	politician
occupation	John Alden Milne is a Canadian film director, writer, producer and editor.	John Alden Milne	film director
occupation	Mohammad Suhrawadi Shuvo is a former Bangladeshi international cricketer.	Suhrawadi Shuvo	cricketer
occupation	María Isabel González-Meneses García-Valdecasas (born January 4, 1978), known mononymously as Mai Meneses, is a Spanish singer and songwriter and leader of the Spanish pop band Nena Daconte.	Mai Meneses	singer
occupation	Albert Paulig (January 14, 1873 -- March 19, 1933) was a German film actor who was popular during the silent era.	Albert Paulig	actor
occupation	Michael Les Benedict is a prominent American historian, who taught at Ohio State University from 1970 until his retirement in 2005.	Michael Les Benedict	historian
occupation	Lester Allen (November 17, 1891 -- November 6, 1949) was a screen, stage, vaudeville, circus actor, and film director.	Lester Allen	actor	film director
occupation	Bharat Kaul is an Indian actor mainly known for villainous and antagonistic roles in Bengali film and television serials.	Bharat Kaul	actor
occupation	Léo Bureau-Blouin (born December 17, 1991) is a former Quebec politician who in the 2012 provincial election at age 20 became the youngest person ever to be elected as a member of the National Assembly of Quebec.	Léo Bureau-Blouin	politician
occupation	Kay Sievers is a computer programmer, best known for developing the udev device manager of Linux, systemd and the Gummiboot EFI boot loader.	Kay Sievers	programmer
occupation	Rubén Vargas Ugarte (October 22, 1886 -- February 14, 1975) was a jesuit priest and Peruvian historian.	Rubén Vargas Ugarte	historian
occupation	Douglas Mackinnon is a British film and television director from Portree, Isle of Skye.	Douglas Mackinnon	television director
occupation	Richard Clipston Sturgis (December 24, 1860 -- January 20, 1951), generally known as R. Clipston Sturgis, was an American architect based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Richard Clipston Sturgis	architect
occupation	Ralph Gretzmacher is an Austrian scientist, professor of botany, zoology and an expert on tropical and subtropic agronomy.	Ralph Gretzmacher	scientist
occupation	Oxana Savchenko (Russian: Оксана Владимировна Савченко; born October 10, 1990 in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatskiy) is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S12 events, for visually impaired competitors.	Oxana Savchenko	swimmer
occupation	Tamir Muskat (in Hebrew תמיר מוסקט) is an Israeli musician/producer-sound engineer who was born and raised in Petach Tikva, Israel as son of a Romanian immigrant.	Tamir Muskat	musician
occupation	Kelli Ward (née Kaznoski; January 25, 1969) is an American politician and physician.	Kelli Ward	politician
occupation	Frederick William MacMonnies (September 28, 1863 -- March 22, 1937) was the best known expatriate American sculptor of the Beaux-Arts school, as successful and lauded in France as he was in the United States.	Frederick William MacMonnies	sculptor
occupation	Duncan T. O'Brien (March 28, 1895 -- September 14, 1938) was an American politician from New York	Duncan T. O'Brien	politician
occupation	After receiving his Master of Philosophy in Peking University, Baoshu continued to study at Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and got a second master there, and finally became a full-time science fiction writer in 2012.	Baoshu	science fiction writer
occupation	Joseph-Armand Choquette (July 24, 1905 -- April 6, 1999) was a farmer and politician.	Joseph-Armand Choquette	politician
occupation	Francis Marion Crawford (August 2, 1854 -- April 9, 1909) was an American writer noted for his many novels, especially those set in Italy, and for his classic weird and fantastic stories.	Francis Marion Crawford	writer
occupation	Malinda Cramer was the author of several books, including:	Malinda Cramer	author
occupation	Yoo Chae-yeong (Hangul: 유채영; September 22, 1973 -- July 24, 2014) was a South Korean singer, actress, and radio host.	Yoo Chae-yeong	singer
occupation	Michèle Burke (born in 1959) is an Irish-born make-up artist.	Michèle Burke	make-up artist
occupation	Demetrius the Chronographer (or Demetrius the Chronicler; Greek: Δημήτριος) was a Jewish chronicler (historian) of the late 3rd century BCE, who lived probably in Alexandria and wrote in Greek.	Demetrius the Chronographer	chronicler
occupation	Dennis Miller Bunker (November 6, 1861 -- December 28, 1890) was an American painter and innovator of American Impressionism.	Dennis Miller Bunker	painter
occupation	Peter Bance an historian, author and Maharaja Duleep Singh archivist, born as a British Sikh.	Peter Bance	historian
occupation	Shane McConkey (December 30, 1969 -- March 26, 2009) was a professional skier and BASE jumper.	Shane McConkey	skier
occupation	Satyadeow Sawh (Hindi: सत्यदेव शा) (June 13, 1955 -- April 22, 2006) was the Agriculture Minister of Guyana and prominent Hindu politician in Guyana.	Satyadeow Sawh	politician
occupation	Jiří Látal (born February 2, 1967) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey player.	Jiří Látal	ice hockey player
occupation	Stephen Heywood (April 13, 1969 -- November 26, 2006) was an American builder and self-taught architect, specializing in the renovation of old houses.	Stephen Heywood	architect
occupation	Pedro Nolasco Vergara Albano also known as Pedro Nolasco Martínez de Vergara Albano (Talca, 1800 - Santiago, September 23, 1867) was a Chilean deputy, governor and farmer.	Pedro Nolasco Vergara Albano	governor
occupation	George Olshevsky (born 1946) is a freelance editor, writer, publisher, amateur paleontologist, and mathematician living in San Diego, California.	George Olshevsky	paleontologist
occupation	Dr. Tamás Heintz (born February 6, 1959) is a Hungarian physician and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Kaposvár (Somogy County Constituency I) between 2010 and 2014.	Tamás Heintz	politician
occupation	Theodore L. Cairns (July 20, 1914 -- September 26, 1994) was an American chemist, a member of the National Academy of Sciences, a research scientist at DuPont Central Research, known for his contributions to U.S. scientific policy and applications of chemistry.	Theodore L. Cairns	chemist
occupation	Moukheiber Al Ashkar a Lebanese journalist.	Moukheiber Al Ashkar	journalist
occupation	Kenneth C. Martis is an American political geographer notable for his mapping and documentation of the electoral history of the United States.	Kenneth C. Martis	geographer
occupation	Rachel Ann Mullins is an American model, actress, writer, and producer.	Rachel Ann Mullins	model
occupation	Louis Gatewood Galbraith (January 23, 1947 -- January 4, 2012) was an American author and attorney from the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky.	Gatewood Galbraith	author
occupation	Lorenzo Caccialanza (born January 28, 1955) is an Italian-born American football (soccer) goalkeeper and actor.	Lorenzo Caccialanza	actor
occupation	Chitikila Musili was an Indian mathematician at the University of Hyderabad who developed standard monomial theory in collaboration with his PhD supervisor C. S. Seshadri.	Chitikila Musili	mathematician
occupation	Louis Du Pont Duchambon (Chalais, Charente January 1, 1680 -- 1775?) was a French military officer who served as a member of the French Army during the King George's War.	Louis Du Pont Duchambon	officer
occupation	Heimar de Fátima Marin, RN, MS, Ph.D., FACMI is a nurse who has devoted her professional career to improving patient care using information and communication technologies.	Heimar de Fátima Marin	nurse
occupation	Luther Scott Harshbarger (born December 1, 1941) is a lawyer and a Democratic politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.	Scott Harshbarger	lawyer
occupation	Gordon Sheer (nicknamed Gordy, born June 9, 1971) is an American luger who competed from 1989 to the late 1990s.	Gordon Sheer	luger
occupation	Roopa Iyer is an award winning socially conscientious film director, actor (TV and Film), dancer, choreographer, model, business executive, humanitarian, a philanthropist, and a philosopher.	Roopa Iyer	film director
occupation	Scott Martin Brooks (born April 6, 1972) is an American actor, best known for his appearance in the ``Whassup?'' series of television commercials for Budweiser brand of beer, as the character ``Dookie.''	Scott Martin Brooks	actor
occupation	Yang Renquan (仰仁詮) (d. 940s) was a general and politician of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms state Wuyue, eventually reaching the position of chancellor.	Yang Renquan	politician
occupation	Lucy Durán is an ethnomusicologist, record producer and radio presenter.	Lucy Durán	ethnomusicologist
occupation	Alfred Seaman was a professional Victorian and Edwardian photographer who ran a network of photographic portrait studios in the Midlands and North of England.	Alfred Seaman	photographer
occupation	Roy Hughes Williams (1874-1946) was a lawyer from the U.S. State of Ohio who served as a prosecutor, local and appellate judge, and was a justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio from 1934 until his death.	Roy Hughes Williams	lawyer
occupation	Hilda Borko (1951- ) is an educational psychologist who researches teacher cognition and changes in novice and experienced teachers' knowledge and beliefs.	Hilda Borko	psychologist
occupation	Erez Petrank is a computer scientist whose notable research contributions are in the fields of programming languages and computer systems (mostly on memory management), cryptography (mostly on theoretical foundations), computational complexity, and parallel computing.	Erez Petrank	computer scientist
occupation	Lorrie Moore (born Marie Lorena Moore; January 13, 1957) is an American fiction writer known mainly for her humorous and poignant short stories.	Lorrie Moore	writer
occupation	Carlene Carter (born Rebecca Carlene Smith; September 26, 1955) is an American country singer and songwriter.	Carlene Carter	singer and songwriter
occupation	Shivajirao Girdhar Patil is an Indian social activist and politician from the state of Maharashtra.	Shivajirao Girdhar Patil	politician
occupation	Hans Rosbaud (July 22, 1895 -- December 29, 1962), was an Austrian conductor, particularly associated with the music of the twentieth century.	Hans Rosbaud	conductor
occupation	Thierry Veltman (born December 16, 1939 in Bussum) is a Dutch painter, sculptor, ceramist and art educator.	Thierry Veltman	painter	sculptor	ceramist
occupation	Omkar Shah is an Indian politician who was the member of Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly from Bindranawagarh Assembly constituency (no 52) then Raipur district, (now Gariaband district), during 2003-2008.	Omkar Shah	politician
occupation	Jacqueline Peschard Mariscal, Mexican sociologist, is director Chairman of the Federal Institute for Access to Public Information since 2007, was city council's Federal Electoral Institute from 1997 to 2003.	Jacqueline Peschard	sociologist
occupation	Jimmy Abegg (born December 29, 1954), also known as Jimmy A, is an American guitarist, composer, director, photographer and artist, currently living in Nashville, Tennessee.	Jimmy Abegg	photographer
occupation	Jemal Karchkhadze (Georgian: ჯემალ ქარჩხაძე; 1936--1998) was a Georgian writer.	Jemal Karchkhadze	writer
occupation	Emily Faithfull (1835--1895) was an English women's rights activist, and publisher.	Emily Faithfull	women's rights activist	publisher
occupation	Emily Greene Balch (January 8, 1867 -- January 9, 1961) was an American economist, sociologist and pacifist.	Emily Greene Balch	economist	sociologist
occupation	Linda Leatherbarrow is a prize-winning Scottish writer and illustrator.	Linda Leatherbarrow	illustrator
occupation	Bruce Swedien is a Grammy Award-winning audio engineer and music producer.	Bruce Swedien	audio engineer
occupation	Marilyn Gambrell is a parole officer turned teacher who started the program No More Victims at the M.B. Smiley High School in Houston, Texas.	Marilyn Gambrell	teacher
occupation	Melissa Madden Gray, stage name Meow Meow, is an Australian-born actress, dancer and cabaret performer who tours internationally.	Melissa Madden Gray	dancer
occupation	İbrahim Kavrakoğlu is a Turkish engineer, Professor and Chairman of the Department of Industrial Engineering, Dean of the School of Engineering and Provost of Boğaziçi University.	İbrahim Kavrakoğlu	engineer
occupation	Steve Bowkett is a writer and hypnotherapist.	Steve Bowkett	writer
occupation	Sally Louisa Tompkins (November 9, 1833 -- July 26, 1916) was a humanitarian, nurse, and philanthropist.	Sally Louisa Tompkins	nurse
occupation	James Brydges, 3rd Duke of Chandos PC (27 December 1731 -- 29 September 1789), styled Viscount Wilton from birth until 1744 and Marquess of Carnarvon from 1744 to 1771, was a British peer and politician.	James Brydges, 3rd Duke of Chandos	politician
occupation	Mohamed Amanissi (born July 29, 1981) is a Moroccan boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics at Super Heavyweight.	Mohamed Amanissi	boxer
occupation	Charles Misodi Njapa (born March 3, 1976), better known by his stage name 88-Keys, is an American record producer and rapper.	88-Keys	rapper
occupation	Prodigal Sunn (real name, Lamar Ruff) is an American rapper, actor and entrepreneur.	Prodigal Sunn	rapper
occupation	Michael Skube is a former journalist who is on the faculty of the Elon University School of Communications.	Michael Skube	journalist
occupation	Christian Basso (born September 27, 1966), is an Argentine musician, known as both a composer and a multi-instrumentalist.	Christian Basso	musician	composer
occupation	Girolamo Buratti (active 1580) was an Italian painter of the late Renaissance, active in his native Ascoli Piceno.	Girolamo Buratti	painter
occupation	Nicholas Myrepsos (or Nicolaus Myrepsus, Greek: Νικόλαος Μυρεψός; Late 13th Century) was a Byzantine physician known chiefly for his compendium on medical science which is still extant.	Nicholas Myrepsos	physician
occupation	Dr Jonathan Hare is a British physicist and television presenter.	Jonathan Hare	physicist
occupation	Willis Whitfield (December 6, 1919 -- November 12, 2012) was an American physicist and inventor of the modern cleanroom, a room with a low level of pollutants used in manufacturing or scientific research.	Willis Whitfield	physicist	inventor
occupation	Jack Lutz is a theoretical computer scientist and computational theorist best known for developing the concepts of resource bounded measure and effective dimension.	Jack Lutz	computer scientist
occupation	Colonel John Hurley, Jacobite soldier and Rapparee, fl.	Colonel John Hurley	soldier
occupation	Dr Richard T. Holmes is an American ornithologist.	Richard T. Holmes	ornithologist
occupation	Kathryn North is an internationally renowned paediatric physician, neurologist, and clinical geneticist.	Kathryn North	neurologist	geneticist
occupation	Karl William (born c. 1995) is a Danish alternative music singer and songwriter who is signed to the Danish ArtPeople label.	Karl William	singer
occupation	George Harrison Shull (April 15, 1874 -- September 28, 1954) was an eminent American plant geneticist and the younger brother of botanical illustrator and plant breeder J. Marion Shull.	George Harrison Shull	geneticist
occupation	H. A. Perera (May 10, 1950 -- February 4, 2010) was a Sri Lankan actor who made a mark through his appearances on several popular television serials and films.	H. A. Perera	actor
occupation	I. Bernard Weinstein (c. 1930 -- November 3, 2008) was an American physician and researcher who studied the effect of pollutants and other environmental factors in causing cancer and headed the Comprehensive Cancer Center at Columbia University.	I. Bernard Weinstein	physician
occupation	Joseph Petracca (December 16, 1913 -- September 28, 1963) was an American novelist, short story writer, screenwriter, and television writer of Italian descent.	Joseph Petracca	novelist
occupation	José António Rondão Almeida ComIH (born in Elvas) is a Portuguese politician.	José António Rondão Almeida	politician
occupation	Ramin Raziani (Persian: رامین رضیانی‎) (born April 12, 1974) is a professional tennis player, tennis coach and entrepreneur.	Ramin Raziani	tennis player
occupation	Chantal Dumas (born 1959) is a sound artist based in Montreal.	Chantal Dumas	sound artist
occupation	At 21 years and 4 months, James Mackey became the third youngest poker player at the time to ever win a World Series of Poker bracelet when he won the 2007 $5,000 buy-in No-Limit Hold'em event.	James Mackey	poker player
occupation	David Jacob Cohen OBE (died February 9, 1959) was an Indian politician and a leading figure of the Baghdadi Jewish community in Calcutta.	David Jacob Cohen	politician
occupation	Rocio Restrepo Lugo (born 21 November 1987) is a Colombian bowler.	Rocio Restrepo	bowler
occupation	Matthew Christopher Sobaski is an American fashion designer mostly known for bridal wear.	Matthew Christopher	fashion designer
occupation	Miguel Frank (March 27, 1920 - August 9, 1994) was a Chilean writer, dramatist and lawyer.	Miguel Frank	writer
occupation	Charles Tolliver (born March 6, 1942) is an American jazz trumpeter and composer.	Charles Tolliver	composer
occupation	Mark Germino is an American folk rock and country singer-songwriter.	Mark Germino	songwriter
occupation	Hwang Yoon-Seok (Korean: 황윤석, born January 17, 1982), better known as Hwanhee (Korean: 환희), is a South Korean singer and actor.	Hwanhee	singer	actor
occupation	Uwe Schöning (born December 28, 1955) is a German computer scientist, known for his research in computational complexity theory.	Uwe Schöning	computer scientist
occupation	Harold J. Stone (March 3, 1913 -- November 18, 2005) was an American stage, radio, film, and television character actor.	Harold J. Stone	actor
occupation	Christopher O'Hoski (born in Ontario, Canada) is a painter from Stoney Creek, Ontario.	Christopher O'Hoski	painter
occupation	Linton Satterthwaite Jr. (1897--1978) was a Maya archaeologist and epigrapher and is primarily associated with the University Museum at the University of Pennsylvania.	Linton Satterthwaite	archaeologist
occupation	José Aníbal Delgado Fiallos (September 18, 1936 -- December 28, 2013) was a Honduran scholar, political analyst and politician.	Aníbal Delgado Fiallos	politician
occupation	Toby King (born 9 July 1990) is a professional rugby league player for Warrington in Super League.	Toby King	rugby league player
occupation	Augustus Noble Hand (July 26, 1869 -- October 28, 1954) was an American judge who served on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and later on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.	Augustus Noble Hand	judge
occupation	Taizo Ichinose (一ノ瀬 泰造, November 1, 1947 -- November 29, 1973) was a Japanese war photographer.	Taizo Ichinose	photographer
occupation	Władysław Sadłowski was a renowned Polish architect and a graduate of the Lwów Technical Academy.	Władysław Sadłowski	architect
occupation	Shon Adams, better known by his stage name E-A-Ski, is an American rapper and producer from Oakland, California.	E-A-Ski	rapper
occupation	Roberto Dutesco (born June 6, 1961) is a Romanian-born Canadian artist, photographer and filmmaker.	Roberto Dutesco	photographer
occupation	Dan Lacey is an American painter, whose work commonly features icons and figures from popular culture, politics, and Internet Memes.	Dan Lacey	painter
occupation	Kai Tier is a Melbourne-based standup comic/actor.	Kai Tier	actor
occupation	Örjan Sandred (b. June 15, 1964) is a Swedish composer and is a Professor in Composition at the Marcel A. Desautels Faculty of Music at the University of Manitoba in Canada.	Örjan Sandred	composer
occupation	Christina Liu (Chinese: 劉憶如; pinyin: Liú Yìrú) is a Taiwanese politician.	Christina Liu	politician
occupation	William Henry Chamberlin (February 17, 1897 -- September 12, 1969) was an American historian and journalist.	William Henry Chamberlin	historian	journalist
occupation	Annette Beard Sterling Helton Simmons (born July 4, 1943), formerly known as Annette Beard is an American R&B and soul singer.	Annette Beard	singer
occupation	Valentin Todercan (born May 13, 1961) is a Moldovan screen and stage actor, producer, screenwriter and director.	Valentin Todercan	screenwriter
occupation	Chevol Grant, better known by his stage name Indecka is a Jamaican Reggae & Dancehall singer and songwriter.	Indecka	songwriter
occupation	Jane Lui is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist based in Southern California.	Jane Lui	singer-songwriter
occupation	The Master of Latin 757 (fl c. 1380--1395) is the name given to a Lombard painter of illuminated manuscripts whose work is very poorly known.	Master of Latin 757	painter
occupation	Greg Lawrence is a Canadian politician elected to represent the electoral district of Moose Jaw Wakamow in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the 2011 election.	Greg Lawrence	politician
occupation	Jeff Fuchs is an explorer, mountaineer and writer.	Jeff Fuchs	explorer
occupation	Rocío Rodríguez (born Cuba, 1952) is a painter who lives in Atlanta, Georgia.	Rocío Rodríguez	painter
occupation	Mahrez Mebarek (Arabic: محرز مبارك‎; born February 11, 1985) is an Algerian former swimmer, who specialized in freestyle events.	Mahrez Mebarek	swimmer
occupation	David Van Vactor (May 8, 1906 -- March 24, 1994) was an American composer of contemporary classical music.	David Van Vactor	composer
occupation	Richard O. Eymann (February 3, 1919 -- September 26, 2005) was an American businessman and politician in the state of Oregon.	Richard O. Eymann	politician
occupation	Sun Nan (born February 18, 1969) is a famous pop singer from mainland China.	Sun Nan	singer
occupation	Steve Zodiac (pseudonym adopted from the lead character of Fireball XL5) is a rock guitarist and prolific songwriter, who gained recognition in the early 1980s as frontman of New Wave Of British Heavy Metal band Vardis.	Steve Zodiac	guitarist
occupation	William Farrand Prosser (March 16, 1834 -- September 23, 1911) was an American politician who served in the United States House of Representatives representing Tennessee, and was a Union Colonel in the American Civil War.	William Farrand Prosser	politician
occupation	Paul Guest (born in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is an American poet and memoirist.	Paul Guest	poet
occupation	Karol Szajnocha (1818-1868) was a Polish writer, historian, and independence activist.	Karol Szajnocha	writer	historian
occupation	Donna Hanover (born c. 1950) is an American journalist, radio and television personality, television producer, and actress, who appears on WOR radio in New York City and the Food Network.	Donna Hanover	journalist
occupation	Lea Seong is a South Korean born fashion designer.	Lea Seong	fashion designer
occupation	Tan Sri Khoo Kay Kim (Chinese: 邱家金) (born 1937) is a Chinese Malaysian historian and academic.	Khoo Kay Kim	historian
occupation	Ittiyanath Kunhikrishna Menon (December 9, 1919 -- January 12, 2013), better known as I. K. K. Menon or I. K. K. M., was a Malayalam language writer from Kerala, India.	I. K. K. Menon	writer
occupation	Robin Gianattassio-Malle is an American journalist and producer specializing in the use of aural and visual media and is Founder and Executive Director of Blue Egg Media, established in 2008.	Robin Gianattassio-Malle	journalist
occupation	Georg Heinrich Brandes (German: (ˈbʀandəs)) was a German painter.	Heinrich Brandes	painter
occupation	Elena Žalinkevičaitė-Petrauskienė (September 23, 1900 -- May 23, 1986) was an Lithuanian actor, poet, dramatist.	Elena Žalinkevičaitė-Petrauskienė	actor
occupation	Coty Wheeler (October 11, 1978) is an American mixed martial artist, who is perhaps best known for his four fight stint with now-defunct promotion World Extreme Cagefighting.	Coty Wheeler	mixed martial artist
occupation	Janis Tarchuk is a Canadian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Banff-Cochrane as a Progressive Conservative.	Janis Tarchuk	politician
occupation	Yulia Berger (born August 5, 1991) is an artistic gymnast.	Yulia Berger	artistic gymnast
occupation	Martin Kove (born March 6, 1946) is an American film and television actor known for his work in films such as Rambo:	Martin Kove	actor
occupation	K. M. Radha Krishnan is an Indian music composer who composes music for Tollywood films.	K. M. Radha Krishnan	composer
occupation	Juan Martín Jauregui (Born on Mar de Plata, Argentina), is an Argentine actor, who currently resides in Mexico city, Mexico since 1999, known for participating in several telenovelas of Telemundo and TV Azteca.	Juan Martín Jauregui	actor
occupation	James F. Walker (October 8, 1913 -- February 5, 1994) was an award-winning graphic artist, twice named to the 100 Best New Talent List by Art in America.	James F. Walker	artist
occupation	Marta Schumann (born February 4, 1919 in Valldal in Norddal, died April 24, 1994 in Molde) is a Norwegian novelist, poet and short story writer.	Marta Schumann	poet
occupation	Johann Heinrich Walch (1776--1855), was a German conductor, chamber musician and choral master for both the Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg as well as of the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, in Gotha in the current German state Thüringen.	Johann Heinrich Walch	conductor
occupation	Samson Wertheimer (January 17, 1658 -- August 6, 1724) was chief rabbi of Hungary and Moravia, and rabbi of Eisenstadt.	Samson Wertheimer	rabbi
occupation	Liddy Hegewald (1884--1950) was a German film producer of the silent and early sound eras.	Liddy Hegewald	film producer
occupation	Mazhar ul Islam (Urdu: مظہرالاسلام‎) (born 4 August 1949) is a Pakistani short story writer and novelist.	Mazhar ul Islam	novelist
occupation	Tilahun Gessesse (September 29, 1940 -- April 19, 2009) was an Ethiopian singer regarded as one of the most popular of his country's ``Golden Age'' in the 1960s.	Tilahun Gessesse	singer
occupation	Derk Cheetwood (born October 8, 1973) is an American actor who appears on the soap opera General Hospital on a recurring basis as mob enforcer Max Giambetti, who works for mob boss Sonny Corinthos.	Derk Cheetwood	actor
occupation	Larry Temkin is an American philosopher specializing in normative ethics and political philosophy.	Larry Temkin	philosopher
occupation	Karima Kibble (born Karima Trotter) is a Gospel singer, and a founding member of the gospel group Virtue.	Karima Kibble	singer
occupation	Esmeralda Zenteno Urizar (Antofagasta, July 18, 1880 -?), known by her pseudonym Vera Zouroff, was a Chilean feminist, editor, writer, novelist, poet, and correspondent.	Vera Zouroff	writer
occupation	Bjørn Holter better known for his stage name Narrenschiff is a Norwegian singer-songwriter of the band Illnath.	Bjørn Holter	singer
occupation	Esteban Cortázar (born May 17, 1984) is a noted fashion designer.	Esteban Cortázar	fashion designer
occupation	Elimu Nelson (pronounced Ay-lee-moo, meaning knowledge and education in Swahili) is a film and television actor.	Elimu Nelson	actor
occupation	Jesse Hutch (born February 12, 1981) is a Canadian-born film and television actor.	Jesse Hutch	actor
occupation	Tim Madison (better known as Vadge Moore) is an American musician and author, best known as the drummer of punk band The Dwarves.	Tim Madison	musician
occupation	Donald Olsen (23 July 1919 - 21 March 2015) was an important mid-20th-century Bay Area architect.	Donald Olsen	architect
occupation	Miss Kumari Memmorial Mini Stadium was built in Bharananganam which was inaugurated by Veteran actor Prem Nazir.	Miss Kumari	actor
occupation	Rick Remender (born February 6, 1973) is an American comic book writer and artist who resides in Los Angeles, California.	Rick Remender	writer
occupation	Kumar Govind is an Indian actor and director in the Kannada film industry, known for starring in a few hit films.	Kumar Govind	actor
occupation	Larry Attard (born December 31, 1951 in Malta) is a retired Hall of Fame Champion jockey and current horse trainer in Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing.	Larry Attard	jockey
occupation	Paul Stojanovich (February 13, 1956 -- March 15, 2003) was an American television producer whose notable creations include American Detective (1991--1993) and World's Wildest Police Videos (1998--2001).	Paul Stojanovich	television producer
occupation	Antonio d'Enrico, called Tanzio da Varallo, or simply il Tanzio (c. 1575/1580 -- c. 1632/1633) was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist or early Baroque period.	Tanzio da Varallo	painter
occupation	Madelyn Vega is a Puerto Rican journalist and attorney who works as Judge for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and was an anchor and reporter for Telemundo in New York for over a decade.	Madelyn Vega	journalist
occupation	Henry F. Mann was an inventor and blacksmith.	Henry F. Mann	blacksmith
occupation	Paris Smith is an American actress and singer commonly known for playing Maddie Van Pelt in the Nickelodeon show Every Witch Way.	Paris Smith	singer
occupation	Andrew N. Meltzoff (born February 9, 1950) is an American psychologist and an internationally recognized expert on infant and child development.	Andrew N. Meltzoff	psychologist
occupation	Stanley Matthew Mitruk (January 22, 1922 - December 10, 2006) was an American artist who worked in the Modernist style.	Stanley Matthew Mitruk	artist
occupation	Drubskin, also known as ``Drub'' (August 14, 1973; born in Derby, Connecticut) is a fetish artist most known for his homoerotic illustrations and comic book work.	Drubskin	artist
occupation	Charles Bernard Scaggs (born October 25, 1965) is an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name 2 Cold Scorpio.	2 Cold Scorpio	professional wrestler
occupation	Robert Duncan Coutts (born February 4, 1969) is a Canadian musician, best known for being the bassist for Our Lady Peace since 1995.	Duncan Coutts	musician
occupation	Nathaniel Hawthorne (/ˈhɔːˌθɔːrn/; born Nathaniel Hathorne; July 4, 1804 -- May 19, 1864) was an American novelist, Dark Romantic, and short story writer.	Nathaniel Hawthorne	novelist	writer
occupation	Mike Nacua (born June 14, 1973), better known as Pekto, is a Filipino actor, comedian and television host.	Pekto	comedian
occupation	Marshall Holman (born September 29, 1954 in San Francisco, California) is an American professional bowler primarily known for his flamboyant success on the PBA Tour throughout the 1970s and 1980s.	Marshall Holman	bowler
occupation	Austorc de Segret or Austau de Segret (fl. 1270) was an Auvergnat troubadour with only one surviving sirventes, ``No sai quim so, tan sui desconoissens''.	Austorc de Segret	troubadour
occupation	Abu Abd Allah Mohammed ibn Abdun al-Jabali al-Adadi (died after 976) was a physician and mathematician from Al-Andalus.	Mohammed ibn Abdun al-Jabali	physician	mathematician
occupation	William Thomas Kinkade III (January 19, 1958 -- April 6, 2012) was an American painter of popular realistic, pastoral, and idyllic subjects.	Thomas Kinkade	painter
occupation	Zascha Moktan (Nepali: ज़स्चा मोक्तान; born 23 December 1981) is a Nepalese-German singer, pianist and guitarist.	Zascha Moktan	singer
occupation	Paula Gosling (born 1939) is a United States-born crime writer.	Paula Gosling	writer
occupation	Cristian Imparato (born February 24, 1996) is an Italian singer best known for winning the first edition of the talent show hosted by Gerry Scotti, Io Canto.	Cristian Imparato	singer
occupation	Henry Earl Singleton (November 27, 1916 -- August 31, 1999) was an American electrical engineer, business executive, and rancher/land owner.	Henry Earl Singleton	engineer
occupation	Salvatore Nocita (born 30 July 1934) is an Italian television and film director, editor and screenwriter.	Salvatore Nocita	screenwriter
occupation	Carl Robert Zelnick (born August 9, 1940) is an American journalist, author and professor of journalism at the Boston University College of Communication, and winner of two Emmy Awards and two Gavel Awards.	Robert Zelnick	journalist
occupation	Nikhil Paul George is a singer, guitarist, bassist, record producer, arranger and composer of Indian origin based in London.	Nikhil Paul George	singer
occupation	Mohammad Hassan Ganji Ph.D (Persian: محمدحسن گنجی‎‎), (June 11, 1912 -- July 19, 2012) was an Iranian meteorologist and academic.	Mohammad Hassan Ganji	meteorologist
occupation	Alexander Sergeyevich Yakovlev (Russian: Алекса́ндр Серге́евич Я́ковлев) (April 1 (O.S. March 19) 1906 -- August 22, 1989) was a Soviet aeronautical engineer.	Alexander Sergeyevich Yakovlev	engineer
occupation	Moni Bhattacharjee (Hindi: मोनी भट्टाचार्य) was an Indian film director and screenwriter of the 1960s who directed Hindi language films.	Moni Bhattacharjee	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Ida Augusta Keller (June 11, 1866 -- September 10, 1932) was an American plant physiologist and teacher in Philadelphia.	Ida Augusta Keller	physiologist
occupation	John Kneubuhl (July 2, 1920 - February 20, 1992) was an American Samoan screenwriter, playwright and Polynesian historian.	John Kneubuhl	screenwriter	playwright
occupation	Mela Lee is an American voice actress and singer in the Los Angeles area.	Mela Lee	singer
occupation	Choerilus of Iasus (Greek: Χοιρίλος) was an epic poet of Iasus in Caria, who lived in the 4th century BC. He accompanied Alexander the Great on his campaigns as court-poet.	Choerilus of Iasus	poet
occupation	Donald A. Yerxa is an author, editor and historian.	Donald A. Yerxa	historian
occupation	Dwayne Turner was born in Brooklyn, New York and began his career as a comic book artist during the end of high school.	Dwayne Turner	artist
occupation	Bisi Ezerioha (born January 6, 1972) a.k.a. Ndubisi Ezerioha, is a professional racing driver, engine builder, engineer, and industrialist.	Bisi Ezerioha	racing driver
occupation	Hélisenne de Crenne was a French novelist, epistolary writer and translator during the Renaissance.	Hélisenne de Crenne	translator
occupation	Maurice Allard (January 2, 1922 -- September 14, 1988) was a Canadian politician, as well as a law professor and a lawyer.	Maurice Allard	politician	lawyer
occupation	S. Gunatillake (full name and details unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kandy.	S. Gunatillake	cricketer
occupation	Greg Richardson (born February 7, 1958 in Youngstown, Ohio) is a former boxer who was WBC Bantamweight Champion between February 25, 1991, and September 19, 1991.	Greg Richardson	boxer
occupation	Whitford Kane (January 30, 1881 -- December 17, 1956) was a noted Irish-born American stage and screen character actor remembered for playing the First Gravedigger in numerous productions of Shakespeare's Hamlet and by the students that attended his drama classes over a career that spanned nearly six decades.	Whitford Kane	actor
occupation	Jim Brickman (born November 20, 1961) is an American songwriter and pianist of pop and adult contemporary music, as well as a radio show host.	Jim Brickman	pianist
occupation	Nathan Stickman is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist who plays his own brand of rock music which falls under the category of Adult Alternative or AAA.	Nathan Stickman	singer-songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Eve Beglarian (born Ann Arbor, Michigan, U.S., July 22, 1958) is a contemporary American composer, performer and audio producer of Armenian descent.	Eve Beglarian	composer
occupation	Ivo John Lederer (December 11, 1929 -- June 18, 1998) was a diplomatic historian who taught at Princeton (1955--57), Yale (1957--65) and Stanford (1965--77) universities.	Ivo John Lederer	historian
occupation	Sean Michael Becker (born February 17, 1981) is an American film director, film producer and editor who is best known for directing Felicia Day's web series, The Guild.	Sean Michael Becker	film director
occupation	Álvaro Moerzinger (born Montevideo, 1949) is a Uruguayan lawyer and diplomat.	Álvaro Moerzinger	diplomat
occupation	Rupert Wildt (/ˈvɪlt/; June 25, 1905 -- January 9, 1976) was a German-American astronomer.	Rupert Wildt	astronomer
occupation	Kely Bastien is a Haitian politician who has served as president of the Senate of Haiti since 2006.	Kely Bastien	politician
occupation	Aled Pugh is a Welsh actor who has worked extensively in television roles and movies in both Welsh and English medium.	Aled Pugh	actor
occupation	Mr. Reşat Çağlar is a diplomat from the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.	Reşat Çağlar	diplomat
occupation	John Symme, of Canterbury, Kent, was a 14th-century English politician.	John Symme	politician
occupation	Robert Mark Goresky (born 1950) is a Canadian mathematician who invented intersection homology with Robert MacPherson.	Mark Goresky	mathematician
occupation	Aeign Zackrey Nash Victoriano Aguas (born October 10, 1998), simply known as Nash Aguas, is a Filipino actor, singer and model.	Nash Aguas	actor
occupation	Tibor Šalát (May 13, 1926 -- May 14, 2005) was a Slovak mathematician, professor of mathematics, and Doctor of Mathematics who specialized in number theory and real analysis.	Tibor Šalát	mathematician
occupation	Val Lewton (May 7, 1904 -- March 14, 1951) was a Russian-American film producer and screenwriter best known for a string of low-budget horror films he produced for RKO Pictures in the 1940s.	Val Lewton	film producer	screenwriter
occupation	Yasmine Petty is a transgender American model of Moroccan and Italian descent.	Yasmine Petty	model
occupation	Lacydes of Cyrene (Greek: Λακύδης), Greek philosopher, was head of the Academy at Athens in succession to Arcesilaus from 241 BC. He was forced to resign c. 215 BC due to ill-health, and he died c. 205 BC. Nothing survives of his works.	Lacydes of Cyrene	philosopher
occupation	Washington Irving (April 3, 1783 -- November 28, 1859) was an American author, essayist, biographer, historian, and diplomat of the early 19th century.	Washington Irving	essayist	diplomat
occupation	Jéssica Andrade (born September 25, 1991) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Ultimate Fighting Championship's Bantamweight division.	Jéssica Andrade	mixed martial artist
occupation	James David Barber (July 31, 1930 -- September 12, 2004) was a political scientist whose book The Presidential Character made him famous for his classification of presidents through their worldviews.	James David Barber	political scientist
occupation	Pandit Vijay Raghav Rao (Vijaya Raghava Rao) (November 3, 1925 - November 30, 2011) was an Indian flutist, composer, choreographer, musicologist, poet and fiction writer.	Vijay Raghav Rao	composer	choreographer	musicologist
occupation	Bartholomew W. Hogan (born on January 29, 1901 in Quincy, Massachusetts) was a psychiatrist, professor and Naval officer.	Bartholomew W. Hogan	psychiatrist
occupation	Judith Lewis Herman (born 1942) is a psychiatrist, researcher, teacher, and author who has focused on the understanding and treatment of incest and traumatic stress.	Judith Lewis Herman	psychiatrist	author
occupation	Earl J. Silbert (March 8, 1936) is a prominent American lawyer who served as United States Attorney for the District of Columbia from 1974 to 1979, and served, along with two other U.S. Attorneys, as the first prosecutor in the infamous Watergate scandal.	Earl J. Silbert	lawyer	prosecutor
occupation	Lynne Mapp Drexler (1928--1999) was an American abstract and representational artist, who was a painter and photographer.	Lynne Mapp Drexler	painter
occupation	Bobby Joe Young (born March 4, 1959) is a former boxer from Steubenville, Ohio.	Bobby Joe Young	boxer
occupation	Miroslav Macháček (May 8, 1922 -- February 17, 1991) was a Czech theatre director and an actor.	Miroslav Macháček	director	actor
occupation	Jamal Osman (Somali: Jamaal Cismaan, Arabic: جمال عثمان‎) is a Somali journalist, filmmaker and broadcast reporter.	Jamal Osman	journalist
occupation	Ralph Delahaye Paine (August 28, 1871 -- April 29, 1925) was an American journalist and author popular in the early 20th century.	Ralph Delahaye Paine	journalist
occupation	Def Jef is the stage name of Jeffrey Fortson (born September 27, 1966), an American alternative hip hop musician and rapper of the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Def Jef	rapper
occupation	Jan Zaleski (March 8, 1869 in Kalwaria Augustowska -- August 22, 1932 in Warsaw) was a Polish biochemist.	Jan Zaleski	biochemist
occupation	Jami Deadly (born May 18, 1979) (also credited as Jami Edwards) is an American-born actress, glamour model, singer, burlesque dancer and horror host.	Jami Deadly	model
occupation	Alberto Mijangos (born July 25, 1925, Mexico City - June 19, 2007 San Antonio, Texas) was a Mexican American artist and painter.	Alberto Mijangos	artist	painter
occupation	Leon De La Mothe (December 26, 1880 -- June 12, 1943) was an American film director, actor and screenwriter of the silent era.	Leon De La Mothe	film director	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Justine Cassell (born March 19, 1960) is an American professor and researcher interested in human-human conversation, human-computer interaction, and storytelling.	Justine Cassell	researcher
occupation	Lanardo Tyner (born August 2, 1975 in Detroit, Michigan) is a professional boxer in the Welterweight division.	Lanardo Tyner	boxer
occupation	Robert W. Thurston is an American historian, author, and former history professor at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.	Robert W. Thurston	historian
occupation	Hubert Duprat is a French artist known for his unusual work, an artistic intersection between caddisfly larvae and gold, opal, turquoise and other precious stones.	Hubert Duprat	artist
occupation	Na Hoon-a (Korean: 나훈아) is a South Korean trot singer who began singing in the 1960s and 70s.	Na Hoon-a	singer
occupation	Frank Luther (August 4, 1899 - November 16, 1980) was an American country music singer, dance band vocalist, playwright, songwriter and pianist.	Frank Luther	singer
occupation	George Loraine Stampa (1875--1951) was a British artist, a contributor to Punch and other illustrated papers and magazines.	George Loraine Stampa	artist
occupation	John Edward Macfarlane (born March 28, 1942) is the editor of the Canadian magazine The Walrus.	John Edward Macfarlane	editor
occupation	Yuri Villefort (born March 23, 1991) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in Ultimate Fighting Championship's welterweight division.	Yuri Villefort	mixed martial artist
occupation	Don Hannah (born in Shediac, New Brunswick) is a Canadian playwright and novelist.	Don Hannah	novelist
occupation	Pierre Alexandre is a writer, a journalist and a businessman.	Pierre Alexandre	writer	journalist
occupation	Sally Floyd was a computer scientist at the International Computer Science Institute in Berkeley, California.	Sally Floyd	computer scientist
occupation	Mira Sethi (born 1986 or 1987) is a Pakistani journalist and actor.	Mira Sethi	actor
occupation	Phil Winston is an award winning English dancer, dance teacher and choreographer.	Phil Winston	choreographer
occupation	Godfrey Gao (Chinese: 高以翔; born September 22, 1984) is a Taiwanese-born Canadian model and actor.	Godfrey Gao	actor
occupation	Hugo Charlton is a practising criminal barrister, international human rights lawyer, environmental activist, broadcaster and commentator.	Hugo Charlton	barrister
occupation	Charles Washington Merrill (December 21, 1869 -- February 5, 1958) was an American mining metallurgist.	Charles Washington Merrill	metallurgist
occupation	Larry Rickles (May 12, 1970 -- December 3, 2011) was an American screenwriter, film and television producer.	Larry Rickles	screenwriter
occupation	Joseph Chaikin (September 16, 1935 -- June 22, 2003) was an American theatre director, actor, playwright, and pedagogue.	Joseph Chaikin	theatre director	actor	playwright
occupation	Grigore Grigoriu (April 4, 1941 -- December 20, 2003) was a Soviet and Moldavian actor.	Grigore Grigoriu	actor
occupation	Anatole Boris Volkov (October 29, 1924 -- November 28, 2000) was an American physicist, allegedly serving as a courier for the Silvermaster spy ring between Washington, D.C. and New York City.	Anatole Boris Volkov	physicist
occupation	Michel Collon is a Belgian writer, journalist, and historian.	Michel Collon	writer	journalist	historian
occupation	Lizzette Kattan, is a Honduran-born fashion editor that worked between Milan and New York from 1976 until 1986 for Harper's Bazaar Italy, Harper's Bazaar France, Uomo Harper's Bazaar and Italian Cosmopolitan.	Lizzette Kattan	fashion editor
occupation	Samuel Uziel was a Talmudist and scholar of the 17th century, rabbi of Livorno.	Samuel Uziel	rabbi
occupation	João Cardoso de Meneses e Sousa, Baron of Paranapiacaba (April 25, 1827 -- February 2, 1915) was a Brazilian poet, translator, journalist, lawyer and politician.	João Cardoso de Meneses e Sousa, Baron of Paranapiacaba	journalist
occupation	Edward Joseph Young (November 29, 1907 -- February 14, 1968) was a Reformed theologian and an Old Testament scholar at Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from 1936 until his death.	Edward Joseph Young	theologian
occupation	Thomas A. Carew was a sculptor in Boston, Massachusetts, active between 1843-1860 in collaboration with Joseph Carew as the firm Carew & Brother.	Thomas A. Carew	sculptor
occupation	Lobo Chan (born October 15, 1960) is a British opera singer and actor perhaps best known for his role in Peter Jackson's 2005 remake of King Kong.	Lobo Chan	opera singer	actor
occupation	Nattawut Saikua (Thai: ณัฐวุฒิ ใสยเกื้อ; rtgs: Natthawut Sai-kuea; born June 4, 1975) is a Thai politician.	Nattawut Saikua	politician
occupation	Ellis E. Williams (born June 28, 1951) is an American film and television actor/comedian who is better known for playing ``Henry Hugley'' (father of Darryl Hughley, played by comedian D.L. Hughley) on the sitcom, The Hughleys.	Ellis E. Williams	actor
occupation	John V. Farrelly (born 4 November 1954) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician and auctioneer.	John V. Farrelly	politician
occupation	Alpesh Patel (born February 19, 1972) is an Indian-American film director, screenwriter, producer and editor.	Alpesh Patel	film director
occupation	Lewis Porter is a jazz pianist and musicologist, educator and author.	Lewis Porter	pianist	author
occupation	Mary Novik is the author of two novels set in the past, Conceit and Muse, in which fiction and fact are creatively mingled.	Mary Novik	author
occupation	Prof. Dr. Abdulahi Ahmed Afrah is a Somali politician who hails from the Waesle clan (an Abgaal subclan).	Abdulahi Ahmed Afrah	politician
occupation	Irakli Bolkvadze (Georgian: ირაკლი ბოლქვაძე; born December 12, 1994 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Georgian swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events.	Irakli Bolkvadze	swimmer
occupation	Tadhg Kelly (/ˈteɪɡ/; born October 3, 1988) is an American actor and film producer.	Tadhg Kelly	actor
occupation	Jamie Mackenzie (born February 28, 1989) is a Canadian international rugby union player who plays as a scrum-half.	Jamie Mackenzie	rugby union player
occupation	Singleton Palmer (November 13, 1913, St. Louis, Missouri -- March 8, 1993, St. Louis) was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist and bandleader.	Singleton Palmer	bandleader
occupation	Dalmacio Vélez Sarsfield (February 18, 1800 -- June 30, 1875) was an Argentine lawyer and politician who wrote the Argentine Civil Code of 1869, which remained in force until 2015, when it was replaced by the new Código Civil y Comercial de la Nación.	Dalmacio Vélez Sarsfield	lawyer	politician
occupation	John Percy Page also known as J. Percy Page (May 14, 1887 -- March 2, 1973) was a Canadian teacher, basketball coach, provincial politician, and the eighth Lieutenant Governor of Alberta.	John Percy Page	basketball coach	politician
occupation	Arthur Friedman is an American film producer and former studio executive at Warner Bros. Pictures.	Arthur Friedman	film producer
occupation	Naeem Ashraf (نعیم اشرف) was born 15 November 1972, Lahore, Punjab and is a former Pakistani cricketer who played two One Day International matches in 1995.	Naeem Ashraf	cricketer
occupation	Robert Glenn Ketchum (born December 1, 1947) is a landscape and nature photographer whose work has a strong environmental advocacy message.	Robert Glenn Ketchum	photographer
occupation	Robin Bacul (born August 6, 1979) is a former ice hockey player from the Czech Republic.	Robin Bacul	ice hockey player
occupation	Justin Lazard (born November 30, 1966) is an American actor, producer, director, and model.	Justin Lazard	actor
occupation	Feodor Dietz (29 May 1813 -- 18 November 1870) was a German historical and battle painter.	Feodor Dietz	painter
occupation	Eddie Alderson (born October 27, 1994) is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Matthew Buchanan on the ABC Daytime American soap opera One Life to Live in 2001 until 2012.	Eddie Alderson	actor
occupation	John Wesley Blassingame (March 23, 1940 -- February 13, 2000) was an American scholar, historian, educator, writer, and pioneer in the study of American slavery.	John Wesley Blassingame	historian
occupation	Cara Luft is a singer-songwriter, guitarist and clawhammer banjo player, and founding member of the Canadian folk trio The Wailin' Jennys.	Cara Luft	singer
occupation	Ma Kwok Po (Chinese: 馬國寶; Jyutping: maa5 gwok3 bou2), also known as Panda ma, is a former Hong Kong national windsurfer.	Ma Kwok Po	windsurfer
occupation	Heraclides of Tarentum (Greek: Ἡρακλείδης; fl. 3rd -- 2nd century BC), was a Greek physician of the Empiric school who wrote commentaries on the works of Hippocrates.	Heraclides of Tarentum	physician
occupation	Evelyn Chan is a Singaporean bowler.	Evelyn Chan	bowler
occupation	Matthew Hackett is a computer graphics animator.	Matthew Hackett	animator
occupation	Jared Drake Bell (born June 27, 1986) is an American actor, voice actor, singer-songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist.	Drake Bell	actor	singer-songwriter
occupation	Emmanuel Berchmans Devlin, KC (December 24, 1872 -- August 30, 1921) was a Canadian lawyer and politician.	Emmanuel Berchmans Devlin	politician
occupation	Mahad Abdalle Awad (Somali: Mahad Cabdulle cawad, Arabic: مهد عبدالله عوض‎) is a Somali politician.	Mahad Abdalle Awad	politician
occupation	Juan Formell (August 2, 1942 -- May 1, 2014) was a Cuban bassist, composer, and arranger, best known as the director of Los Van Van.	Juan Formell	composer
occupation	Craig Leon (born 7 January 1952) is an American-born record producer, composer and arranger currently living in England.	Craig Leon	record producer	composer
occupation	Tim Haines is a screenwriter, producer and director who is best known for his work on the BBC popular science shows Walking with Dinosaurs, Walking with Beasts, and Walking with Monsters.	Tim Haines	screenwriter
occupation	Ken Merckx (born June 24, 1964) is a screen actor/voice actor who is also known as Ken Merchx and Ken Ring.	Ken Merckx	voice actor
occupation	Margaret Youngblood (February 23, 1891 -- May 3, 1969) better known by her stage name Margaret Young, was an American singer and comedienne who was popular in the 1920s.	Margaret Young	singer
occupation	Christopher Toland (born June 21, 1985 in San Francisco, CA, U.S.) is an American figure skater.	Christopher Toland	figure skater
occupation	Ken Zheng (born April 5, 1995) is an Indonesian actor, screenwriter and martial artist.	Ken Zheng	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Stephen J. Lawrence (AKA Stephen Lawrence) is an American composer, living and working in New York City.	Stephen J. Lawrence	composer
occupation	Lester Chambers (born April 13, 1940, Mississippi, United States) is an American recording artist, and member and lead singer of the 1960s soul rock group The Chambers Brothers, who had the hit single, ``Time Has Come Today''.	Lester Chambers	singer
occupation	Nourhanne (Arabic: نورهان‎ born November 2, 1977) also transliterated as Nourhan, is a Lebanese singer.	Nourhanne	singer
occupation	Shen Buhai was the earliest known political philosopher to have been influenced by Huang-Lao, combining political methodology with Taoistic thought.	Shen Buhai	philosopher
occupation	Gerhart Friedlander (born Friedländer, July 28, 1916 -- September 6, 2009) was a nuclear chemist who worked on the Manhattan Project.	Gerhart Friedlander	chemist
occupation	Dettinger is a German record producer signed to Germany's Cologne based Kompakt label.	Dettinger	record producer
occupation	Ralph Simpson Kuykendall (April 12, 1885 -- May 9, 1963) was an American historian who served as the trustee and secretary of the Hawaiian Historical Society from 1922 to 1932.	Ralph Simpson Kuykendall	historian
occupation	Tod Dockstader (March 20, 1932 -- February 27, 2015) was an American composer of electronic music, and particularly musique concrète.	Tod Dockstader	composer
occupation	Kent Franklin McWhirter (born September 26, 1942), known by his stage name Kent McCord, is an American actor, best known for his role as Officer Jim Reed on the television series Adam-12.	Kent McCord	actor
occupation	Abid Khan (born Muhammad Abid Khan) (1953--2000) was a Pakistani comedian, and stage and TV actor.	Abid Khan	actor
occupation	Carlo Speridone Mariotti (Perugia, 1726-1790) was an Italian painter; he often painted genre scenes.	Carlo Speridone Mariotti	painter
occupation	Walter Lowenfels (May 10, 1897 -- July 7, 1976) was an American poet, journalist, and member of the Communist Party USA.	Walter Lowenfels	journalist
occupation	Jeong Jae-heon (Korean: 정재헌; born April 18, 1975) is a South Korean voice actor and actor.	Jeong Jae-heon	voice actor	actor
occupation	Michael C. Moynihan is an American journalist and the cultural news editor for The Daily Beast/Newsweek and the managing editor of Vice magazine.	Michael C. Moynihan	journalist
occupation	M. K. Turk (May 20, 1942 -- December 6, 2013) was an American college basketball coach and player.	M. K. Turk	basketball coach
occupation	Zev Vilnay (Hebrew: זאב וילנאי‎, 1900--1988) was an Israeli geographer, author and lecturer.	Zev Vilnay	geographer
occupation	Hubert Badanai (January 11, 1895 -- September 19, 1986) was a Canadian automobile dealer and politician.	Hubert Badanai	politician
occupation	Antonio Castro Leal (March 2, 1896 -- January 7, 1981) was a Mexican diplomat and intellectual.	Antonio Castro Leal	diplomat
occupation	Marwan Ali (in Arabic مروان علي) is a Tunisian pop singer, the winner of the Arab Super Star show, a version of the British show Pop Idol.	Marwan Ali	singer
occupation	Wardell Edwin Bond (April 9, 1903 -- November 5, 1960), known professionally as Ward Bond, was a prolific American film character actor whose rugged appearance and easygoing charm were featured in over 200 films and the television series Wagon Train.	Ward Bond	character actor
occupation	Colin Keith Gray is a Canadian actor, writer and film director.	Colin Keith Gray	film director
occupation	Ghulam Faruq Yaqubi was an Afghan politician and Army General.	Ghulam Faruq Yaqubi	politician
occupation	Morris DeHaven Tracy was a prominent journalist of the 1920s and 1930s, who covered for the United Press wire service many of the important stories of the day, such as the Scopes Evolution Trial, the election of Pope Pius XII, and the tour of Canada of the then Prince of Wales.	Morris DeHaven Tracy	journalist
occupation	Production company, Prospero Productions, explained that the series ``follows acclaimed actor and comedian Martin Clunes as he explores the most diverse, intriguing, remote and spectacular islands that surround Australia''.	Martin Clunes	comedian
occupation	Greg B. Abbott ``Greg Abbott'' (born May 2, 1950) is a prominent American businessperson, investor, entrepreneur and novelist.	Greg B. Abbott	investor	entrepreneur
occupation	Chrysanthius of Sardis (Greek: Χρυσάνθιος) was a Greek philosopher of the 4th century AD who studied at the school of Iamblichus.	Chrysanthius	philosopher
occupation	Amir Mir is a Pakistani journalist who is currently the Deputy Editor/Editor Investigations for the English-language Pakistani daily The News International, based in Lahore.	Amir Mir	journalist
occupation	Kim Shushun (born January 24, 1979), also known as Kin Hidetoshi, Kim Shujun, or Kim Sujun, is a professional Go player.	Kim Shushun	Go player
occupation	Nathan Stoltzfus is an American historian and Rintels Professor of Holocaust Studies in the history department at Florida State University.	Nathan Stoltzfus	historian
occupation	Will Martinez (born August 31, 1980) is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in Bellator's Featherweight division.	Will Martinez	mixed martial artist
occupation	Irene Hunt (May 8, 1907 -- May 18, 2001) was an American children's writer known best for historical novels.	Irene Hunt	writer
occupation	Vincenzo Chiarugi (1759--1820) was an Italian physician who helped introduce humanitarian reforms to the psychiatric hospital care of people with mental disorders.	Vincenzo Chiarugi	physician
occupation	Brenda Colvin CBE (1897--1981) was an important British landscape architect, author of standard works in the field and a force behind its professionalisation.	Brenda Colvin	landscape architect
occupation	Wiley B. Glass (1874 - November 14, 1967) was a Southern Baptist missionary in China with the North China Mission with his primary ministry being established in then Hwanghsien, China.	Wiley B. Glass	missionary
occupation	Peter Macon is an American television and stage actor.	Peter Macon	actor
occupation	Roland Sands (born August 12, 1974) is an American motorcycle racer and designer of custom high performance motorcycles.	Roland Sands	motorcycle racer
occupation	Jimmie Selph (June 23, 1915 -- December 28, 2000), born James Coin Self, was a versatile American country music, rockabilly and bluegrass musician and occasional vocalist whose career peaked during the late 1940s--1950s.	Jimmie Selph	musician
occupation	Natasha Mostert is a South African author and writer presently living in London.	Natasha Mostert	writer
occupation	Kacy Andrews (born February 27, 1969) is an American film producer and CEO of Bigfoot Entertainment.	Kacy Andrews	film producer
occupation	Géza Róheim (Hungarian: Róheim Géza; September 12, 1891 -- June 7, 1953) was a Hungarian psychoanalyst and anthropologist.	Géza Róheim	psychoanalyst	anthropologist
occupation	Wang Kuang-hui (traditional Chinese: 王光輝; simplified Chinese: 王光辉; pinyin: Wáng Guānghuī; Wade--Giles: Wang2 Kuang1 Hui1; born November 12, 1964 in Hualien County, Taiwan) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball player and the current reserve team of Brother Elephants.	Wang Kuang-hui	baseball player
occupation	Dominik Kahun (born July 2, 1995) is a Czech-born German ice hockey player.	Dominik Kahun	ice hockey player
occupation	Alfred Horn (February 17, 1918 -- April 16, 2001) was an American mathematician notable for his work in lattice theory and universal algebra.	Alfred Horn	mathematician
occupation	Leslie Heseltine, known as Les Dennis (born 12 October 1953) is an English television presenter, actor and comedian, best known as the presenter of Family Fortunes for 15 years from 1987 until 2002.	Les Dennis	actor	comedian
occupation	Sarad Singh Bhandari (Nepali: शरदसिंह भण्डारी) is a Nepalese politician.	Sarad Singh Bhandari	politician
occupation	Seedo (also Sidow) (c. 1700 -- c. 1754), also called Mr Seedo, as his forename is unknown, was a German composer who worked primarily in England.	Seedo	composer
occupation	Hugh Blumenfeld (born October 11, 1958) is an American folk musician and singer-songwriter from Connecticut.	Hugh Blumenfeld	singer-songwriter
occupation	Antar Laniyan is a Nigerian veteran actor, producer and film director.	Antar Laniyan	actor
occupation	Chin Fung Kee (1920--1990) was a respected and outstanding Malaysian civil engineer in engineering practice, as well as engineering research and education.	Chin Fung Kee	engineer
occupation	Anna Novakov is a Serbian-American art historian, critic, educator, and curator based at Saint Mary's College of California.	Anna Novakov	art historian
occupation	David Knights-Whittome (born David Knights Whittome, 1876) was a British portrait photographer, whose clients included royalty.	David Knights-Whittome	photographer
occupation	Dimitri Roditchev is French physicist of Russian-Ukrainian origin, specialist in electronic properties of nano-materials, superconductors, electron transport and quantum tunneling phenomena.	Dimitri Roditchev	physicist
occupation	Vanessa Riopel (born May 22, 1990) is a Canadian baseball player from Quebec.	Vanessa Riopel	baseball player
occupation	Jarett Park (born October 25, 1982) is a professional lacrosse player from Otisco, New York.	Jarett Park	lacrosse player
occupation	Ustad Bahadur Khan (born Bahadur Hossain Khan, January 19, 1931- October 3, 1989) was an Indian sarod player and film score composer.	Bahadur Khan	composer
occupation	Marcus Aufidius (or Alfidius) Lurco or known as Aufidius Lurco, was a Roman magistrate who lived in the 1st century BC. Lurco was a member of the gens Aufidia, a Roman family of plebeian status, who appeared in the Roman Republic and Roman Empire.	Aufidius Lurco	magistrate
occupation	George Quaintance (June 3, 1902 -- November 8, 1957) was a gay American artist, famous for his ``idealized, strongly homoerotic'' depictions of men in mid-20th-century physique magazines.	George Quaintance	artist
occupation	Curtis D. Summers (September 17, 1929 -- May 11, 1992) was an engineer and American roller coaster designer credited for designing or providing structural engineering on 25 wooden roller coasters around the world.	Curtis D. Summers	engineer
occupation	Jean-Jacques Blais, PC, QC (born June 27, 1940) is a former Canadian politician, who represented the riding of Nipissing in the Canadian House of Commons from 1972 to 1984.	Jean-Jacques Blais	politician
occupation	Ray R. Irani (born January 13, 1935) is the former chairman and chief executive officer of Occidental Petroleum.	Ray R. Irani	chief executive officer
occupation	Jay Jay French (born John French Segall, July 20, 1952), is an American guitarist, manager and producer.	Jay Jay French	guitarist
occupation	Willie Nile (born Robert Anthony Noonan on June 7, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter.	Willie Nile	singer-songwriter
occupation	Bernhard Schottländer (1895--1920) was a German socialist politician and journalist.	Bernhard Schottländer	journalist
occupation	Tino Rodríguez is a Mexican-American painter.	Tino Rodríguez	painter
occupation	Josip Karaman (September 18, 1864 -- July 11, 1921) was a Croatian film director and photographer.	Josip Karaman	film director
occupation	Cindy Lorena Hermida Aguilar (born December 9, 1988 in Pitalito, Colombia) is a Colombian model and beauty queen pageant first runner-up of the Miss Colombia 2012 and formally representative of Colombia Miss International 2013)	Lorena Hermida	model
occupation	Isadore Perlman (April 12, 1915 -- August 3, 1991) was an American nuclear chemist noted for his research of Alpha particle decay.	Isadore Perlman	chemist
occupation	Beside being a leading military figure of 17th-century Croatia and Hungary, Zrínyi is well known for his literary works, also reflected in his often-recited epithet Zrínyi Miklós, a költő hadvezér és politikus (Hungarian for Miklós Zrínyi, the poet the general and the politician).	Miklós Zrínyi	politician
occupation	Takurō Mochizuki (望月 拓郎) of Kyoto University is a Japanese mathematician, whose research follows the Bourbaki style of generality and rigor.	Takurō Mochizuki	mathematician
occupation	Serafin Wiestner (born July 20, 1990), is a Swiss biathlete.	Serafin Wiestner	biathlete
occupation	Angel A. Cortiñas is an American lawyer and judge on the Florida Third District Court of Appeal.	Angel A. Cortiñas	lawyer
occupation	Rambo Amadeus (Serbian Cyrillic: Рамбо Амадеус, born Antonije Pušić, June 14, 1963) is a Montenegrin-born Serbian singer-songwriter.	Rambo Amadeus	singer
occupation	Louis Giambalvo (born February 8, 1945) is an American actor, frequently seen on television in guest roles.	Louis Giambalvo	actor
occupation	Katherine Strueby (1908--1988) was an American-born British screenwriter.	Katherine Strueby	screenwriter
occupation	Jonathan Ryan is an Irish actor, best known to television audiences as Bill Taylor in the soap opera Fair City.	Jonathan Ryan	actor
occupation	Bernard Akana (? - April 12, 1990) was an American engineer and politician.	Bernard Akana	engineer	politician
occupation	Kurt Horres (born 28 November 1932) is a German stage director, especially of opera, and an academic teacher at the Folkwang University.	Kurt Horres	director
occupation	Ricardo Emmanuel Brown (born November 23, 1972), better known by his stage name Kurupt, is an American rapper, actor and former Executive Vice President of Death Row Records.	Kurupt	rapper
occupation	Jeff Belanger (born August 8, 1974) is an American author, public speaker and paranormal investigator.	Jeff Belanger	author
occupation	Joseph Benedict Aquino Magsaysay, also known as JB Magsaysay (born July 6, 1980), is a Filipino actor, a public servant, a businessman and was one of the 13 housemates of ABS-CBN's Pinoy Big Brother, Season 1.	JB Magsaysay	actor
occupation	Josh Hammond (born September 7, 1979) is an American actor, known for his film roles in Jeepers Creepers II, Black Cadillac, and The Brotherhood.	Josh Hammond	actor
occupation	Tracey K is an Irish singer, songwriter best known for providing the vocals, as well as the lyrics for the UK Dance Chart topper ``The Cure and The Cause''.	Tracey K	singer
occupation	Caetano Veloso, a famous Brazilian composer and singer, made Henri Salvador famous to Brazilian audiences with the song ``Reconvexo'', in which he says ``quem não sentiu o swing de Henri Salvador?'' (``who hasn't felt the swing of Henri Salvador?'').	Henri Salvador	composer
occupation	Ronald James Gomez, Sr., known as Ron Gomez (born October 18, 1934), is a veteran print and broadcast journalist, author, and businessman from Lafayette, Louisiana, who served in the Louisiana House of Representatives from Lafayette Parish, from 1980 to 1989.	Ron Gomez	journalist
occupation	James of Ireland, O.F.M., was an Irish Franciscan friar and explorer, fl.	James of Ireland	explorer
occupation	Amy Alisara Arirachakaran (born May 1, 1986 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Thai: อลิศรา อารีราชการัณย์) is a Thai-American figure skater.	Amy Alisara Arirachakaran	figure skater
occupation	Raffaele Menconi (1877 -- 1942) was an Italian sculptor who established a practice in New York City with his brother Giuseppe (Joseph).	Raffaele Menconi	sculptor
occupation	Emilio Rojas (born April 16, 1988) is an American recording artist and rapper.	Emilio Rojas	rapper
occupation	Roy Goodman (born 26 January 1951) is an English conductor and violinist, specialising in the performance and direction of early music.	Roy Goodman	conductor
occupation	Tribolet was an obscure troubadour, known only for one song, the obscene Us fotaires que no fo amoros.	Tribolet	troubadour
occupation	Jim Shumate (October 21, 1921 -- October 10, 2013) was a fiddler that played with Bill Monroe and the Blue Grass Boys from 1943--1945.	Jim Shumate	fiddler
occupation	Julian Todd is a British computer programmer and activist for freedom of information who works in Liverpool.	Julian Todd	programmer
occupation	Jennifer Trynin, also credited as Jen Trynin, is an American singer-songwriter and author from Boston, Massachusetts.	Jen Trynin	singer
occupation	Joseph Ruskin (born Joseph Richard Schlafman; April 14, 1924 -- December 28, 2013) was an American character actor.	Joseph Ruskin	actor
occupation	Freddy Eytan, (born January 1947) is an Israeli diplomat, former ambassador, writer and journalist.	Freddy Eytan	diplomat
occupation	Carlene Davis (born c.1953) is a Jamaican gospel and reggae singer active since the 1970s.	Carlene Davis	singer
occupation	Roel de Mon (November 5, 1919 in Haarlem -- November 2, 1973 in Haarlem) was a Dutch baseball player.	Roel de Mon	baseball player
occupation	Myra Landau (born December 5, 1926) is an artist and painter involved in art research.	Myra Landau	painter
occupation	Elizabeth Poirier (born October 27, 1942 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 14th Bristol district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and is the current Third Assistant House Minority Leader.	Elizabeth Poirier	politician
occupation	Benjamin Nils Kopec (born November 10, 1981), known better by his stage name, Ben Kopec, is an American-based musician and composer.	Ben Kopec	composer
occupation	Emel Sayın is a Turkish singer and movie actress.	Emel Sayın	singer
occupation	Sibi Malayil (born 2 May 1956) is an Indian film director known for his work in Malayalam cinema, most popular for his melodramas of the 1980s and 1990s.	Sibi Malayil	film director
occupation	Pam Rodriguez is an American glamour model of Guatemalan and Puerto Rican descent.	Pam Rodriguez	model
occupation	Ben Weasel (born Benjamin Foster) is a punk rock musician, best known as the lead singer and guitarist of bands Screeching Weasel and The Riverdales.	Ben Weasel	singer
occupation	Henry Twiselton Elliston (Ca. 1801-1864), was an English musical composer and inventor.	Henry Twiselton Elliston	composer
occupation	Laura Gonçalves (born February 4, 1989 Baruta, Miranda, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan-Portuguese model and beauty titleholder.	Laura Gonçalves	model
occupation	Roman Chojnacki (August 1, 1875 (1879?), Łódź -- December 22, 1938, Warsaw) was a Polish conductor.	Roman Chojnacki	conductor
occupation	Christopher Painter is a composer who was born at Port Talbot, South Wales in 1962 and studied music at University College, Cardiff.	Christopher Painter	composer
occupation	Paul Brinegar (December 19, 1917 -- March 27, 1995) was an American character actor best known for his roles in three western series, The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp, Rawhide, and Lancer.	Paul Brinegar	actor
occupation	Anthony Johnson Showalter (May 1, 1858 -- September 14, 1924) was an American gospel music composer, teacher and publisher.	Anthony Johnson Showalter	composer
occupation	Mabel Cook Cole (1846--1923) was a writer and anthropologist.	Mabel Cook Cole	anthropologist
occupation	Seth Dikun (born August 5, 1980) is an American mixed martial artist, who is perhaps best known for his three fight stint in the Bantamweight division of the World Extreme Cagefighting.	Seth Dikun	mixed martial artist
occupation	Regan Cameron (born in Auckland, New Zealand) is a fashion, beauty and celebrity photographer.	Regan Cameron	photographer
occupation	Wolf Tegethoff (born 1953) is a German art historian, an expert on Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and currently director of the Zentralinstitut für Kunstgeschichte, Munich.	Wolf Tegethoff	art historian
occupation	Askia Muhammad is a poet, journalist, radio producer, commentator, and photojournalist.	Askia Muhammad	journalist
occupation	Lee Selby (born 14 February 1987) is a Welsh professional boxer and the current IBF featherweight champion.	Lee Selby	boxer
occupation	Mariya Shekerova (Uzbek: Мария Шекерова; born December 9, 1988) is an Uzbekistani and Russian judoka, who played for the heavyweight category.	Mariya Shekerova	judoka
occupation	Frédéric Abbès is a French archaeologist working on postdoctoral research, specialising in the stone or lithic industry of the Near East and Mediterranean.	Frédéric Abbès	archaeologist
occupation	Martín Sabbatella (born April 14, 1970) is an Argentine politician and director of the Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services.	Martín Sabbatella	politician
occupation	Kym Goldsworthy is an Australian screenwriter and script editor, best known for his work in television.	Kym Goldsworthy	screenwriter
occupation	Yoon Il-sang (Korean: 윤일상; born February 21, 1974) is a South Korean composer, producer, and songwriter.	Yoon Il-sang	songwriter
occupation	Elisa Lucinda (born February 2, 1958) is a Brazilian actress, singer, poet, writer and journalist.	Elisa Lucinda	singer	writer	journalist
occupation	Alonzo B. Cook (July 31, 1866 - ?) was an American politician who served as Massachusetts Auditor from 1915--1931 and was a candidate for Mayor of Boston in 1925 and in 1937; and United States Senator in 1936.	Alonzo B. Cook	politician
occupation	Andrew Lih (simplified Chinese: 郦安治; traditional Chinese: 酈安治; pinyin: Lì Ānzhì) is a Chinese American new media researcher, consultant and writer, as well as an authority on both Wikipedia and internet censorship in the People's Republic of China.	Andrew Lih	writer
occupation	Gabriel B. Mindlin is an Associate Professor of physics at the University of Buenos Aires and a scientist whose research focuses on the physical mechanisms underlying the production of songs by songbirds.	Gabriel B. Mindlin	scientist
occupation	Tim Willits is the creative director and former co-owner of video game developer id Software.	Tim Willits	creative director	video game developer
occupation	Lyndon Lowell Olson, Jr. (born March 7, 1947) is an American politician and diplomat.	Lyndon Lowell Olson, Jr.	politician	diplomat
occupation	Brent F. Anderson (October 15, 1932 -- June 18, 2013) was an American politician and electrical engineer who served as the fourth mayor of West Valley City, Utah, from 1987 until 1994.	Brent F. Anderson	politician	engineer
occupation	Sheldon Pitt, better known by his stage name Solitair, is a Canadian rapper and record producer from Toronto, Ontario.	Solitair	record producer
occupation	Cassandra Bankson (born November 11, 1992) is an American model and online personality from San Francisco, California.	Cassandra Bankson	model
occupation	Rainaut de Pons was a castellan and troubadour from the March of Poitou in Saintonge.	Rainaut de Pons	troubadour
occupation	Manley Justin Edwards (February 18, 1892 -- May 8, 1962) was a barrister, teacher and Canadian federal politician.	Manley Justin Edwards	politician
occupation	Doug Gray (born May 22, 1948) is an American singer best known as the lead vocalist of The Marshall Tucker Band.	Doug Gray	singer
occupation	Eerie Von (born Eric Stellmann; August 25, 1964) is a musician best known as the original bassist for the metal band Danzig.	Eerie Von	musician
occupation	Byron Thames (born April 23, 1969) is an American television and film actor and musician.	Byron Thames	actor
occupation	Guilherme Roth dos Santos (born October 11, 1982 in Caxias do Sul) is a Brazilian competitive swimmer.	Guilherme Roth	swimmer
occupation	Paul Lansky (born June 18, 1944, in New York) is an American electronic-music or computer-music composer who has been producing works from the 1970s up to the present day.	Paul Lansky	composer
occupation	Michael Reinhardt (born Michael Max Reinhardt aka Mike Reinhardt) is an American photographer whose images were featured in magazines such as Vogue, Harper's Bazaar and Sports Illustrated.	Michael Reinhardt	photographer
occupation	Sir Ukwatte Jayasundera, QC was a Ceylonese lawyer and politician.	Ukwatte Jayasundera	politician
occupation	Manju Pillai is the grand daughter of Veteran Malayalam actor S. P. Pillai.She did her undergraduate studies from Mar Ivanious College Trivandrum.She was married to Malayalam cine-serial artist Mukundan Menon & was later divorced.Later she married cinematographer Sujith Vasudev on 23 December 2000.	Manju Pillai	actor
occupation	JS16, real name Jaakko Salovaara, is a Finnish musician and record producer.	JS16	musician	record producer
occupation	Vladimir J. Konečni (born October 27, 1944) is an American and Serbian psychologist, aesthetician, poet, dramatist, fiction writer, and art photographer, currently an Emeritus Professor of Psychology at the University of California, San Diego.	Vladimir J. Konečni	psychologist
occupation	Luigi Astolfi (Italian pronunciation: (luˈid͡ʒi asˈtɔlfi); 1790s--1860s) was an Italian dancer, choreographer, and composer.	Luigi Astolfi	dancer	choreographer	composer
occupation	Isabelle Blanc (born July 25, 1975) is a French snowboarder and Olympic champion.	Isabelle Blanc	snowboarder
occupation	In the same year Jane Carlile was in turn sentenced to two years imprisonment for seditious libel, and her place as publisher was taken by Richard Carlile's sister, Mary.	Richard Carlile	publisher
occupation	David Záizar was a Mexican ranchera singer and actor who appeared in many Mexican films.	David Záizar	singer	actor
occupation	Dave Carter (August 13, 1952 -- July 19, 2002) was an American folk singer-songwriter who described his style as ``post-modern mythic American folk music.''	Dave Carter	singer-songwriter
occupation	Antonio Farré (born August 22, 1961) is a Spanish actor, voice-over artist, and television host.	Antonio Farré	actor
occupation	Adib Khan is an Australian novelist of Bangladeshi origin.	Adib Khan	novelist
occupation	Charles Robinson, Jr. (November 6, 1829--July 30, 1891) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the eighth mayor of Charlestown, Massachusetts.	Charles Robinson, Jr.	politician
occupation	Lee Wilkof (born June 25, 1951) is an American actor and veteran of the Broadway stage.	Lee Wilkof	actor
occupation	Christine Ohlman (born November 25, in the Bronx, New York City) is a singer, songwriter, guitarist, recording artist, music scholar.	Christine Ohlman	singer, songwriter
occupation	Francisco Marins, (born November 23, 1922) is a Brazilian writer.	Francisco Marins	writer
occupation	Gail Katz is a film, television, and theatrical producer.	Gail Katz	theatrical producer
occupation	Charles Arnoldi, also known as Chuck Arnoldi and as Charles Arthur Arnoldi is an American painter, sculptor and printmaker.	Charles Arnoldi	painter	sculptor
occupation	Deepthi Kumara Gunarathne is a Sri Lankan activist, critic and politician.	Deepthi Kumara Gunarathne	politician
occupation	Mayanti Langer is an Indian TV sports journalist with STAR.	Mayanti Langer	journalist
occupation	Sir Henry Erskine, 5th Baronet (ca. 1710 -- 7 August 1765) was a Scottish soldier and politician.	Sir Henry Erskine, 5th Baronet	politician
occupation	Prabhu Solomon (Tamil: பிரபு சாலமன்; born 7 May 1969) is an Indian film director who has primarily worked on Tamil films.	Prabhu Solomon	film director
occupation	Gerardus Mes or Gherardus (fl. c. 1561) was a Franco-Flemish composer.	Gerardus Mes	composer
occupation	Zane Buzby is an American actress, philanthropist, film director and television director.	Zane Buzby	film director
occupation	Matthew Knight (born c. 1994) is a Canadian actor who made his debut in 2002 when he played Peter in a television episode of Queer as Folk.	Matthew Knight	actor
occupation	Robert Ladislas Derr is an American artist and educator born in the early 1970s.	Robert Ladislas Derr	artist
occupation	Philip P. Mason is an American archivist and author, as well as the founding director of the Walter P. Reuther Library of Labor and Urban Affairs on the campus of Wayne State University in Detroit.	Philip P. Mason	archivist
occupation	Warren Staley is the former chief executive officer of Cargill, Inc. of Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA.	Warren Staley	chief executive officer
occupation	Ivan Dawson, CBE was a British Virgin Islands politician.	Ivan Dawson	politician
occupation	Preben Maegaard (born September 25, 1935), is a Danish renewable energy pioneer, author and expert.	Preben Maegaard	author
occupation	Tench Coxe (May 22, 1755 -- July 17, 1824) was an American political economist and a delegate for Pennsylvania to the Continental Congress in 1788-1789.	Tench Coxe	economist
occupation	A noted American poet, Anne Spencer was also a teacher, civil rights activist, librarian, and gardener.	Anne Spencer	librarian
occupation	Abraham Dimitri Rihbany known as Abraham Mitrie Rihbany (Arabic: أبراهام متري الرحباني‎ , 1869-1944; sometimes spelled Rahbany) was an American theologian, philologist and historian of Greek Orthodox Lebanese descent.	Abraham Mitrie Rihbany	historian
occupation	Boris Krajný is a Czech pianist, b. 1945, best known for his work on Czech and French pianism - he was awarded the Académie Charles Cros's 1982 Grand Prix du Disque for his recording of Albert Roussel, Arthur Honegger and Francis Poulenc piano concertos.	Boris Krajný	pianist
occupation	Grover Dale (born July 22, 1935) is an American actor, dancer, choreographer and theatre director.	Grover Dale	actor	choreographer
occupation	John Wimpole or Wynpol, of Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician.	John Wimpole	politician
occupation	Tobias Ericsson (born July 29, 1987 in Stockholm) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player (left wing).	Tobias Ericsson	ice hockey player
original network	Holiday of My Lifetime is a documentary show for BBC One that began on 20 October 2014 and is hosted by Len Goodman.	Holiday of My Lifetime	BBC One
parent taxon	Rhogogaster is a genus of sawflies in the family Tenthredinidae.	Rhogogaster	Tenthredinidae
parent taxon	Fumonelix archeri (syn. Mesodon archeri) is a species of land snail in the family Polygyridae known commonly as Archer's toothed land snail and Ocoee covert.	Fumonelix archeri	Mesodon
parent taxon	In plant systematics Apostasioideae is one of the five subfamilies recognised within the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Apostasioideae	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Praemordella martynovi is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Praemordella.	Praemordella	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Phataria is a genus of sea stars in the family Ophidiasteridae from warmer parts of the East Pacific.	Phataria	Ophidiasteridae
parent taxon	Neochryopus savagei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Neochryopus.	Neochryopus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Phrypeus rickseckeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Phrypeus.	Phrypeus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Uloborus is a spider genus in the family Uloboridae with 72 described species.	Uloborus	Uloboridae
parent taxon	Stixaceae is a family in the plant order Brassicales.	Stixaceae	Brassicales
parent taxon	The Cape cormorant or Cape shag (Phalacrocorax capensis) is a bird endemic to the southwestern coasts of Africa.	Cape cormorant	Phalacrocorax
parent taxon	Leschenault's rousette (Rousettus leschenaultii) is a species of fruit bat.	Leschenault's rousette	Rousettus
parent taxon	The Xingu corydoras (Corydoras xinguensis) is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the Corydoradinae sub-family of the Callichthyidae family.	Xingu corydoras	Corydoras
parent taxon	Kirtland's warbler (Setophaga kirtlandii), also known as the jack pine warbler, is a small songbird of the New World warbler family (Parulidae), named after Jared P. Kirtland, an Ohio doctor and amateur naturalist.	Kirtland's warbler	Setophaga
parent taxon	Eidocamptophallus chacei is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae, and the only species in the genus Eidocamptophallus.	Eidocamptophallus	Pseudothelphusidae
parent taxon	John Dory, St Pierre or Peter's Fish, refers to fish of the genus Zeus, especially Zeus faber, of widespread distribution.	John Dory	Zeus
parent taxon	Cyanomethia pseudothonalmus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cyanomethia.	Cyanomethia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Sphaerocinidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, sea butterflies, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks within the superfamily Cavolinioidea.	Sphaerocinidae	Cavolinioidea
parent taxon	Malachius is a genus of soft-winged flower beetles belonging to the family Melyridae subfamily Malachiinae.	Malachius	Melyridae	Malachiinae
parent taxon	Neomysis (from the Greek affix neo-, ``new'', and the genus name Mysis) is a genus of opossum shrimp (mysid crustacean) from the family Mysidae, distributed in the coastal zone of temperate seas of the Northern Hemisphere and South America.	Neomysis	Mysidae
parent taxon	Crocus kotschyanus, Kotschy's crocus, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Crocus of the family Iridaceae, found from Turkey to Caucasus and Lebanon.	Crocus kotschyanus	crocus
parent taxon	The family Messicobolidae is one of the smaller families of millipedes in the Order Spirobolida (fewer than 30 described species).	Messicobolidae	Spirobolida
parent taxon	The Berry Cave salamander (Gyrinophilus gulolineatus) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians of eastern Tennessee in the United States.	Berry Cave salamander	Gyrinophilus
parent taxon	Vitalisia alternata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Vitalisia alternata	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Metacorimus mroczkowskii is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Metacorimus.	Metacorimus	Silvanidae
parent taxon	Geoglobus is a hyperthermophilic member of the Archaeoglobaceae within the Euryarchaeota.	Geoglobus	Archaeoglobaceae
parent taxon	As a group within the sub-order Amblycera, lice within the family Menoponidae are still partially dependent on blood as a source of food and are therefore better able to be generalists.	Menoponidae	Amblycera
parent taxon	Palaeotrachyderes laticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Palaeotrachyderes.	Palaeotrachyderes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The African giant free-tailed bat (Tadarida ventralis) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	African giant free-tailed bat	Tadarida
parent taxon	The Ansell's shrew (Crocidura ansellorum) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Ansell's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Plectocomia is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family native to China, the Himalayas, and Southeast Asia.	Plectocomia	Arecaceae
parent taxon	The Bering wolffish (Anarhichas orientalis) is a marine fish in the family Anarhichadidae, the ``wolffish''.	Bering wolffish	Anarhichas
parent taxon	Despite their common name, Jerusalem crickets are not true crickets, as they belong to the family Stenopelmatidae, while true crickets belong to the family Gryllidae; nor are they native to Jerusalem.	Jerusalem cricket	Stenopelmatidae
parent taxon	Leptofoenus is a genus of wasp in the family Pteromalidae, the type genus subfamily Leptofoeninae found in South, Central, and southern North America.	Leptofoenus	Pteromalidae
parent taxon	Protomeroleuca is a monotypic genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	Protomeroleuca	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Megistostigma is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1887.	Megistostigma	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Acastoidea is a superfamily of trilobites from the order Phacopida, suborder Phacopina.	Acastoidea	Phacopina
parent taxon	Oilea spinalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Oilea.	Oilea	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Fujian niltava (Niltava davidi) is a species of bird in the Muscicapidae family.	Fujian niltava	Niltava
parent taxon	Macromorphus boisduvali is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Macromorphus.	Macromorphus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Exopterygota, also known as Hemipterodea, are a superorder of insects of the subclass Pterygota in the infraclass Neoptera, in which the young resemble adults but have externally developing wings.	Exopterygota	Neoptera
parent taxon	Montenegrina is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails, all of which have a clausilium.	Montenegrina	Clausiliidae
parent taxon	Ainsworthia is a genus of two species of plants in the Apiaceae family, all of which are endemic to Southwest Asia, Cyprus, and European Turkey.	Ainsworthia	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Demonarosa is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae from Asia.	Demonarosa	Limacodidae
parent taxon	Recent research shows that the genus Protosphyraena is not at all related to the true swordfish-family Xiphiidae, but belongs to the extinct family Pachycormidae.	Protosphyraena	Pachycormidae
parent taxon	The Kashmir flying squirrel (Eoglaucomys fimbriatus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Kashmir flying squirrel	Eoglaucomys
parent taxon	Ceraptila was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Rhynchina.	Ceraptila	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Picconia (Picconia) is a genus of two species flowering plants in the family Oleaceae.	Picconia	Oleaceae
parent taxon	Akebia is a genus of five species of flowering plant, within the family Lardizabalaceae.	Akebia	Lardizabalaceae
parent taxon	Methanococcus is a genus of coccoid methanogens of the family Methanococcaceae.	Methanococcus	Methanococcaceae
parent taxon	The Anchieta's sunbird (Anthreptes anchietae) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Anchieta's sunbird	Anthreptes
parent taxon	The Philippine cobra (Naja philippinensis) also called northern Philippine cobra, is a stocky, highly venomous species of spitting cobra native to the northern regions of the Philippines.	Philippine cobra	Naja
parent taxon	The Panama hake (Merluccius angustimanus) is a merluccid hake of the genus Merluccius, found off the west coast of the Americas from Del Mar, California, to Ensenada de Tumaco, Colombia.	Panama hake	Merluccius
parent taxon	Odontobatrachus is a genus of frogs in the comprising the family Odontobatrachidae.	Odontobatrachus	Odontobatrachidae
parent taxon	Hydatina is a genus of sea snails, bubble snails, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aplustridae.	Hydatina	Aplustridae
parent taxon	Cissus is a genus of approximately 350 species of woody vines in the grape family (Vitaceae).	Cissus	Vitaceae
parent taxon	Cyathocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids belonging to the family Cyathocrinitidae.	Cyathocrinus	Cyathocrinitidae
parent taxon	The New Zealand topknot, Notoclinus fenestratus, is a triplefin of the genus Notoclinus, found around the North Island of New Zealand in reef areas of broken rock and brown seaweed.	New Zealand topknot	Notoclinus
parent taxon	Uroplatus is a genus of geckos, commonly referred to as leaf-tail geckos, leaf-tailed geckos, or flat-tailed geckos, which are endemic to Madagascar and its coastal islands, such as Nosy Be.	Uroplatus	geckos
parent taxon	Syrnolopsis is a genus of medium-sized freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.	Syrnolopsis	Paludomidae
parent taxon	Etaballia dubia is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Etaballia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Cotyachryson is a genus of round-necked longhorns beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Cerambycinae.	Cotyachryson	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Leerfish, also Garrick (Lichia amia) is a species of marine fish in the Carangidae family, and is native to the Mediterranean and the coastal waters of western Africa to the coastal waters of eastern South Africa.	Leerfish	Lichia
parent taxon	Dioon is a genus of cycads in the family Zamiaceae.	Dioon	Zamiaceae
parent taxon	Spongilla is a genus of freshwater sponges in the family Spongillidae found in lakes and slow streams.	Spongilla	Spongillidae
parent taxon	The Aran rock lizard (Iberolacerta aranica) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Aran rock lizard	Iberolacerta
parent taxon	The Transcaucasian water shrew (Neomys teres) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Transcaucasian water shrew	Neomys
parent taxon	The subclass Euechinoidea includes almost all living species of sea urchin, and fossil forms going back as far as the Triassic.	Euechinoidea	sea urchin
parent taxon	The Planalto tapaculo (Scytalopus pachecoi) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Scytalopus, a genus of tapaculos.	Planalto tapaculo	Scytalopus
parent taxon	Pelargonium line pattern virus (PLPV) is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Tombusviridae.	Pelargonium line pattern virus	Tombusviridae
parent taxon	Aulacospermum is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with 14 species.	Aulacospermum	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Gaudryceratidae is a family belonging to the extinct ammonoid suborder Lytoceratina that lived from the Barremian of the Lower Cretaceous to the Maastrichtian of the Upper Cretaceous.	Gaudryceratidae	Lytoceratina
parent taxon	Chard (Beta vulgaris subsp. vulgaris, Cicla-Group and Flavescens-Group) is a leafy green vegetable often used in Mediterranean cooking.	Chard	Beta vulgaris
parent taxon	Vitellariopsis is a group of plants in family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1915.	Vitellariopsis	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	Helicophanta is a genus of air-breathing land snails, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropods mollusks in the family Acavidae.	Helicophanta	Acavidae
parent taxon	The Sahamalaza sportive lemur (Lepilemur sahamalazensis) is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	Sahamalaza sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Thorius, also known as minute salamanders, pigmy salamanders, or Mexican pigmy salamanders, is a genus of salamanders in the family Plethodontidae.	Thorius	Plethodontidae
parent taxon	Fustiaria is a genus of scaphopods in the order Dentaliida and is the only genus comprising the family Fustiariidae, with 24 species.	Fustiaria	Fustiariidae
parent taxon	Pachylemur remains were first described in 1895 by French zoologist Henri Filhol and were originally included in the genus Lemur, along with the ring-tailed lemur and other close relatives currently classified within the family Lemuridae.	Pachylemur	Lemuridae
parent taxon	Lithogenes is a genus of South American catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Loricariidae.	Lithogenes	Loricariidae
parent taxon	Clavulinopsis is a genus of coral fungi in the Clavariaceae family.	Clavulinopsis	Clavariaceae
parent taxon	Callipteridium is an extinct genus of pteridospermous seed ferns belonging to the family Cyclopteridaceae.	Callipteridium	Cyclopteridaceae
parent taxon	The Pomona roundleaf bat, Pomona leaf-nosed bat, or Andersen's leaf-nosed bat (Hipposideros pomona) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Pomona roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Finsch's duck (Chenonetta finschi) was a large terrestrial species of duck formerly endemic to New Zealand.	Finsch's duck	Chenonetta
parent taxon	Sudeticeratidae is one of nine families of the Pericyclaceae superfamily.	Sudeticeratidae	Pericyclaceae
parent taxon	Secamonoideae is a subfamily of the dogbane family, Apocynaceae.	Secamonoideae	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Battarreoides (Battarraeoides is a variant spelling) is a fungal genus in the family Agaricaceae.	Battarreoides	Agaricaceae
parent taxon	The Acadian flycatcher (Empidonax virescens) is a small insect-eating bird of the tyrant flycatcher family.	Acadian flycatcher	Empidonax
parent taxon	Breynia is a plant genus in the family Phyllanthaceae, first described as a genus in 1776.	Breynia	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	The Brandt's cormorant (Phalacrocorax penicillatus) is a strictly marine bird of the cormorant family of seabirds that inhabits the Pacific coast of North America.	Brandt's cormorant	Phalacrocorax
parent taxon	Marstoniopsis is a genus of minute freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Amnicolidae.	Marstoniopsis	Amnicolidae
parent taxon	James' sportive lemur (Lepilemur jamesorum), or the Manombo sportive lemur, is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	James' sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Brown's pademelon (Thylogale browni) is a species of marsupial in the family Macropodidae.	Brown's pademelon	Thylogale
parent taxon	The Trocholitidae are Tarphycerida with whorls in close contact as with the Tarphyceratidae, but in which the siphuncle, similar in structure, becomes dorsal.	Trocholitidae	Tarphycerida
parent taxon	Heteraneflus castaneus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Heteraneflus.	Heteraneflus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Xylocopa violacea, the violet carpenter bee, is the common European species of carpenter bee, and one of the largest bees in Europe.	Xylocopa violacea	carpenter bee
parent taxon	Annamocarya is a genus of flowering plants in the family Juglandaceae, containing only one species, Annamocarya sinensis, native to southwestern China (Guangxi, Guizhou, Yunnan) and northern Vietnam.	Annamocarya	Juglandaceae
parent taxon	The Pacific oyster, Japanese oyster or Miyagi oyster (Crassostrea gigas), is an oyster native to the Pacific coast of Asia.	Pacific oyster	Crassostrea
parent taxon	Oncagnostus is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida, which existed in what is now Shandong, China.	Oncagnostus	Agnostida
parent taxon	The Southeast Asian shrew (Crocidura fuliginosa) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Southeast Asian shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Tegeticula is a genus of moths of the Prodoxidae family, one of three genera known as yucca moths; they are mutualistic pollinators of various Yucca species.	Tegeticula	Prodoxidae
parent taxon	The Essex skipper (Thymelicus lineola) is a butterfly in family Hesperiidae.	Essex skipper	Thymelicus
parent taxon	The Dar es Salaam pipistrelle (Pipistrellus permixtus) is a species of vesper bat.	Dar es Salaam pipistrelle	Pipistrellus
parent taxon	Conotrochus is a genus of small corals in the family Caryophylliidae.	Conotrochus	Caryophylliidae
parent taxon	Nattrassia is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae for which there is the single species Nattrassia mangiferae.	Nattrassia	Botryosphaeriaceae
parent taxon	Sivanesania is a genus of fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae for which there is the sole species Sivanesania rubi.	Sivanesania	Botryosphaeriaceae
parent taxon	Actinella is a genus of land snails in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Actinella	Hygromiidae
parent taxon	The Lord Howe swamphen or white gallinule (Porphyrio albus) was a large bird in the family Rallidae endemic to Lord Howe Island, Australia.	Lord Howe swamphen	Porphyrio
parent taxon	Stomatellinae is a subfamily of small sea snails with a brilliantly nacreous interior of the shell, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Stomatellinae	Trochidae
parent taxon	The AEECL's sportive lemur, Antafia sportive lemur or red-shouldered sportive lemur (Lepilemur aeeclis) is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	AEECL's sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Platysphyrus tibialis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Platysphyrus.	Platysphyrus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Cauarana iheringi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cauarana.	Cauarana	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Poecilanthrax is a large, primarily Nearctic genus of flies belonging to the family Bombyliidae (bee-flies).	Poecilanthrax	Bombyliidae
parent taxon	Pleuroloba is a genus of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Ellobiidae, the salt marsh snails.	Pleuroloba	Ellobiidae
parent taxon	Adelia is a genus of flowering plants in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, subfamily Acalyphoideae.	Adelia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Hymenopyramis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1843.	Hymenopyramis	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The Black-headed blenny (Microlipophrys nigriceps) is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Mediterranean Sea.	Black-headed blenny	Microlipophrys
parent taxon	The Oruge tree frog (Litoria modica) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Oruge tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	The Dionycha are a phylogenetic group of spiders (Araneomorphae:Entelegynae) with about 10,000 species.	Dionycha	Entelegynae
parent taxon	The Pacific footballfish (Himantolophus sagamius) is a species found in the Pacific:	Pacific footballfish	Himantolophus
parent taxon	The Cape kurper (Sandelia capensis) is a species of fish in the Anabantidae family.	Cape kurper	Sandelia
parent taxon	Marley's butterflyfish, Chaetodon marleyi, is a species of fish in the Chaetodontidae family.	Marley's butterflyfish	Chaetodon
parent taxon	The Perilampidae are a small family within the Chalcidoidea, composed mostly of hyperparasitoids.	Perilampidae	Chalcidoidea
parent taxon	Lepismatidae is a family of primitive wingless insects belonging to the order Thysanura with about 190 described species.	Lepismatidae	Thysanura
parent taxon	The Tamaulipas shiner (Notropis braytoni) is a small North American freshwater fish, living in the Rio Grande drainage in Texas and northern Mexico.	Tamaulipas shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	Celtis ehrenbergiana, called the desert hackberry or spiny hackberry, is a plant species that has long been called C. pallida by many authors, including in the ``Flora of North America'' database.	Celtis ehrenbergiana	hackberry
parent taxon	The Mediterranean moray (sometimes also called Roman eel, Muraena helena) is a fish of the moray eel family.	Mediterranean moray	Muraena
parent taxon	The Helena's marsupial frog (Gastrotheca helenae) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Helena's marsupial frog	Gastrotheca
parent taxon	The Arizona myotis (Myotis occultus) is a vesper bat species inhabiting much of the southwestern United States and central Mexico as far south as the Distrito Federal.	Arizona myotis	Myotis
parent taxon	Clithon is a genus of freshwater snails or brackish snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Neritidae, the nerites.	Clithon	Neritidae
parent taxon	The Sumatran drongo (Dicrurus sumatranus) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family.	Sumatran drongo	Dicrurus
parent taxon	Pimelea (often seen spelled Pimelia, which is the name of a genus of beetles) is a genus of plants belonging to the family Thymelaeaceae.	Pimelea	Thymelaeaceae
parent taxon	Amblycheila baroni Rivers, 1890 -- montane giant tiger beetle Amblycheila cylindriformis (Say, 1823) --	Amblycheila	tiger beetle
parent taxon	The Inca wren (Pheugopedius eisenmanni) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.	Inca wren	Pheugopedius
parent taxon	Hemirhamphodon is a genus of viviparous halfbeak.	Hemirhamphodon	halfbeak
parent taxon	The Bogotá rail (Rallus semiplumbeus) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Bogotá rail	Rallus
parent taxon	Gould's wattled bat (Chalinolobus gouldii) is a species of Australian wattled bat named after the English naturalist John Gould.	Gould's wattled bat	Chalinolobus
parent taxon	The Chilean jack mackerel (Trachurus murphyi) sometimes called the Inca scad, is a species of jack mackerel in the genus Trachurus of the family Carangidae.	Chilean jack mackerel	Trachurus
parent taxon	Deltacoronaviruses are one of the four genera, alpha, beta, gamma, and delta in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae.	Deltacoronavirus	Coronavirinae
parent taxon	Pseudoseptis was a genus of moths that belongs to the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Dichagyris.	Pseudoseptis	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Alloeomorphus formosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Alloeomorphus.	Alloeomorphus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Sailfin snake-eel (Letharchus rosenblatti, also known as the Black sailfin eel in Mexico) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Sailfin snake-eel	Letharchus
parent taxon	Phaulothamnus is a genus of plants formerly included in the family Phytolaccaceae but now considered a part of the Achatocarpaceae.	Phaulothamnus	Achatocarpaceae
parent taxon	Cheilostomata (accepted name Cheilostomatida), an order of Bryozoa in the class Gymnolaemata, are exclusively marine, colonial invertebrate animals.	Cheilostomata	Gymnolaemata
parent taxon	The Goldspotted eel (Myrichthys ocellatus, also known as the Goldspotted snake eel or the Dark-spotted snake eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Goldspotted eel	Myrichthys
parent taxon	Argyrotaenia is a genus of moths the in the tribe Archipini within the family Tortricidae.	Argyrotaenia	Tortricidae
parent taxon	Holopyga fastuosa is a species of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae.	Holopyga fastuosa	Chrysididae
parent taxon	The Guianan warbling antbird (Hypocnemis cantator) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Guianan warbling antbird	Hypocnemis
parent taxon	Ostracods, or ostracodes, are a class of the Crustacea (class Ostracoda), sometimes known as seed shrimp.	Ostracod	Crustacea
parent taxon	Stein's cuscus (Phalanger vestitus) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae.	Stein's cuscus	Phalanger
parent taxon	Kalinowski's mouse opossum or the Peru gracile mouse opossum (Hyladelphys kalinowskii) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Kalinowski's mouse opossum	Hyladelphys
parent taxon	The Corbiculacea are a suborder of freshwater clams, aquatic bivalve molluscs in the order Veneroida.	Corbiculacea	Veneroida
parent taxon	Apium virus Y (AVY) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae.	Apium virus Y	Potyvirus
parent taxon	Ridley's bat (Myotis ridleyi) is a species of vesper bat.	Ridley's bat	Myotis
parent taxon	Rhodnius is a genus of assassin bugs in the subfamily Triatominae (the kissing bugs), and is an important vector in the spread of Chagas disease.	Rhodnius	Triatominae
parent taxon	Elrodoceras, which comes from the Middle Silurian of North America and Europe, is a late armenoceratid and, according to Curt Teichert, 1964, a member of one of the two branches of the Armenoceratidae that also includes Armenoceras and Monocyrtoceras.	Elrodoceras	Armenoceratidae
parent taxon	Apollonaster is a genus of abyssal sea stars in the family Goniasteridae.	Apollonaster	Goniasteridae
parent taxon	The Hygrophoropsidaceae are a family of mushrooms that are gilled in appearance but lie within the Boletales.	Hygrophoropsidaceae	Boletales
parent taxon	The Antillean crested hummingbird (Orthorhyncus cristatus) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Antillean crested hummingbird	Orthorhyncus
parent taxon	The Greater Antillean elaenia (Elaenia fallax) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Greater Antillean elaenia	Elaenia
parent taxon	Accordingly, Dwyer's snake, which was originally named Denisonia dwyeri by Worrell in 1956, has been variously called Unechis dwyeri by Cogger in 1983, Suta dwyeri by Valentic in 1998, Suta spectabilis dwyeri by Cogger in 2000, and Parasuta dwyeri by Greer in 2006.	Suta dwyeri	Parasuta
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Bryopsis is a genus of marine green algae, specifically of the Bryopsidaceae.	Bryopsis	Bryopsidaceae
parent taxon	Sleumerodendron is a monotypic genus of plant in the Proteaceae family.	Sleumerodendron	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Vandopsis, abbreviated as Vdps in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids in family Orchidaceae.	Vandopsis	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Apoderus is a genus of leaf-rolling beetles belonging to the family Attelabidae subfamily Attelaninae.	Apoderus	Attelabidae
parent taxon	Acteonella is a genus of extinct sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the extinct family Acteonellidae.	Acteonella	Acteonellidae
parent taxon	Heteromeryx is an extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Protoceratidae, endemic to North America from the Eocene epoch (Duchesnean to Chadronian stage) 40.2--33.9 Ma, existing for approximately 6.3 million years.	Heteromeryx	Protoceratidae
parent taxon	Diplogyniidae is a family of parasitic mites belonging to the order Mesostigmata.	Diplogyniidae	Mesostigmata
parent taxon	The Brandt's mountain finch or black-headed mountain-finch (Leucosticte brandti) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Brandt's mountain finch	mountain-finch
parent taxon	Ankasocris is a genus of moths of the Zygaenidae family, containing only one species, Ankasocris striatus.	Ankasocris	Zygaenidae
parent taxon	Sassafras is a genus of three extant and one extinct species of deciduous trees in the family Lauraceae, native to eastern North America and eastern Asia.	Sassafras	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The Ugandan lowland shrew (Crocidura selina) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Ugandan lowland shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Dermatobranchus is a genus of sea slugs, or nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Arminidae.	Dermatobranchus	Arminidae
parent taxon	The Umpqua chub (Oregonichthys kalawatseti) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Umpqua chub	Oregonichthys
parent taxon	According to FishBase, they are part of the family Centriscidae, but some authorities split that family, in which case the genus Macroramphosus is in the family Macroramphosidae.	Macroramphosus	Macroramphosidae
parent taxon	As a member of Biarmosuchia, the most basal group of therapsids, Lycaenodon shares many features with earlier and less mammal-like synapsids like Dimetrodon.	Lycaenodon	Biarmosuchia
parent taxon	Linsleychroma monnei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae; the only species in the genus Linsleychroma.	Linsleychroma	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Bignose conger (Rhynchoconger nitens, also known as the Needletail conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).	Bignose conger	Rhynchoconger
parent taxon	Cylindrobulla is the type genus of the family Cylindrobullidae and it is the only genus in the family.	Cylindrobulla	Cylindrobullidae
parent taxon	Paracorophium is a genus of amphipods in the family Corophiidae.	Paracorophium	Corophiidae
parent taxon	Bucaniidae is an extinct family of paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position possibly being either Gastropods or Monoplacophorans in the superfamily Bellerophontoidea.	Bucaniidae	Bellerophontoidea
parent taxon	Neoclaviceps is a fungal genus of fungi in the family Clavicipitaceae.	Neoclaviceps	Clavicipitaceae
parent taxon	Taxonomically, Homo is the only genus assigned to the subtribe Hominina which, with the subtribes Australopithecina and Panina, comprise the tribe Hominini (see evolutionary tree below).	Homo	Hominina
parent taxon	Xenodontinae is a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes.	Xenodontinae	Colubridae
parent taxon	The Shortfin lizardfish (Saurida micropectoralis) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly off the coast of Japan.	Shortfin lizardfish	Saurida
parent taxon	Tangarona pensa is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Tangarona.	Tangarona	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Venezuelan flowerpiercer (Diglossa venezuelensis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Venezuelan flowerpiercer	Diglossa
parent taxon	The Greenbrier cavesnail, scientific name Fontigens turritella, is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Greenbrier cavesnail	Fontigens
parent taxon	Saururus is a genus of plants in the family Saururaceae containing two species.	Saururus	Saururaceae
parent taxon	The Australian brushturkey or Australian brush-turkey (Alectura lathami), also frequently called the scrub turkey or bush turkey, is a common, widespread species of mound-building bird from the family Megapodiidae found in eastern Australia from Far North Queensland to Illawarra in New South Wales.	Australian brushturkey	Alectura
parent taxon	Wegelina is a genus of funguy in the family Calosphaeriaceae containing 7 species.	Wegelina	Calosphaeriaceae
parent taxon	Felis margarita margarita is a subspecies of the sand cat, inhabiting the Sahara.	Felis margarita margarita	sand cat
parent taxon	The Australian water dragon (Intellagama lesueurii, formerly Physignathus lesueurii ), which includes the eastern water dragon (I. l. lesueurii ) and the Gippsland water dragon (I. l. howittii ) subspecies, is an arboreal agamid species native to eastern Australia from Victoria northwards to Queensland.	Australian water dragon	Intellagama	Physignathus
parent taxon	The Javan spitting cobra (Naja sputatrix) also called the southern Indonesian cobra, or Indonesian cobra, is a stocky and highly venomous species of spitting cobra native to Indonesia.	Javan spitting cobra	Naja
parent taxon	The Chiapan climbing rat (Tylomys bullaris) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Chiapan climbing rat	Tylomys
parent taxon	Chlorion is a genus of Hymenoptera of the Sphecidae family of wasps.	Chlorion	Sphecidae
parent taxon	The Nicobar long-tailed macaque (Macaca fascicularis umbrosa, popularly known as the Nicobar monkey) is a subspecies of the crab-eating macaque (M. fascicularis), endemic to the Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal.	Nicobar long-tailed macaque	crab-eating macaque
parent taxon	Chlopsis is a genus of eels of the family Chlopsidae.	Chlopsis	Chlopsidae
parent taxon	Zeuneria is a genus of katydids crickets in family Phaneropteridae subfamily Phaneropterinae.	Zeuneria	Phaneropterinae
parent taxon	Lanelater is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.	Lanelater	Elateridae
parent taxon	Pauridia is a flowering plant genus in the family Hypoxidaceae, endemic to South Africa.	Pauridia	Hypoxidaceae
parent taxon	Macrophoma is a genus of anamorphic fungi in the family Botryosphaeriaceae.	Macrophoma	Botryosphaeriaceae
parent taxon	Copiphana was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Teinoptera.	Copiphana	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Wainuia is a genus of air-breathing predatory land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Rhytididae.	Wainuia	Rhytididae
parent taxon	Dermestes is a genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae, the skin beetles.	Dermestes	Dermestidae
parent taxon	The Malagasy sheldgoose (Centrornis majori) is an extinct monotypic species of large goose in the shelduck subfamily.	Malagasy sheldgoose	Centrornis
parent taxon	The Doucet's musk shrew (Crocidura douceti) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Doucet's musk shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Leucospermum (Pincushion, Pincushion Protea or Leucospermum) is a genus of about 50 species of flowering plants in the family Proteaceae, native to Zimbabwe and South Africa, where they occupy a variety of habitats, including scrub, forest, and mountain slopes.	Leucospermum	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Mimagoniatites is a genus of ammonoid cephalopod which lived during the early Devonian, regarded as belonging to the Agoniatitdae as a member of the subfamily Mimagoniatitinae.	Mimagoniatites	Mimagoniatitinae
parent taxon	Saussure's shrew (Sorex saussurei) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Saussure's shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Anopla are a class of marine worms of the phylum Nemertea, characterized by the absence of stylets on the proboscis, the mouth being below or behind the brain, and by having separate openings for the mouth and proboscis.	Anopla	Nemertea
parent taxon	Furcifer angeli, also known as Angel's chameleon, initially described as Chamaeleo angeli, is a species of chameleon that is endemic to northwest Madagascar.	Angel's chameleon	Furcifer
parent taxon	Byrsonima is one of about 75 genera in the Malpighiaceae, a family of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales.	Byrsonima	Malpighiaceae
parent taxon	Heliothinae is a small subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae.	Heliothinae	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Kimberley froglet, Crinia fimbriata, is an Australian froglet found on the Mitchell Plateau in the north-west region of the Kimberley Mountains in Western Australia.	Kimberley froglet	Crinia
parent taxon	Ivantstov & Fedonkin (2002), suggest that Rugoconites may possess tri-radial symmetry and be a member of the Trilobozoa.	Rugoconites	Trilobozoa
parent taxon	Barberetta is a genus of herbs in the family Haemodoraceae, first described as a genus in 1868.	Barberetta	Haemodoraceae
parent taxon	The Continental Divide tree frog, Isthmohyla graceae, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Panama and possibly Costa Rica.	Continental Divide tree frog	Isthmohyla
parent taxon	Phylogenetic analyses place Barasaurus within the Owenettidae, the sister taxon of Procolophonidae.	Barasaurus	Owenettidae
parent taxon	The Spanish algyroides (Algyroides marchi ), also commonly known as the Spanish keeled lizard or Valverde's lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Spanish algyroides	Algyroides
parent taxon	Luetzelburgia (common names include sucupira and angelim) is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Luetzelburgia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Bittium is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiidae, the horn snails.	Bittium	Cerithiidae
parent taxon	Palmulacypraea is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries	Palmulacypraea	Cypraeidae
parent taxon	Cabrera's hutia (Mesocapromys angelcabrerai) is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae.	Cabrera's hutia	Mesocapromys
parent taxon	Prevost's ground sparrow (Melozone biarcuatum), also known as the white-faced ground sparrow, is an American sparrow.	Prevost's ground sparrow	Melozone
parent taxon	Palaeonictis is an extinct hyena-like predatory mammal belonging to the family Oxyaenidae, existing from the late Paleocene to the early Eocene times.	Palaeonictis	Oxyaenidae
parent taxon	Anacoracidae is an extinct shark family in the order Lamniformes.	Anacoracidae	Lamniformes
parent taxon	Trichilogaster is a small genus of chalcid wasps in the family Pteromalidae, subfamily Ormocerinae.	Trichilogaster	Pteromalidae
parent taxon	Carlowrightia is a genus of flowering plants in the bear's breeches family, Acanthaceae.	Carlowrightia	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Dodecastigma is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1932.	Dodecastigma	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Kashmir flycatcher (Ficedula subrubra) is a small passerine bird in the flycatcher family Muscicapidae.	Kashmir flycatcher	Ficedula
parent taxon	The Guadalupe caracara (Caracara lutosa) or mourning caracara is an extinct bird of prey belonging to the falcon family (Falconidae).	Guadalupe caracara	Caracara
parent taxon	Levinellidae is a family of sponges in the order Clathrinida.	Levinellidae	Clathrinida
parent taxon	Thalassoceratidae a family of late Paleozoic ammonites included in the goniatitid superfamily Thalassoceratoidea along with the Bisatoceratidae.	Thalassoceratidae	Thalassoceratoidea
parent taxon	Lewin's rail (Lewinia pectoralis) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Lewin's rail	Lewinia
parent taxon	The Basilan flying squirrel (Philippines flying squirrel or Mindanao flying squirrel ) (Petinomys crinitus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Basilan flying squirrel	Petinomys
parent taxon	Exema is a genus of leaf beetles in the tribe Chlamisini.	Exema	Chlamisini
parent taxon	The seamoths make up a family of fishes, the Pegasidae, within the order Gasterosteiformes.	Pegasidae	Gasterosteiformes
parent taxon	Micropterix is a genus of small primitive metallic moths in the insect order Lepidoptera within the family Micropterigidae that is distributed across Europe south to North Africa and east as far as Japan.	Micropterix	Micropterigidae
parent taxon	The Natal ghost frog (Hadromophryne natalensis) is a species of frog in the Heleophrynidae family.	Natal ghost frog	Hadromophryne
parent taxon	The Asian gray shrew (Crocidura attenuata) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Asian gray shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Ctenothrissa is a prehistoric genus of ray-finned fish in the supposed order ``Ctenothrissiformes''.	Ctenothrissa	Ctenothrissiformes
parent taxon	The Japanese whiting, Sillago japonica, (also known as the Japanese sillago or Shiro-gisu) is a common species of coastal marine fish belonging to the smelt-whiting family, Sillaginidae.	Japanese whiting	Sillago
parent taxon	The Nevis skink, Oligosoma toka, is a nationally vulnerable species of skink native to New Zealand.	Nevis skink	Oligosoma
parent taxon	The Gulf menhaden (Brevoortia patronus) is a small marine filter feeding fish belonging to the family Clupeidae.	Gulf menhaden	Brevoortia
parent taxon	Theraphosinae is a large subfamily of Mygalomorphae spiders in the Theraphosidae family found if the Neotropical ecozone.	Theraphosinae	Theraphosidae
parent taxon	Within Massospondylidae, Leyesaurus was found to be most closely related to Adeopapposaurus.	Leyesaurus	Massospondylidae
parent taxon	Vieira's titi monkey (Callicebus vieirai) is a species of titi, a type of New World monkey, from central-northern Brazil.	Vieira's titi	Callicebus
parent taxon	In 2004, such a relationship was established between Melanophylla, Aralidium and Torricellia, resulting in the transfer of the first two of these genera into Torricelliaceae.	Melanophylla	Torricelliaceae
parent taxon	The Bombay duck or bummalo, Harpadon nehereus, (Bengali: bamaloh or loytta, Marathi: bombil, Sinhala: bombeli, Urdu: بمبل مچھلی) is, despite its name, not a duck but a lizardfish.	Bombay duck	Harpadon
parent taxon	The Guinean weever (Trachinus armatus) is a fish of the Trachinidae family, widespread in the eastern Atlantic along the coasts of Africa from Mauritania to Angola.	Guinean weever	Trachinus
parent taxon	Proatriplex is a monotypic plant genus in the subfamily Chenopodioideae of the Amaranthaceae family, with the only species Proatriplex pleiantha (Syn. Atriplex pleiantha).	Proatriplex	Chenopodioideae
parent taxon	Berlanguella is a genus of sea slugs, specifically dorid nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod molluscs in the family Chromodorididae.	Berlanguella	Chromodorididae
parent taxon	The Limacinidae are a family of small sea snails, pteropods, pelagic marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Thecosomata (sea butterflies).	Limacinidae	Thecosomata
parent taxon	Scolosanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the coffee family, Rubiaceae.	Scolosanthus	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Pseudolecanactis is a lichenized genus of fungi in the family Roccellaceae; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota, the placement in this family is uncertain.	Pseudolecanactis	Roccellaceae
parent taxon	The Milkweed Leaf Beetle (Latin : Labidomera clivicollis) is a species of Beetle from the family Chrysomelidae.	Milkweed Leaf Beetle	Labidomera
parent taxon	Myrmeanthrenus frontalis is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Myrmeanthrenus.	Myrmeanthrenus	Dermestidae
parent taxon	Lenophyllum is a genus of flowering plants in the orpine family, Crassulaceae.	Lenophyllum	Crassulaceae
parent taxon	Saukiella is a genus of trilobite of the Saukiidae family.	Saukiella	Saukiidae
parent taxon	Trigonias is an extinct genus of rhinoceros from the late Eocene (Chadronian) some 35 million years ago of North America (Prothero, 2005).	Trigonias	rhinoceros
parent taxon	Stenopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha, in the infraorder Caeciliusetae.	Stenopsocidae	Psocoptera
parent taxon	Sisyrinchieae is the second largest tribe in the Iridoideae subfamily.	Sisyrinchieae	Iridoideae
parent taxon	Monterissa is a genus of minute cave snails with an operculum, gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrocenidae.	Monterissa	Hydrocenidae
parent taxon	Siphopatella walshi (Syn. Crepidula walshi), common name : the Eastern White Slipper Limpet, is a species of small sea snail, a slipper snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails or slipper limpets, cup-and-saucer snails, and Chinese hat snails.	Crepidula walshi	Siphopatella
parent taxon	The Kano mole (Mogera kanoana) is a species of mole native to Taiwan.	Kano mole	Mogera
parent taxon	Agastrioceras is a genus of belonging to the Gastrioceratidae families.	Agastrioceras	Gastrioceratidae
parent taxon	Sericomyia is a genus of large Hoverflies, from the family Syrphidae, in the order Diptera.	Sericomyia	Syrphidae
parent taxon	Titanites is an extinct ammonite cephalopod genus within the family Dorsoplanitidae, that lived during the upper Tithonian stage of the Late Jurassic.	Titanites	Dorsoplanitidae
parent taxon	Dalodesmidae is a family of millipedes in the order Polydesmida, containing at least 250 species found in the Southern Hemisphere.	Dalodesmidae	Polydesmida
parent taxon	Recent phylogenentic studies of Crassulaceae indicate that Aichryson is closely related to Monanthes and Aeonium (both genera are also largely endemic to the Canary Islands).	Aichryson	Crassulaceae
parent taxon	The Alexandrine parakeet or Alexandrian parrot (Psittacula eupatria) is a member of the psittaciformes order and of the Psittaculidae family.	Alexandrine parakeet	Psittacula
parent taxon	Safflower (Carthamus tinctorius L.) is a highly branched, herbaceous, thistle-like annual plant.	Safflower	Carthamus
parent taxon	Paragehyra is a genus of lizards in the family Gekkonidae (geckos).	Paragehyra	geckos
parent taxon	The Chinese cobra (Naja atra), also called Taiwan cobra, is a species of cobra in the Elapidae family, found mostly in southern China and a couple of neighboring nations and islands.	Chinese cobra	Naja
parent taxon	Marstonia scalariformis, previously known as Pyrgulopsis scalariformis, common name the moss pyrg, is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Marstonia scalariformis	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	Ornithomyinae is a subfamily of the fly family Hippoboscidae.	Ornithomyinae	Hippoboscidae
parent taxon	Boulenger's pipe snake, Cylindrophis boulengeri, is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Cylindrophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.	Boulenger's pipe snake	Cylindrophiidae
parent taxon	The Indian roundleaf bat (Hipposideros lankadiva) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Indian roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Woosnam's broad-headed mouse or Woosnam's zelotomys (Zelotomys woosnami) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Woosnam's broad-headed mouse	Zelotomys
parent taxon	The Zapata rail (Cyanolimnas cerverai) is a medium-sized, dark-coloured rail, the only member of the monotypic genus Cyanolimnas.	Zapata rail	Cyanolimnas
parent taxon	Gomphillus is a genus of lichens within the Gomphillaceae family.	Gomphillus	Gomphillaceae
parent taxon	The insect tribe Stromboscerini is part of the weevil family Curculionidae, subfamily Dryophthorinae.	Stromboscerini	Curculionidae
parent taxon	The Angel Island mouse or La Guarda deermouse (Peromyscus guardia) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.	Angel Island mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	With reexamination of the tribe Agathidiini to which they belong, they were reclassified under a new genus Gelae in 2004.	Gelae	Agathidiini
parent taxon	Kailola's hardyhead (Craterocephalus kailolae) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Kailola's hardyhead	Craterocephalus
parent taxon	Subfamily Anguinae Genus Anguis Anguis cephallonica, Peloponnese slow worm --	Anguis	Anguinae
parent taxon	The Saint Lucia mullet (Liza luciae) is a species of fish in the Mugilidae family.	Saint Lucia mullet	Liza
parent taxon	The Moussier's redstart (Phoenicurus moussieri) is a small passerine bird in the genus Phoenicurus (redstarts), formerly classed as a member of the thrush family (Turdidae), but is now classified as an Old World flycatcher (Muscicapidae).	Moussier's redstart	Phoenicurus
parent taxon	Argonauta nodosa, also known as the knobby or knobbed argonaut, is a species of pelagic octopus.	Argonauta nodosa	argonaut
parent taxon	Afrobrunnichia is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with two species in West Africa.	Afrobrunnichia	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	Philinoglossidae is a family of marine snails, gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Philinoidea.	Philinoglossidae	Philinoidea
parent taxon	The Seram small tree-nymph (Ideopsis klassika) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae family.	Seram small tree-nymph	Ideopsis
parent taxon	Fraxinus anomala is a species of ash tree known by the common name single-leaf ash.	Fraxinus anomala	ash
parent taxon	Wislouchiella is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Chlamydomonadales.	Wislouchiella	Chlamydomonadales
parent taxon	Argocoffeopsis is a genus of 10 species flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.	Argocoffeopsis	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Cheirodendron is a genus of flowering plant in the ivy family, Araliaceae.	Cheirodendron	Araliaceae
parent taxon	Based on morphological and molecular analyses, Monotropastrum has been placed in the Ericaceae subfamily Monotropoideae, and the tribe Monotropeae.	Monotropastrum	Monotropoideae
parent taxon	The Tanimbar oriole (Oriolus decipiens) is a species of bird in the Oriolidae family.	Tanimbar oriole	Oriolus
parent taxon	Aethoceras is a Tarphycerida nautiloid included in the family Estonioceratidae for which the shell is a loosely coiled, gradually expanding dextral torticone with a slightly derpressed whorl section.	Aethoceras	Estonioceratidae
parent taxon	Aplectrum hyemale is a species of orchid in the family Orchidaceae native to the eastern United States and Canada, from Oklahoma east to the Carolinas and north to Minnesota, Ontario, Quebec and Massachusetts.	Aplectrum	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	The American butterfish (also known as the Atlantic butterfish), Peprilus triacanthus, is a butterfish of the family Stromateidae.	American butterfish	Peprilus
parent taxon	Homaloceras is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod from the Middle Devonian with a strongly curved shell, included in the nautilid family Centroceratidae.	Homaloceras	Centroceratidae
parent taxon	Massoniinae is a flowering plant subtribe in the tribe Hyacintheae.	Massoniinae	Hyacintheae
parent taxon	Drepanosaurus is a genus of Drepanosauridae, a group of diapsid reptiles known for their prehensile tails.	Drepanosaurus	Drepanosauridae
parent taxon	Dargeclanis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, consisting of one species, Dargeclanis grandidieri, which is known from Madagascar and the Comoros.	Dargeclanis	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Allotrioceras is a tubular fossil from the Middle Ordovician of the state of New York, collected by Rousseau H. Flower; included by him in the Endocerida and placed in a new family, the Allotrioceratidae.	Allotrioceras	Allotrioceratidae
parent taxon	Winnipegoceras is included in the discosorid family Westonoceratidae and is derived from Westonoceras.	Winnipegoceras	Westonoceratidae
parent taxon	Eoacanthocephala is a class of parasitic worms, within the phylum Acanthocephala.	Eoacanthocephala	Acanthocephala
parent taxon	Hoffmann's woodpecker, Melanerpes hoffmannii, is a resident breeding bird from southern Honduras south to Costa Rica.	Hoffmann's woodpecker	Melanerpes
parent taxon	Promicroceras is included in the family Eoderoceratidae, which is part of the ammonitid superfamily Eoderocerataceae.	Promicroceras	Eoderoceratidae
parent taxon	The Kadavu honeyeater (Xanthotis provocator) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Kadavu honeyeater	Xanthotis
parent taxon	Hymenopus is a genus of flower mantises belonging to the family Hymenopodidae.	Hymenopus	Hymenopodidae
participant of	Anita Wawatai (born 7 December 1980) is a New Zealand field hockey player who competed in the 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Anita Wawatai	2008 Summer Olympics
performer	PD-Atrics is the fourth album released by jazz-based hip hop and pop rock band Pocket Dwellers.	PD-Atrics	Pocket Dwellers
place of birth	Born in Bad Pyrmont, Germany, into a family of merchants, Sir Jacob Behrens settled in Leeds in 1834, establishing his business there.	Jacob Behrens	Bad Pyrmont
position held	Ramiro de León Carpio (12 January 1942 -- 16 April 2002) was the President of Guatemala from 6 June 1993 until 14 January 1996.	Ramiro de León Carpio	President of Guatemala
position played on team / speciality	Dick Kowcinak (May 25, 1917 in Winnipeg, Manitoba -- September 6, 2011) was a Canadian ice hockey left winger who played for the Trail Smoke Eaters who won the Allan Cup and the 1939 World Ice Hockey Championships.	Dick Kowcinak	winger
publisher	Rayman M, later released as Rayman Arena in North America, is a multiplayer party game developed and published by Ubisoft.	Rayman M	Ubisoft
record label	Keys to the Highway is the title of the sixth studio album by American country music artist Rodney Crowell, released in 1989 by Columbia Records (see 1989 in country music).	Keys to the Highway	Columbia Records
screenwriter	Career Girls is a 1997 British dramatic comedy film written and directed by Mike Leigh which tells the story of two women, who reunite after six years apart.	Career Girls	Mike Leigh
series	``Stress Relief'' is a two-part episode of the American comedy television series The Office.	Stress Relief	The Office
series	``Beauty and the Beasts'' is the fourth episode of Season 3 of the horror-drama television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Beauty and the Beasts	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
series	``On the Day Before'' is the forty-eighth The West Wing episode and fourth of the third season.	On the Day Before	The West Wing
series	``Michael Scott Paper Company'' is the twenty-third episode of the fifth season of the television series The Office, and the 95th overall episode of the series.	Michael Scott Paper Company	The Office
series	The Accusers is a 2003 historical mystery crime novel by Lindsey Davis and the 15th book of the Marcus Didius Falco Mysteries series.	The Accusers	Marcus Didius Falco
series	Slicked-up Pup is a 1951 American one-reel animated cartoon and is the 60th Tom and Jerry cartoon directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby.	Slicked-up Pup	Tom and Jerry
series	``Stewie Goes for a Drive'' is the fourth episode of the tenth season of the animated American comedy series Family Guy.	Stewie Goes for a Drive	Family Guy
series	``The Polar Bear Suit'' is the second episode of the first season in the Swift and Shift Couriers Series.	The Polar Bear Suit	Swift and Shift Couriers
series	``I'm Leslie Knope'' is the first episode of the fourth season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 47th overall episode of the series.	I'm Leslie Knope	Parks and Recreation
series	``Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment'' is the thirteenth episode of The Simpsons' second season and the 26th episode overall.	Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment	The Simpsons
series	More Than Honor, published in 1998, was the first anthology of stories set in the Honorverse.	More Than Honor	Honorverse
series	``Not What He Seems'' is the eleventh episode of the second season of the American animated television series Gravity Falls, created by Alex Hirsch.	Not What He Seems	Gravity Falls
series	Hercules and the Amazon Women is the first movie-length pilot episode of the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.	Hercules and the Amazon Women	Hercules: The Legendary Journeys
series	We Know Our Onions is the fourth episode of the sixth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on 21 November 1973.	We Know Our Onions	Dad's Army
series	``The Sniffing Accountant'' is the 68th episode of the sitcom Seinfeld, being the fourth episode of the series' fifth season.	The Sniffing Accountant	Seinfeld
series	``Journey to the Centre of the TARDIS'' is the tenth episode of the seventh series of the British science-fiction drama Doctor Who and was broadcast on 27 April 2013, and stars Matt Smith as the Eleventh Doctor and Jenna-Louise Coleman as Clara Oswald.	Journey to the Centre of the TARDIS	Doctor Who
series	The Shadowers is a novel by Donald Hamilton first published in 1964, continuing the exploits of assassin Matt Helm.	The Shadowers	Matt Helm
series	``Stark Raving Dad'' is the first episode of the third season of American animated television series The Simpsons.	Stark Raving Dad	The Simpsons
series	His Mouse Friday is a 1951 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 59th Tom and Jerry cartoon directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby for Metro Goldwyn Mayer.	His Mouse Friday	Tom and Jerry
series	``The Seminar'' is the fourteenth episode of seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 140th episode overall.	The Seminar	The Office
series	Kinect Party is the sequel to Double Fine Happy Action Theater, Double Fine's Kinect motion-sensing based casual video game for the Xbox 360.	Kinect Party	Double Fine Happy Action Theater
series	``Cartman Gets an Anal Probe'' is the first episode of the animated television series South Park.	Cartman Gets an Anal Probe	South Park
series	``I Don't Wanna Know Why the Caged Bird Sings'' is the fourth episode of The Simpsons' nineteenth season, and first aired on October 14, 2007.	I Don't Wanna Know Why the Caged Bird Sings	The Simpsons
series	``The Final Page'' is an hour-long episode of the eighth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother.	The Final Page	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Pray Anything'' is the tenth episode of the fourteenth season of The Simpsons.	Pray Anything	The Simpsons
series	``Basic Intergluteal Numismatics'' is the third episode of the fifth season of Community and the 87th episode overall.	Basic Intergluteal Numismatics	Community
series	The Saab 9-5 is an executive car that was produced by the Swedish automobile maker Saab.	Saab 9-5	executive car
series	``Free Family Portrait Studio'' is the twenty-fourth episode and season finale of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 176th episode overall.	Free Family Portrait Studio	The Office
series	Not until 1843 did it take on its present title of Le Curé de Tours when it appeared in volume II of Scènes de la vie de province (volume VI of his vast narrative series La Comédie humaine).	Le Curé de Tours	La Comédie humaine
series	``Go Big or Go Home'' is the third season premiere of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 31st overall episode of the series.	Go Big or Go Home	Parks and Recreation
series	The Harsh Cry of the Heron is the sequel to Lian Hearn's popular Tales of the Otori trilogy, first published on March 7, 2006.	The Harsh Cry of the Heron	Tales of the Otori
series	``Hell Money'' is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the science fiction television series The X-Files and 68th episode overall.	Hell Money	The X-Files
series	``The Titan on the Tracks'' is the second season premiere of the American television series, Bones and 23rd episode overall.	The Titan on the Tracks	Bones
series	``First Time in New York'' is the 12th episode in the second season of the television series How I Met Your Mother.	First Time in New York	How I Met Your Mother
series	The Fiat Uno is a supermini car which was produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat.	Fiat Uno	supermini
series	The Palace of Love (1967) is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack Vance, the third in his Demon Princes series.	The Palace of Love	Demon Princes
series	``The Scofflaw'' is the 99th episode of the NBC sitcom ``Seinfeld''.	The Scofflaw	Seinfeld
series	``The Food Wife'' is the fifth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated sitcom The Simpsons.	The Food Wife	The Simpsons
series	The Book of Three (1964) is a high fantasy novel by Lloyd Alexander, the first of five volumes in The Chronicles of Prydain.	The Book of Three	The Chronicles of Prydain
series	``The Next Phase'' is the 124th episode of the American syndicated science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the 24th episode of the fifth season.	The Next Phase	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``Nine Wives'' is the 12th episode of the third season of the American television show Numb3rs.	Nine Wives	Numb3rs
series	The Sudden Storm is the last episode of the third series of the period drama Upstairs, Downstairs.	The Sudden Storm	Upstairs, Downstairs
series	``Final Mission'' is the 83rd episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, and the ninth episode of the fourth season.	Final Mission	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	Sonic Rivals is a game in the Sonic the Hedgehog series that was released in late 2006.	Sonic Rivals	Sonic the Hedgehog
sport	Dorin Giurgiuca (December 8, 1944, Mihalț, Alba County, Romania - June 4, 2013) was a Romanian table tennis player and coach.	Dorin Giurgiuca	table tennis
spouse	Tim Steed (born December 30, 1957) is an American comedian, author, screenwriter, songwriter, and keynote speaker.In 2007, he married Alice Patten (who acted in bollywood movie Rang de basanti).	Tim Steed	Alice Patten
spouse	Francesco Sorti is an Italian journalist who, in collaboration with his wife Rita Monaldi, wrote a series of literary-historical books called Imprimatur, Secretum and Veritas, with Atto Melani as a central character.	Francesco Sorti	Rita Monaldi
spouse	Brian Oulton lived latterly in Stratford-upon-Avon and was married to the actress Peggy Thorpe-Bates (1914--1989), best known for her portrayal of the wife of Horace Rumpole (``she who must be obeyed'') in the first television series of John Mortimer's novels.	Brian Oulton	Peggy Thorpe-Bates
spouse	Wenxiu (1909--1953), married Puyi in 1922, was his Consort Shu (淑妃).	Puyi	Wenxiu
spouse	Godley became engaged to actress Jane Krakowski in December 2009 and their son Bennett Robert Godley was born in April 2011.	Robert Godley	Jane Krakowski
spouse	Margo Johns (1919 -- 29 September 2009) was a British actress and the first wife of actor William Franklyn.	Margo Johns	William Franklyn
spouse	Mona Shourie Kapoor (3 February 1964 -- 25 March 2012) was the daughter of Sattee Shourie and the first wife of Bollywood film producer, Boney Kapoor.	Mona Shourie Kapoor	Boney Kapoor
spouse	Catherine Blake (née Boucher; 25 April 1762 -- 18 October 1831) was the wife of the poet, painter and engraver William Blake, and a vital presence and assistant throughout his life.	Catherine Blake	William Blake
spouse	Ike Jones (December 23, 1929 -- October 5, 2014) was a producer and actor who was perhaps best known for coming forward after the death of actress Inger Stevens with the claim of being her ``secret'' husband.	Ike Jones	Inger Stevens
spouse	The reason of this execution was reportedly because the latter had insulted Shahrbaraz during the reign of Khosrau II. Forty days later, during a ceremony, Shahrbaraz was killed by a spear thrown by Farrukh Hormizd, who then helped Borandukht, the daughter of Khosrau II, to ascend the throne.	Shahrbaraz	Borandukht
spouse	Jambavati (IAST jāmbavatī) is one of the Ashtabharya, the eight principal queen-consorts of Hindu god Krishna, an avatar of the god Vishnu and the king of Dwarka -- in the Dwapara Yuga (epoch).	Jambavati	Krishna
spouse	Iaret is depicted on a Year 7 stela of Thutmose IV from Konosso.	Iaret	Thutmose IV
spouse	Robert Delaunay (12 April 1885 -- 25 October 1941) was a French artist who, with his wife Sonia Delaunay and others, cofounded the Orphism art movement, noted for its use of strong colours and geometric shapes.	Robert Delaunay	Sonia Delaunay
spouse	Zoé Laurier, Lady Laurier (née Lafontaine; June 26, 1841 -- November 1, 1921) was the wife of Sir Wilfrid Laurier, the seventh Prime Minister of Canada.	Zoé Laurier	Wilfrid Laurier
spouse	Princess Ebba Bernadotte, née Ebba Henrietta Munck af Fulkila (24 October 1858 -- 16 October 1946), was a Swedish noble, lady in waiting and a titular princess, the spouse of Prince Oscar Bernadotte.	Ebba Bernadotte	Prince Oscar Bernadotte
spouse	Gia Maione Prima (May 20, 1941 -- September 23, 2013) was an American singer and wife of singer Louis Prima.	Gia Maione	Louis Prima
spouse	Mark Herron (8 July 1928 -- 13 January 1996) was an American actor best known as the fourth husband of singer and actress Judy Garland.	Mark Herron	Judy Garland
spouse	In 1836, Lionel de Rothschild married his first cousin Baroness Charlotte von Rothschild (1819--1884), the daughter of Baron Carl Mayer Rothschild of the Rothschild banking family of Naples.	Lionel de Rothschild	Charlotte von Rothschild
spouse	Anne de La Tour d'Auvergne (1496--1524) was sovereign Countess of Auvergne from 1501 until 1524, and Duchess of Albany by marriage to John Stewart, Duke of Albany.	Anne de La Tour d'Auvergne	John Stewart, Duke of Albany
spouse	Dean Parisot was married to film editor Sally Menke until her death in 2010; the couple had two children.	Dean Parisot	Sally Menke
spouse	Zaynab bint Khuzayma (Arabic: زينب بنت خزيمة‎, Umm al-Masakin, Mother of the Poor, born 595) was the fifth wife of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.	Zaynab bint Khuzayma	Muhammad
spouse	Jacky Ickx is married to singer Khadja Nin.	Jacky Ickx	Khadja Nin
spouse	Marilyn Imrie has married twice, the first ending in divorce, the second in 1985 to the novelist and film-maker James Runcie, the son of Robert Runcie, the former Archbishop of Canterbury.	Marilyn Imrie	James Runcie
spouse	Serge Golon (1903--1972), born Vsevolod Sergeevich Golubinov (Russian: Всеволод Серге́евич Голубинов), was a writer, the husband of French author Anne Golon, in collaboration with whom he wrote the Angélique series.	Serge Golon	Anne Golon
spouse	Vasudeva married Devaki, the sister of Kamsa, and he was also the father of Krishna's sister Subhadra.	Vasudeva	Devaki
spouse	Chen Yueyi (Chinese: 陳月儀; 565?-650?), later Buddhist nun name Huaguang (華光), was a concubine of Emperor Xuan of Northern Zhou, an emperor of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou.	Chen Yueyi	Emperor Xuan of Northern Zhou
spouse	Eudokia Baïana (died 12 April 901) was the third wife of Leo VI the Wise.	Eudokia Baïana	Leo VI the Wise
spouse	Sophie Blanchard (25 March 1778 -- 6 July 1819) was a French aeronaut and the wife of ballooning pioneer Jean-Pierre Blanchard.	Sophie Blanchard	Jean-Pierre Blanchard
spouse	Zhang Yuqi and Wang Quan'an had a whirlwind romance in 2011, and they married on April 18 in that year.	Zhang Yuqi	Wang Quan'an
spouse	Since 1993 Martha Edelheit is a resident of Sweden on a farm in Svartsjölandet outside Stockholm after her marriage to her childhood sweetheart Sam Nilsson.	Martha Edelheit	Sam Nilsson
spouse	David and Mary Boies endowed a chair in government at the University of Redlands, the college that David Boies attended.	David Boies	Mary Boies
spouse	Guru Ratikant Mohapatra is married to Sujata Mohapatra who is a dancer and Odissi exponent.	Ratikant Mohapatra	Sujata Mohapatra
spouse	Max Nemni is a Canadian political scientist and writer, best known for a series of biographies of former Prime Minister of Canada Pierre Trudeau which he cowrote with his wife Monique Nemni.	Max Nemni	Monique Nemni
spouse	She married fellow artist John William Waterhouse at the parish church in Ealing, in 1883, and thereafter used the name Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse.	Esther Kenworthy Waterhouse	John William Waterhouse
taxon rank	Protemblemaria punctata, the Warthead blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny endemic to the Atlantic coast of northeast Venezuela where it is found on shallow, sandy bottoms down to a depth of 20 metres (66 ft).	Protemblemaria punctata	species
taxon rank	The West African giraffe, Niger giraffe or Nigerian giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis peralta) is a subspecies of giraffe distinguished by its light colored spots, which is found in the Sahel regions of West Africa.	West African giraffe	subspecies
taxon rank	Eutrephoceras is an extinct genus of nautilus from the Late Jurassic to the Miocene (around 161 to 5 million years ago).	Eutrephoceras	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon thompsoniae is a species of penstemon known by the common name Thompson's beardtongue.	Penstemon thompsoniae	species
taxon rank	Elaidius biplagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Elaidius.	Elaidius biplagiatus	species
taxon rank	Decimiana clavata is a species of praying mantis in the genus Decimiana in the order Mantodea.	Decimiana clavata	species
taxon rank	Ponginae is a subfamily in the hominidae family.	Ponginae	subfamily
taxon rank	Astragalus applegatei is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Applegate's milkvetch.	Astragalus applegatei	species
taxon rank	Angraecopsis is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae.	Angraecopsis	genus
taxon rank	Ochrolechia is a genus of lichen belonging to the suborder Lecanorineae.	Ochrolechia	genus
taxon rank	Globodera pallida is a species of nematode in the family Heteroderidae.	Globodera pallida	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus minutus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic, at elevations of 879--2,300 m (2,884--7,546 ft) asl.	Eleutherodactylus minutus	species
taxon rank	Vicia faba, also known as the broad bean, fava bean, faba bean, field bean, bell bean, English bean, horse bean, Windsor bean, pigeon bean and tic(k) bean, is a species of flowering plant in the vetch and pea family Fabaceae.	Vicia faba	species
taxon rank	Microdynerus is a genus of potter wasps in the family Vespidae.	Microdynerus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudochazara gilgitica (Tytler, 1926) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Pseudochazara gilgitica	species
taxon rank	Dugesia golanica is a species of dugesiid triclad that inhabits freshwater bodies of Israel.	Dugesia golanica	species
taxon rank	Eumenes fraternus is a species of potter wasp in the subfamily Eumeninae of the family Vespidae.	Eumenes fraternus	species
taxon rank	Conoclinium, the mistflowers, is a genus of four species of herbaceous perennial flowering plants, native to North America.	Conoclinium	genus
taxon rank	Dendrobium speciosum is not only a widespread Australian orchid but also a very variable orchid, forming a species complex.	Dendrobium speciosum	species
taxon rank	Conus rattus, common name the rat cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus rattus	species
taxon rank	Indirana leptodactyla is a species of frog found in the southern Western Ghats of India.	Indirana leptodactyla	species
taxon rank	Gannansaurus is an extinct genus of somphospondylan sauropod dinosaur known from the late Late Cretaceous Nanxiong Formation of Ganzhou Basin, Jiangxi Province of southern China.	Gannansaurus	genus
taxon rank	Juncus mexicanus is a species of rush known by the common name Mexican rush.	Juncus mexicanus	species
taxon rank	Vitula broweri, Brower's Vitula moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Vitula.	Vitula broweri	species
taxon rank	Hulsea heterochroma is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name redray alpinegold.	Hulsea heterochroma	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos nissenana is a species of manzanita known by the common name Nissenan manzanita.	Arctostaphylos nissenana	species
taxon rank	Cleonus is a weevil genus in the family Curculionidae.	Cleonus	genus
taxon rank	Botryosphaeria stevensii is a plant pathogen that causes cankers on several tree species including apple as well as black dead arm on grape.	Botryosphaeria stevensii	species
taxon rank	Orthocycloceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod, essentially a Nautiloid, that lived in what would be Europe during the Silurian to Devonian from 428.2--412.3 mya, existing for approximately 15.9 million years.	Orthocycloceras	genus
taxon rank	Zhuchengceratops is a genus of extinct leptoceratopsid ceratopsian that lived during the Upper Cretaceous of modern-day China.	Zhuchengceratops	genus
taxon rank	Frasera coloradensis is a species of flowering plant in the gentian family known by the common names Colorado green gentian, or Colorado gentian, and Colorado frasera.	Frasera coloradensis	species
taxon rank	Modiolarca impacta is a species of saltwater clam, a mussel, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Mytilidae, the mussels.	Modiolarca impacta	species
taxon rank	Bolbena hottentotta, common name hottentot mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Kenya, and Namibia.	Bolbena hottentotta	species
taxon rank	Apypema yara is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apypema.	Apypema yara	species
taxon rank	Three distinct species of the family's sole genus, Aulostomus, are described.	Aulostomus	genus
taxon rank	Sisyrinchium halophilum is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common name Nevada blue-eyed grass.	Sisyrinchium halophilum	species
taxon rank	Olive snails, also known as olive shells and olives, scientific name Olividae, are a taxonomic family of medium to large predatory sea snails with smooth, shiny, elongated oval-shaped shells.	Olive snail	family
taxon rank	Xystodesmidae is a family of millipedes.	Xystodesmidae	family
taxon rank	Wakinosaurus (meaning ``Wakino lizard'') is a genus of theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous (Hauterivian-Barremian) Sengoku Formation of Kyushu, Japan.	Wakinosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Helladia humeralis is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily that can be found in Iran, Turkey and Near East.	Helladia humeralis	species
taxon rank	Psittacinae is a subfamily of Afrotropical or Old World parrots; the eleven species are found in two genera.	Psittacinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Sedum sexangulare, also known as tasteless stonecrop, is a species of succulent perennial and evergreen plant of the genus Sedum.	Sedum sexangulare	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Praescobura chrysomaculata, which is found in northern Vietnam.	Praescobura	species
taxon rank	Hyparrhenia is a genus of grasses.	Hyparrhenia	genus
taxon rank	Herina ghilianii is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in Italy, Malta, and Morocco.	Herina ghilianii	species
taxon rank	Paspalidium (watercrown grass) is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the grass family.	Paspalidium	genus
taxon rank	Athous is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae	Athous	genus
taxon rank	Rasboroides vaterifloris, known as the pearly rasbora, vateria flower rasbora or fire rasbora, is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish endemic to Sri Lanka.	Rasboroides vaterifloris	species
taxon rank	Prionosciadium thapsoides is a plant species native to the States of Veracruz and México, in the República de México, as well as Guatemala.	Prionosciadium thapsoides	species
taxon rank	Cryptomyces is a genus of fungi within the Cryptomycetaceae family.	Cryptomyces	genus
taxon rank	It was named by Sennikov in 2011 and the type species is Augustaburiania vatagini.	Augustaburiania	species
taxon rank	Pachymenia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogaster, a kind of shell-less, worm-like, marine mollusk.	Pachymenia	genus
taxon rank	The Enyo Satyr, Corades enyo, is a species of butterfly found in the high elevations of the Andes in Colombia and Peru.	Corades enyo	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Arnia nervosalis, which is found in France, Spain, Portugal and on Corsica, Sardinia and Sicily, as well as in North Africa, including Algeria and Morocco.	Arnia nervosalis	species
taxon rank	Telephinidae is a family of pelagic trilobites with large wide-angle eyes, occupying most of the free cheeks, downward directed facial spines and 9-10 thorax segments.	Telephinidae	family
taxon rank	Maliarpha concinnella, the pure veneer, is a species of snout moth in the genus Maliarpha.	Maliarpha concinnella	species
taxon rank	Eriochrysis is a genus of African and Neotropical plants in the grass family.	Eriochrysis	genus
taxon rank	Kalanchoe gastonis-bonnieri is a species of flowering plant in the Crassulaceae family.	Kalanchoe gastonis-bonnieri	species
taxon rank	Nepenthes × trusmadiensis (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz truːsmɑːdiˈɛnsɪs/; after Mount Trus Madi), or the Trus Madi Pitcher-Plant, is a natural hybrid of two famous Bornean pitcher plant species:	Nepenthes × trusmadiensis	species
taxon rank	Panorpa is a genus of scorpionflies that is widely dispersed in the Northern hemisphere.	Panorpa	genus
taxon rank	Hymenophyton is a genus of the order Metzgeriales (liverworts) containing one to three species.	Hymenophyton	genus
taxon rank	Bixadoides allardi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Bixadoides.	Bixadoides allardi	species
taxon rank	Heterotheca villosa, called the hairy goldenaster, is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Heterotheca villosa	species
taxon rank	Woonpaikia is a genus of moth in the family Lecithoceridae.	Woonpaikia	genus
taxon rank	Monardella macrantha is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name red monardella.	Monardella macrantha	species
taxon rank	Valenciennea helsdingenii is a species of goby from the Indo-Pacific.	Valenciennea helsdingenii	species
taxon rank	Asclepias exaltata is a species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae known by the common names poke milkweed and tall milkweed.	Asclepias exaltata	species
taxon rank	Cimoliopterus is a genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Cretaceous of England, United Kingdom and Texas, United States.	Cimoliopterus	genus
taxon rank	Spizaetus is the typical hawk-eagle birds of prey genus found in the tropics of the Americas.	Spizaetus	genus
taxon rank	Kinorhyncha (Ancient Greek: κινέω kīnéō ``I move'', ῥύγχος rhúnkhos ``snout'') is a phylum of small (1 mm or less) marine invertebrates that are widespread in mud or sand at all depths as part of the meiobenthos.	Kinorhyncha	phylum
taxon rank	Pseudolophia nigrosignata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudolophia.	Pseudolophia nigrosignata	species
taxon rank	†Nerinea is an extinct genus of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Heterobranchia.	Nerinea	genus
taxon rank	Temognatha heros, the Yellow Jewel Beetle or Large Jewel Beetle, is a species of beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae.	Temognatha heros	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium cuthbertsonii is a species of orchid in the genus Dendrobium.	Dendrobium cuthbertsonii	species
taxon rank	Heterospingus is a small genus of medium-sized tanagers found in forests of South America.	Heterospingus	genus
taxon rank	Staphylococcus xylosus is a species of bacteria belonging to the genus Staphylococcus.	Staphylococcus xylosus	species
taxon rank	Paraphragmitidae is an extinct family of actively mobile aquatic carnivorous cephalopods belonging to the subclass Orthoceratoidea endemic to what would be Asia and Europe during the Silurian living from 436--418.7 mya, existing for approximately 17.3 million years.	Paraphragmitidae	family
taxon rank	Neomyennis zebra is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Neomyennis of the family Tephritidae.	Neomyennis zebra	species
taxon rank	Grammatophyllum multiflorum or the Multiflowered grammatophyllum, is a species of orchid endemic to the Philippines.	Grammatophyllum multiflorum	species
taxon rank	Aspergillus sojae is a mold species in the genus Aspergillus.	Aspergillus sojae	species
taxon rank	Expleuracanthus is a genus of xenacanthidan shark.	Expleuracanthus	genus
taxon rank	Cassia leptophylla is a tropical tree species in the genus Cassia, which is indigenous to Brazil.	Cassia leptophylla	species
taxon rank	The type species for the genus is Planicoxa venenica, first described by Tony DiCroce and Kenneth Carpenter in 2001.	Planicoxa	species
taxon rank	Artemisia scoparia is a Eurasian species in the genus Artemisia, in the sunflower family.	Artemisia scoparia	species
taxon rank	Olearia asterotricha, commonly known as Rough Daisy-bush, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Olearia asterotricha	species
taxon rank	Sphaerium stuhlmanni is a species of bivalve in the Sphaeriidae family.	Sphaerium stuhlmanni	species
taxon rank	Actinia bermudensis, the red, maroon or stinging anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Actiniidae.	Actinia bermudensis	species
taxon rank	Tachynectes is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the Turonian to the Campanian.	Tachynectes	genus
taxon rank	Hummelinck's vesper mouse (Calomys hummelincki) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Hummelinck's vesper mouse	species
taxon rank	Amolops cremnobatus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Laos and Vietnam.	Amolops cremnobatus	species
taxon rank	The combination of differences in size, shapes, and the relative proportions of the bones confirm that the New Zealand musk duck was a distinct species.	New Zealand musk duck	species
taxon rank	Neofelis is a genus comprising two extant felid species from Southeast Asia: the clouded leopard (Neofelis nebulosa) of mainland Asia, and the Sunda clouded leopard (Neofelis diardi) of Sumatra and Borneo.	Neofelis	genus
taxon rank	Schizaea pusilla, the little curlygrass fern, is a species of fern in the family Schizaeaceae.	Schizaea pusilla	species
taxon rank	Oenospila kopperi is a moth species in the genus Oenospila.	Oenospila kopperi	species
taxon rank	Tristychius is an extinct genus of shark from the Carboniferous period.	Tristychius	genus
taxon rank	Pritchardia beccariana, the Kilauea pritchardia, or Beccari's loulu, is a species of palm tree in the genus Pritchardia that is endemic to wet forests on the eastern part of the island of Hawaiʻi, near Hilo.	Pritchardia beccariana	species
taxon rank	Isoetes sinensis is a species of plant in the family Isoetaceae.	Isoetes sinensis	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis borneana is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.	Amorphoscelis borneana	species
taxon rank	Stenachaenium is a genus of South Americaan plants in the daisy family.	Stenachaenium	genus
taxon rank	It is the only genus in the subfamily Salassinae.	Salassinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Phoxacromion kaneharai is a species of goby native to the Pacific waters around the Ryukyus where it occurs in sheltered bays at depths of from 2 to 3 metres (6.6 to 9.8 ft).	Phoxacromion kaneharai	species
taxon rank	Paracrossochilus is a genus of cyprinid fishes containing two species, both of which are endemic to Borneo.	Paracrossochilus	genus
taxon rank	Luina, commonly called silverback, is a small genus of perennial shrubs in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family.	Luina	genus
taxon rank	Sarotherodon lamprechti is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Ejagham in western Cameroon.	Sarotherodon lamprechti	species
taxon rank	Symmetrocapulidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil snails, gastropod mollusks in the monotypic superfamily Symmetrocapuloidea within the clade Cycloneritimorpha.	Symmetrocapulidae	family
taxon rank	The Xiphydriidae are a family of wood wasps with the distinct characteristic of having globose heads borne on their long, skinny ``necks''; they are also unusual in the habit of boring into dead wood, rather than living trees.	Xiphydriidae	family
taxon rank	Sepiola aurantiaca, also known as the Golden Bobtail, is a rare species of bobtail squid native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Sepiola aurantiaca	species
taxon rank	Penstemon newberryi is a species of penstemon known by the common name mountain pride.	Penstemon newberryi	species
taxon rank	Penstemon palmeri var. palmeri - Palmer's penstemon, most occurrences of this species are this variety.	Penstemon palmeri	species
taxon rank	Chachalacas are mainly brown galliform birds from the genus Ortalis.	Chachalaca	genus
taxon rank	Machaonia woodburyana, the alfilerillo, is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Machaonia woodburyana	species
taxon rank	Hylarana laterimaculata, commonly known as the lesser swamp frog or side-spotted swamp frog, is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana laterimaculata	species
taxon rank	Narcissus obesus is a species of the genus Narcissus (Daffodils) in the family Amaryllidaceae.	Narcissus obesus	species
taxon rank	Zygophyllaceae (/ˌzaɪɡoʊfəˈleɪsieɪ, ˌzɪ-/) is a family of flowering plants that contain the bean-caper and caltrop.	Zygophyllaceae	family
taxon rank	Spinoblesthis acuta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinoblesthis.	Spinoblesthis acuta	species
taxon rank	Asclepias quadrifolia is a species of milkweed commonly called fourleaf milkweed or whorled milkweed.	Asclepias quadrifolia	species
taxon rank	Euthyastus binotatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Euthyastus.	Euthyastus binotatus	species
taxon rank	Rubus parvifolius, called Japanese bramble, or Australian raspberry in the United States or native raspberry in Australia is a species of plants in the rose family.	Rubus parvifolius	species
taxon rank	Lepetodriloidea is a superfamily of small to large sea snails, hydrothermal vent limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.	Lepetodriloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	A phylogenetic study based on the nuclear ribosomal DNA region 5S NTS and the chloroplast region trnL-trnF, two commonly used gene regions for determining relationships, suggested that Commelina virginica is most closely related to two African species, namely Commelina capitata and Commelina congesta.	Commelina virginica	species
taxon rank	Psaltoda pictibasis, commonly known as the black friday, is a species of cicada native to Queensland and northeastern New South Wales in eastern Australia.	Psaltoda pictibasis	species
taxon rank	Leaffishes are small freshwater fishes of the Polycentridae family, from South America.	Polycentridae	family
taxon rank	Apteromantis bolivari is a species of praying mantis found in Algeria, Morocco, and Portugal.	Apteromantis bolivari	species
taxon rank	Thorectes hispanus is a species of beetle in the Geotrupidae family.	Thorectes hispanus	species
taxon rank	Although Hymenoscyphus albidus is ``morphologically virtually identical'' to Hymenoscyphus fraxineus, there are substantial genetic differences between the two species.	Hymenoscyphus albidus	species
taxon rank	Fraxinus dubia is a plant species native to Mexico and Central America.	Fraxinus dubia	species
taxon rank	Encephalartos manikensis is a species of cycad that is native to Mozambique and Zimbabwe.	Encephalartos manikensis	species
taxon rank	Titaniloricus inexpectatovus is a species of the genus of marine organisms of the phylum Titaniloricus Loricifera described by G. Gad in 2005.	Titaniloricus inexpectatovus	species
taxon rank	Shorea longiflora is a species of tropical lowland rainforest tree in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea longiflora	species
taxon rank	Anthidium cordiforme is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae, the leaf-cutter, carder, or mason bees.	Anthidium cordiforme	species
taxon rank	Cymothoa elegans is a species of parasitic isopod in the genus Cymothoa.	Cymothoa elegans	species
taxon rank	Hylaeamys yunganus, also known as the Amazonian oryzomys or Yungas rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Hylaeamys of family Cricetidae.	Hylaeamys yunganus	species
taxon rank	Coquena is a genus of small-headed fly currently containing a single species:	Coquena	genus
taxon rank	The Warsangli linnet (Linaria johannis) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family.	Warsangli linnet	species
taxon rank	Paronychodon (meaning ``beside claw tooth'') was a theropod dinosaur genus.	Paronychodon	genus
taxon rank	Gastroplakaeis rubroanalis is a moth species in the family of Lasiocampidae found in Cameroon and Gabon.	Gastroplakaeis rubroanalis	species
taxon rank	Takifugu vermicularis, the Purple puffer, is a species of pufferfish native to the northwest Pacific Ocean where it occurs in the waters around China, Taiwan, the Republic of Korea and Japan.	Takifugu vermicularis	species
taxon rank	The whistlers, shrike-thrushes and pitohuis are the c. 50 species of birds from the subfamily Pachycephalinae.	Pachycephalinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Wiseana cervinata, known commonly as the porina moth, is a species of moth belonging to the family Hepialidae.	Wiseana cervinata	species
taxon rank	Hakea ochroptera is a species of shrub that is native to eastern Australia.	Hakea ochroptera	species
taxon rank	Ledebouria floribunda is a flowering plant species in the genus Ledebouria found in Africa.	Ledebouria floribunda	species
taxon rank	Graphium mendana is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae, that is found in Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.	Graphium mendana	species
taxon rank	Bothriceps is an extinct genus of stereospondyl temnospondyl.	Bothriceps	genus
taxon rank	Protorothyrididae is an extinct family of small, lizard-like reptiles.	Protorothyrididae	family
taxon rank	Melanostoma mellinum, is a very common species of hoverfly found in many parts of Britain, Europe, North Africa, Asia and North America.	Melanostoma mellinum	species
taxon rank	Stellaria umbellata is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names umbrella starwort and umbellate starwort.	Stellaria umbellata	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma swinneni is a species of marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma swinneni	species
taxon rank	Lanice conchilega, commonly known as the sand mason worm, is a species of burrowing marine polychaete worm.	Lanice conchilega	species
taxon rank	The petroleum fly, Helaeomyia petrolei, is a species of fly from California, USA.	Helaeomyia petrolei	species
taxon rank	Chamaescilla corymbosa, commonly known as blue stars, blue squill or mudrurt, is a tuberous perennial herb species in the genus Chamaescilla.	Chamaescilla corymbosa	species
taxon rank	Parapontoporia is an extinct genus of dolphin that lived off the Californian coast from the Late Miocene until the genus' extinction during the Pliocene.	Parapontoporia	genus
taxon rank	Bacillus coagulans is a lactic acid-forming bacterial species within the genus Bacillus.	Bacillus coagulans	species
taxon rank	Kestratherina is a genus of silversides endemic to the eastern Indian Ocean off of southern Australia.	Kestratherina	genus
taxon rank	Sormea orbignyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sormea.	Sormea orbignyi	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma gemmulatum, common name the western gem top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma gemmulatum	species
taxon rank	Praealticus triangulus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Indian ocean, around the Andaman Islands.	Praealticus triangulus	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron schlippenbachii, the royal azalea, is a species of Rhododendron native to the Korean Peninsula and adjacent regions of Manchuria (Liaoning, Nei Mongol), Japan, and the Russian Far East.	Rhododendron schlippenbachii	species
taxon rank	Soliva sessilis, one of up to nine species of the genus Soliva, is a low-growing herbaceous annual plant.	Soliva sessilis	species
taxon rank	Ixora beckleri, commonly known as brown coffeewood, is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Ixora beckleri	species
taxon rank	Tachyancistrocerus is an indomalayan, afrotropical and palearctic genus of potter wasps.	Tachyancistrocerus	genus
taxon rank	Dibrachicystis is an extinct genus of rhombiferan echinoderm from the early Middle Cambrian (Cambrian Series 3, Stage 5, about 510 Ma).	Dibrachicystis	genus
taxon rank	Halaelurus maculosus, commonly known as the Indonesian Speckled Catshark in Australia, is a species of catshark in the genus Halaelurus.	Halaelurus maculosus	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron minus, the Piedmont rhododendron, is a rhododendron species native to Tennessee, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama.	Rhododendron minus	species
taxon rank	Rudbeckia californica is a species of flowering plant in the Sunflower or Aster Family (Asteraceae), known by the common name California coneflower.	Rudbeckia californica	species
taxon rank	Liarea turriculata waipoua is a subspecies of small land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the subfamily Liareinae of the family Pupinidae within the superfamily Cyclophoroidea.	Liarea turriculata waipoua	subspecies
taxon rank	Discoglossus scovazzi (common name: Moroccan painted frog, in French discoglosse peint or discoglosse à ventre blanc) is a species of frog in the Alytidae family.	Discoglossus scovazzi	species
taxon rank	Frullania asagrayana is a reddish-brown species of liverwort in the Jubulaceae family that grows in eastern North America.	Frullania asagrayana	species
taxon rank	The Phlaeothripinae are a subfamily of thrips, with hundreds of genera.	Phlaeothripinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Acromantis australis, common name island mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Australia, the Aru Islands, New Guinea, and Roon.	Acromantis australis	species
taxon rank	Pseudotocinclus parahybae is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil, where it is known only from the type locality, a tributary of the ribeirão Grande, rio Paraíba do Sul basin.	Pseudotocinclus parahybae	species
taxon rank	Eporeodon is an extinct genus of oreodont belonging to the subfamily Eporeodontinae during the Oligocene epoch (33.3--20.6 mya) existing for approximately 12.7 million years.	Eporeodon	genus
taxon rank	Iris purdyi is a species of iris known by the common name Purdy's iris, named after Carl Purdy.	Iris purdyi	species
taxon rank	Boletellus russellii, commonly known as Russell's bolete, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Boletellus russellii	species
taxon rank	Macrancylus linearis is a species of terrestrial beetle in family Curculionidae.	Macrancylus linearis	species
taxon rank	Gomophia egyptiaca (Egyptian sea star) is a species of sea star from Ophidiasteridae family .	Gomophia egyptiaca	species
taxon rank	Thyrsanthella difformis, the climbing dogbane, is a species of flowering plant in the dogbane family.	Thyrsanthella difformis	species
taxon rank	Perrottetia excelsa is a species of plant in the plant order Huerteales.	Perrottetia excelsa	species
taxon rank	Photoblepharon is a genus of flashlight fishes found around reefs in the western Pacific Ocean (P. palpebratum) and in the western Indian Ocean (P. steinitzi).	Photoblepharon	genus
taxon rank	Neofusicoccum australe is a fungus species in the genus Neofusicoccum.	Neofusicoccum australe	species
taxon rank	Pinus rzedowskii, commonly known as Rzedowski's pine, is a species of conifer in the pine family, Pinaceae.	Pinus rzedowskii	species
taxon rank	Camarasaurus (/ˌkæmərəˈsɔːrəs/ KAM-ə-rə-SAWR-əs) was a genus of quadrupedal, herbivorous dinosaurs.	Camarasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Stenammini is a tribe of Myrmicine ants with 6 genera and 1 fossil genus.	Stenammini	tribe
taxon rank	Leptictis is an extinct genus of mammal.	Leptictis	genus
taxon rank	Burnupena catarrhacta, common name the flame-patterned burnupena, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Burnupena catarrhacta	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Euprora argentiliniella, which is found in the southern parts of the United States, including Texas and Florida.	Euprora	species
taxon rank	Juniperella mirabilis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Juniperella.	Juniperella	species
taxon rank	Precis archesia, the garden inspector or garden commodore, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family, native to Subsaharan Africa.	Precis archesia	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus boreellus is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in Finland, Norway, Sweden, and Central Russia.	Orthotylus boreellus	species
taxon rank	Polychidium is a lichenized genus of fungi within the Placynthiaceae family.	Polychidium	genus
taxon rank	Lepidostomatidae is a family in the order Trichoptera.	Lepidostomatidae	family
taxon rank	Cryptosaurus was the same year named by British paleontologist Harry Seeley; the type species is Cryptosaurus eumerus.	Cryptosaurus	species
taxon rank	Miltoniopsis vexillaria (``the flag-like Miltoniopsis'') is a species of epiphytic orchid in the genus Miltoniopsis.	Miltoniopsis vexillaria	species
taxon rank	Zephyrichthys barryi is a species of viviparous brotula found in the Indian Ocean waters around western Australia.	Zephyrichthys barryi	species
taxon rank	Parkia korom is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to the Federated States of Micronesia.	Parkia korom	species
taxon rank	Nephelomys devius, also known as the Talamancan oryzomys, Boquete rice rat, Chiriqui rice rat, or montane rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Nephelomys of family Cricetidae.	Nephelomys devius	species
taxon rank	Orthocarpus luteus is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family known by the common name yellow owl's-clover.	Orthocarpus luteus	species
taxon rank	Haemulon vittatum, the Boga, is an ocean-going species of grunt native to the western Atlantic Ocean.	Haemulon vittatum	species
taxon rank	Macrolepiota mastoidea is a European species of edible mushroom.	Macrolepiota mastoidea	species
taxon rank	Parabothus is a genus of small lefteye flounders native to the Indian and Pacific Oceans, where mainly found in deep water.	Parabothus	genus
taxon rank	Cleistesiopsis oricamporum, called the small Coastal Plain spreading pogonia, is a terrestrial species of orchid native to the southeastern United States from Louisiana to North Carolina.	Cleistesiopsis oricamporum	species
taxon rank	Scarabeiformia is an infraorder of beetle (coleoptera).	Scarabeiformia	infraorder
taxon rank	It contains the single species Gaudeator paidicus, which is found in Panama.	Gaudeator	species
taxon rank	Canavalia is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family (Fabaceae) and comprises approximately 48 to 50 species of tropical vines.	Canavalia	genus
taxon rank	Schoenolirion croceum, known by the common names yellow sunnybell, sunnybells and swamp candle, is a species of flowering plant in the Agave subfamily.	Schoenolirion croceum	species
taxon rank	Igdabatis is a prehistoric genus of ray whose fossils are found in rocks dating from the Maastrichtian stage.	Igdabatis	genus
taxon rank	Psittacotherium is an extinct genus of taeniodont from the Paleocene of North America.	Psittacotherium	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus bicristatus is a species of milkvetch known by the common names crested milkvetch and two-crested milkvetch.	Astragalus bicristatus	species
taxon rank	Lasianthus tomentosus is a species of plant in the flowering plant family Rubiaceae.	Lasianthus tomentosus	species
taxon rank	Encrinuraspis is an extinct genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida.	Encrinuraspis	genus
taxon rank	Haminoea zelandiae, common name the white bubble shell, is a species of medium-sized sea snail or bubble snail, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusc in the family Haminoeidae, the bubble snails.	Haminoea zelandiae	species
taxon rank	Neoboletus venenatus, known until 2015 as Boletus venenatus, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to Japan and China.	Neoboletus venenatus	species
taxon rank	Debaryomyces hansenii is a species of yeast in the family Saccharomycetaceae.	Debaryomyces hansenii	species
taxon rank	Ozothamnus expansifolius is a species of Ozothamnus.	Ozothamnus expansifolius	species
taxon rank	Cyptotrama asprata (alternatively spelled aspratum), commonly known as the golden-scruffy collybia, is a saprobic species of mushroom in the family Physalacriaceae.	Cyptotrama asprata	species
taxon rank	Otidea mirabilis is a species of fungus in the Pyronemataceae family.	Otidea mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Angelica arguta is a species of angelica known as Lyall's angelica.	Angelica arguta	species
taxon rank	Attatha ino is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.	Attatha ino	species
taxon rank	Hockey (1982) showed that the Canary Islands oystercatcher was a full species distinct from the African oystercatcher Haematopus moquini, of which it was formerly considered a subspecies; these two were occasionally lumped as subspecies of the Eurasian oystercatcher.	Canary Islands oystercatcher	species
taxon rank	Corinnidae is a family of araneomorph spiders, sometimes called corinnid sac spiders.	Corinnidae	family
taxon rank	Candida zemplinina is a yeast species that is osmotolerant, psychrotolerant and ferments sweet botrytized wines.	Candida zemplinina	species
taxon rank	Trapeziophora gemmula is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Trapeziophora.	Trapeziophora gemmula	species
taxon rank	Dimorphotheca pluvialis, common names weather prophet, Cape rain-daisy, ox-eye daisy, Cape daisy or rain daisy, is a plant species native to South Africa and Namibia.	Dimorphotheca pluvialis	species
taxon rank	Penthophera lutea is an owlet moth species.	Penthophera lutea	species
taxon rank	Tengchiena euroxestus is a species of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Tengchiena euroxestus	species
taxon rank	Morinda trimera, known as noni kuahiwi is a species of flowering tree in the coffee family, Rubiaceae, that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.	Morinda trimera	species
taxon rank	Turriviridae is a family of viruses; it contains only one genus, Alphaturrivirus.	Turriviridae	family
taxon rank	Benthomangelia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae.	Benthomangelia	genus
taxon rank	Phreatobius cisternarum is a species of catfish in the genus Phreatobius.	Phreatobius cisternarum	species
taxon rank	Pristobrycon is a genus of piranhas from the Orinoco and Amazon Basins, as well as rivers in the Guianas.	Pristobrycon	genus
taxon rank	Moraxella osloensis is a species of Gram-negative oxidase positive, aerobic bacteria within the family Moraxellaceae in the gamma subdivision of the purple bacteria.	Moraxella osloensis	species
taxon rank	Steganomus nodicornis is a species of bees in the genus Steganomus, of the family Halictidae.	Steganomus nodicornis	species
taxon rank	Escallonia is a genus of 40 to 50 species of flowering plants of the Escalloniaceae family.	Escallonia	genus
taxon rank	Pritchardia kaalae, also known as Waianae Range pritchardia or loulu palm, is a species of palm tree that is endemic to the western part of the island of Oʻahu in Hawaiʻi.	Pritchardia kaalae	species
taxon rank	Aegialomys galapagoensis, also known as the Galápagos rice rat or Galápagos oryzomys, is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae from the Galápagos Islands.	Aegialomys galapagoensis	species
taxon rank	Stichonodon insignis is a species of characin endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the Amazon Basin.	Stichonodon insignis	species
taxon rank	Ceratobregma helenae, known commonly as the Helen's triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny.	Ceratobregma helenae	species
taxon rank	Cyllene desnoyersi is a fossil species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Cyllene desnoyersi	species
taxon rank	Limulus is a genus of horseshoe crab, with one extant species, the Atlantic horseshoe crab L. polyphemus.	Limulus	genus
taxon rank	Monochamus is a genus of longhorn beetles found throughout the world.	Monochamus	genus
taxon rank	Augosoma is a genus of rhinoceros beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.	Augosoma	genus
taxon rank	Spinosomatidia obesa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinosomatidia.	Spinosomatidia obesa	species
taxon rank	Stasimopus schoenlandi is a species of ctenizid trapdoor spider from South Africa.	Stasimopus schoenlandi	species
taxon rank	Alpinacris tumidicauda is a species of grasshopper only known from Otago and Southland, New Zealand.	Alpinacris tumidicauda	species
taxon rank	Sphingomonadaceae are a family of the Alphaproteobacteria.	Sphingomonadaceae	family
taxon rank	Koelreuteria bipinnata, also known as (Chinese flame tree, Chinese golden rain tree, Bougainvillea golden-rain tree``) is a species of Koelreuteria native to Asia, particularly to China.	Koelreuteria bipinnata	species
taxon rank	Polypedates mutus (common names: northern treefrog, Burmese whipping frog, and vocal sacless treefrog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Polypedates mutus	species
taxon rank	Urmenetea is a genus of South American plants in the mutisia tribe within the daisy family.	Urmenetea	genus
taxon rank	Amolops longimanus is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is found in Myanmar and possibly China.	Amolops longimanus	species
taxon rank	Tetrapus americanus is a species of fig wasp which is native to South and Central America.	Tetrapus americanus	species
taxon rank	Paradiallus ochreostictus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paradiallus.	Paradiallus ochreostictus	species
taxon rank	Piperia colemanii is a rare species of orchid known by the common names Coleman's piperia and Coleman's rein orchid.	Piperia colemanii	species
taxon rank	Ischnophygas telephoroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ischnophygas.	Ischnophygas telephoroides	species
taxon rank	†Carelia lirata was a species of small, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Amastridae and superfamily Cochlicopoidea.	Carelia lirata	species
taxon rank	Neoachryson castaneum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Neoachryson.	Neoachryson	species
taxon rank	Dinotopterus cunningtoni is a species of catfish in the Clariidae family.	Dinotopterus cunningtoni	species
taxon rank	Nemateleotris helfrichi, Helfrich's Dartfish, is a species of dartfish native to the Pacific Ocean.	Nemateleotris helfrichi	species
taxon rank	Pichia pastoris is a species of methylotrophic yeast.	Pichia pastoris	species
taxon rank	The Cucujidae, ``flat bark beetles,'' are a family of distinctively flat beetles found worldwide (except Africa and Antarctica) under the bark of dead trees.	Cucujidae	family
taxon rank	Zacompsia metallica is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Zacompsia of the family Ulidiidae.	Zacompsia metallica	species
taxon rank	Uralerpeton is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian (upper Tatarian age) deposits of Vladimir Region, European Russia.	Uralerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon neotericus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Plumas County beardtongue.	Penstemon neotericus	species
taxon rank	The Gonatidae, also known as armhook squid, are a family of moderately sized squid.	Gonatidae	family
taxon rank	Deuterocohnia brevispicata is a species in the genus Deuterocohnia.	Deuterocohnia brevispicata	species
taxon rank	Hupodonta pulcherrima is a species of moth of the Notodontidae family.	Hupodonta pulcherrima	species
taxon rank	Lycochloa is a genus of Lebanese plants in the grass family.	Lycochloa	genus
taxon rank	Cetarthrosaurus is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur known from the eastern United Kingdom.	Cetarthrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The genus Poicephalus comprises nine species of parrots native to various regions of the Afrotropic ecozone, including Sub-Saharan Africa, ranging from Senegal in the west, Ethiopia in the east, and to South Africa in the south.	Poicephalus	genus
taxon rank	Hyophorbeae is a palm tribe in the subfamily Arecoideae.	Hyophorbeae	tribe
taxon rank	Hesperis matronalis is a herbaceous plant species in the mustard family, Brassicaceae.	Hesperis matronalis	species
taxon rank	Ophthalmotilapia ventralis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from the southern end of the lake.	Ophthalmotilapia ventralis	species
taxon rank	Pollicipes pollicipes, known as the goose neck barnacle, goose barnacle or leaf barnacle is a species of goose barnacle, also well known under the taxonomic synonym Pollicipes cornucopia.	Pollicipes pollicipes	species
taxon rank	The Chatham tomtit (Petroica macrocephala chathamensis) is a subspecies of tomtit found on some of the smaller islands of New Zealand.	Chatham tomtit	subspecies
taxon rank	The Honduran small-eared shrew (Cryptotis hondurensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Honduran small-eared shrew	species
taxon rank	Hylorina sylvatica (also known as the Emerald forest frog, or in Spanish, sapo arboreo) is a species of frog in the Batrachylidae family.	Hylorina sylvatica	species
taxon rank	Equidae (sometimes known as the horse family) is the taxonomic family of horses and related animals, including the extant horses, donkeys, and zebras, and many other species known only from fossils.	Equidae	family
taxon rank	Chuanchia labiosa is a species of cyprinid fish that is only found in the upper reaches of the Yellow River in China.	Chuanchia labiosa	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Tholurna dissimilis.	Tholurna	species
taxon rank	Gilia leptantha is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name fineflower gilia.	Gilia leptantha	species
taxon rank	The Restionaceae, also called restiads and restios, are a family of perennial, evergreen rush-like flowering plants native to the Southern Hemisphere; they vary from 10 cm to 3 m in height.	Restionaceae	family
taxon rank	Ecrobia truncata, common name the truncated marsh hydrobia or minute hydrobia, is a species of very small aquatic snail, an operculate gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Ecrobia truncata	species
taxon rank	Vitiaziella cubiceps is a species of flabby whalefish known from the Kuril-Kamchatka Trench and the South China Sea at depths of from 1,500 to 6,200 metres (4,900 to 20,300 ft).	Vitiaziella cubiceps	species
taxon rank	Disa cardinalis is a species of orchid found in South Africa (S. Cape Prov. - Riversdale).	Disa cardinalis	species
taxon rank	Hesperoyucca newberryi is a plant species endemic to Arizona.	Hesperoyucca newberryi	species
taxon rank	Phoenicocoris obscurellus is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Phylinae that is found throughout continental Europe and the British Isles, except for southeastern Europe.	Phoenicocoris obscurellus	species
taxon rank	Pustularia childreni, common name the children's cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Pustularia childreni	species
taxon rank	Myennis octopunctata is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Ulidiidae.	Myennis octopunctata	species
taxon rank	The water voles are large voles in the genus Arvicola.	Arvicola	genus
taxon rank	Discinisca is a genus of brachiopod with fossils dating back to the Early Devonian to the Pliocene of Africa, Europe, North America, and New Zealand.	Discinisca	genus
taxon rank	Larinus obtusus is a species of true weevil known as the blunt knapweed flower weevil.	Larinus obtusus	species
taxon rank	Zhylgaia is a genus of birds known only from fossils.	Zhylgaia	genus
taxon rank	Dinilysia (meaning ``terrible ilysia'') is an extinct genus of snake from the Late Cretaceous (Coniacian) of South America.	Dinilysia	genus
taxon rank	Iris uniflora is a species in the genus Iris, it is also in the subgenus of Limniris.	Iris uniflora	species
taxon rank	Flacourtia indica (syn. Flacourtia ramontchi), known commonly as ramontchi, governor's plum, batoko plum, Pachnala and Indian plum (বৈঁচি), is a species of flowering plant native to much of Africa and tropical and temperate parts of Asia.	Flacourtia indica	species
taxon rank	Verbascum virgatum, commonly known as twiggy mullein and wand mullein, is a plant species in the family Scrophulariaceae.	Verbascum virgatum	species
taxon rank	Eudibamus is an extinct genus of biped bolosaurid ankyramorph parareptile known from the Free State of Thuringia of central Germany.	Eudibamus	genus
taxon rank	Conophytum flavum is a small South African species of succulent plant of the genus Conophytum.	Conophytum flavum	species
taxon rank	Englerophytum is a group of trees in the Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1914.	Englerophytum	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium thymicola is a halotolerant species of the genus of Penicillium which produces okaramine A, daldinin D, alantrypinone, seranttrypinone, fumiquinazoline F and fumiquinazoline G.	Penicillium thymicola	species
taxon rank	Callianassidae is a family of ghost shrimp of the order Decapoda.	Callianassidae	family
taxon rank	Alopecosa accentuata is a species of wolf spider found commonly in open habitats throughout continental Europe.	Alopecosa accentuata	species
taxon rank	Tillandsia caput-medusae is a species of flowering plant in the bromeliad family, Bromeliaceae, subfamily Tillandsioideae.	Tillandsia caput-medusae	species
taxon rank	Conus iodostoma, common name the violet-mouth cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus iodostoma	species
taxon rank	Myosotella denticulata, common name the ``mouse ear snail'', is a European species of small, salt marsh snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ellobiidae.	Myosotella denticulata	species
taxon rank	Chattonella is a genus of marine raphidophytes associated with red tides.	Chattonella	genus
taxon rank	Discaria pubescens (Hairy Anchor Plant or Australian Anchor Plant) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rhamnaceae.	Discaria pubescens	species
taxon rank	Harpalus salinus is a species of ground beetle native to Europe, where it can be found in Ukraine and southern part of Russia.	Harpalus salinus	species
taxon rank	Orobanche vallicola is a species of broomrape known by the common name hillside broomrape.	Orobanche vallicola	species
taxon rank	Stigmatogobius sadanundio is a species of goby native to south Asia from India to Indonesia including Sri Lanka and the Andaman Islands.	Stigmatogobius sadanundio	species
taxon rank	Glikmanius is an extinct genus of shark which lived in the Carboniferous of North America and Russia.	Glikmanius	genus
taxon rank	Micronycteris is a genus of leaf-nosed bats.	Micronycteris	genus
taxon rank	Porcelain crabs are decapod crustaceans in the widespread family Porcellanidae, which superficially resemble true crabs.	Porcelain crab	family
taxon rank	Oreochromis is a large genus of tilapiine cichlids, fishes endemic to Africa and the Middle East.	Oreochromis	genus
taxon rank	Nostoc commune is a species of cyanobacterium in the family Nostocaceae.	Nostoc commune	species
taxon rank	Sashatherina giganteus is a species of freshwater silverside endemic to Lake Lakama in West Papua, Indonesia.	Sashatherina giganteus	species
taxon rank	Hydriastele is a diverse and widespread genus of flowering plant in the palm family found throughout Australia and New Zealand, Melanesia, Polynesia, and Southeast Asia.	Hydriastele	genus
taxon rank	Anematichthys armatus is a species of freshwater cyprinid native to Southeast Asia.	Anematichthys armatus	species
taxon rank	Xenopoma is a genus of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiidae.	Xenopoma	genus
taxon rank	Acropora acuminata is a species of acroporid coral found in Australia, the Red Sea, the central Indo-Pacific, Japan, the northern Indian Ocean, the East China Sea, southeast Asia, and the western Pacific Ocean.	Acropora acuminata	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus auricomus, known as goldilocks buttercup or Greeenland buttercup, is a perennial species of buttercup native to Eurasia.	Ranunculus auricomus	species
taxon rank	The bird genus Balearica (also called the crowned cranes) contains two extant species in the crane family Gruidae: the black crowned crane (B. pavonina) and the grey crowned crane (B. regulorum).	Balearica	genus
taxon rank	Hagenomyia is a genus of antlions (Myrmeleontidae) containing around 20 species occurring in Eastern Asia, tropical Africa, and Australia.	Hagenomyia	genus
taxon rank	Pardosa pseudostrigillata is a wolf spider species in the genus Pardosa found in Austria, Italy and Slovenia.	Pardosa pseudostrigillata	species
taxon rank	Bolma henica, common name the deep sea star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Bolma henica	species
taxon rank	Quesnelia testudo (tess-too'do) is a species of bromeliad in the genus Quesnelia.	Quesnelia testudo	species
taxon rank	Neotyphodium chilense is a species of fungus in the Clavicipitaceae family.	Neotyphodium chilense	species
taxon rank	Euphyes berryi, known as Berry's skipper, is a rare species of butterfly of the Hesperiidae family, historically found in wet areas from North Carolina to Florida.	Euphyes berryi	species
taxon rank	Cryptocentrum is a neotropical genus of orchid that grows as far north as Nicaragua and south to Bolivia, with twenty species known to date.	Cryptocentrum	genus
taxon rank	Petrorhagia dubia is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name hairy pink.	Petrorhagia dubia	species
taxon rank	Annachlamys flabellata is a species of scallop, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.	Annachlamys flabellata	species
taxon rank	Rossiinae is a subfamily of bobtail squid encompassing four genera and around twenty species.	Rossiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Apachyidae is a small family of earwigs, in the suborder Forficulina and the order Dermaptera.	Apachyidae	family
taxon rank	Bloomeria clevelandii is a rare species of flowering plant that is known by the common name San Diego goldenstar.	Bloomeria clevelandii	species
taxon rank	Montia howellii is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names Howell's miner's lettuce and Howell's montia.	Montia howellii	species
taxon rank	Cyttomimus is a genus of zeniontid fishes native to the Pacific Ocean.	Cyttomimus	genus
taxon rank	Notogomphus maathaiae, commonly known as Maathai's longleg, is a species of dragonfly in the clubtail family Gomphidae.	Notogomphus maathaiae	species
taxon rank	Hemiemblemaria simulus, the Wrasse blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean.	Hemiemblemaria simulus	species
taxon rank	Lythrum californicum is a species of flowering plant in the loosestrife family known by the common name California loosestrife.	Lythrum californicum	species
taxon rank	The Antarctic petrel is the only known species in the genus Thalassoica, and is a member of the Procellariidae family, and the Procellariiformes order.	Antarctic petrel	species
taxon rank	Arion intermedius is a species of land slug in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.	Arion intermedius	species
taxon rank	Hemichromis frempongi is a species of fish in the cichlid family.	Hemichromis frempongi	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus maritimus, with the common name maritime ceanothus, is a species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae.	Ceanothus maritimus	species
taxon rank	Tachypleus tridentatus, commonly known as the Chinese, Japanese or tri-spine horseshoe crab, is a species of horseshoe crab found in the seas off China, Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan, and Vietnam.	Tachypleus tridentatus	species
taxon rank	Selenicereus hamatus is a species of Cactaceae and produce one of the largest flowers in the family.	Selenicereus hamatus	species
taxon rank	Species There is only one known species, Welwitschiella neriifolia, native to Angola, Zaïre, and Zambia.	Welwitschiella	species
taxon rank	Metanephrops challengeri (commonly known as the New Zealand lobster or New Zealand scampi) is a species of slim, pink lobster that lives around the coast of New Zealand.	Metanephrops challengeri	species
taxon rank	Pseudomugil gertrudae, commonly known as the spotted blue-eye, is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae.	Pseudomugil gertrudae	species
taxon rank	Acanthoibidion chevrolatii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Acanthoibidion.	Acanthoibidion chevrolatii	species
taxon rank	Hydrangea integrifolia is a species of Hydrangea, native to Taiwan and the Philippines at elevations above 8,000 ft. (2,400 m.).	Hydrangea integrifolia	species
taxon rank	Geophis is a genus of colubrid snakes that belong to the Xenodontinae subfamily and are typically referred to as Latin American earth snakes (Spanish: culebra minera or culebra minadora).	Geophis	genus
taxon rank	Athous caviformis is a species of brown-coloured click beetle from Elateridae family which can be found in Hungary, Croatia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Athous caviformis	species
taxon rank	Ctenocephalides is a flea genus in the tribe Archaeopsyllini.	Ctenocephalides	genus
taxon rank	Clavaria is a genus of fungi in the family Clavariaceae.	Clavaria	genus
taxon rank	Brumus is a genus of beetle of the Coccinellidae family.	Brumus	genus
taxon rank	Escobaria minima (syn. Coryphantha minima) is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Nellie cory cactus, Nellie's pincushion cactus, birdfoot cactus, and others.	Escobaria minima	species
taxon rank	Carparachne is a genus of huntsman spiders found in Namibia.	Carparachne	genus
taxon rank	Carpolestes simpsoni is an extinct species of Plesiadapiformes, which is one of the earliest primate-like mammals appearing in the fossil record during the late Paleocene.	Carpolestes simpsoni	species
taxon rank	Euryxaenapta rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Euryxaenapta.	Euryxaenapta rondoni	species
taxon rank	Oryza sativa, commonly known as Asian rice, is the plant species most commonly referred to in English as rice.	Oryza sativa	species
taxon rank	Anadara is a genus of saltwater bivalves, ark clams, in the family Arcidae.	Anadara	genus
taxon rank	†Harmogenanina linophora was a species of air-breathing land snails or semislugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.	Harmogenanina linophora	species
taxon rank	The genus Albionbaatar was named by Kielan-Jaworowska Z. and Ensom P.C. in 1994 based on a single species.	Albionbaatar	species
taxon rank	Linaria purpurea is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name purple toadflax.	Linaria purpurea	species
taxon rank	Drechslera is a genus of fungi.	Drechslera	genus
taxon rank	Centrodoras brachiatus is a species of thorny catfish found in the Amazon basin of Brazil, Colombia and Peru.	Centrodoras brachiatus	species
taxon rank	Janthina exigua, also known as the dwarf janthina, is a species of small holoplanktonic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Janthinidae, the violet snails or purple storm snails.	Janthina exigua	species
taxon rank	Solen marginatus, common name Grooved Razor Shell, is a species of marine bivalves in the family Solenidae.	Solen marginatus	species
taxon rank	Vegetia ducalis, the ducal princeling, is a species of moth in the family Saturniidae.	Vegetia ducalis	species
taxon rank	Ficedula beijingnica is a species of flycatcher observed in China.	Ficedula beijingnica	species
taxon rank	Zetela alphonsi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae, the top snails.	Zetela alphonsi	species
taxon rank	Margarites giganteus, common name the giant margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites giganteus	species
taxon rank	Prestoea is a genus of palms native to the Caribbean, Central and South America.	Prestoea	genus
taxon rank	Birulia kishinouyei is a shrimp species in the genus Birulia.	Birulia kishinouyei	species
taxon rank	Senna domingensis is a flowering plant species in the legume family (Fabaceae).	Senna domingensis	species
taxon rank	Montia chamissoi is a species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names of water minerslettuce, water montia, Indian lettuce, and toad lily.	Montia chamissoi	species
taxon rank	Chrysanthemum morifolium (also known as Florist's daisy and Hardy garden mum) is a species of perennial plant from Asteraceae family.	Chrysanthemum morifolium	species
taxon rank	Primula sikkimensis (Himalayan cowslip, Sikkim cowslip, Chinese: 鍾花報春; pinyin: zhōng huā bàochūn) is a species of flowering plant in the family Primulaceae, native to the Himalayan region at altitudes of 3,200--4,400 m (10,499--14,436 ft), from western Nepal to south west China.	Primula sikkimensis	species
taxon rank	Uraspis uraspis is a species of jack in the family Carangidae.	Uraspis uraspis	species
taxon rank	Harttia novalimensis is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Das Velhas River basin.	Harttia novalimensis	species
taxon rank	Macaranga gigantea is a pioneer tree species.	Macaranga gigantea	species
taxon rank	Galium bermudense, the Bermuda bedstraw, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Galium bermudense	species
taxon rank	Psathyrophlyctis is a genus of fungi in the order Ostropales.	Psathyrophlyctis	genus
taxon rank	Pelagosaurus (meaning ``lizard of the open sea'') is an extinct genus of thalattosuchian crocodyliform that lived during the Toarcian stage of the Lower Jurassic, around 183 Ma to 175 Ma (million years ago), in shallow epicontinental seas that covered much of what is now Western Europe.	Pelagosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Ampelocissus elegans is a species in the genus Ampelocissus.	Ampelocissus elegans	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces anandii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from in the region of Al-Taif in Saudi Arabia.	Streptomyces anandii	species
taxon rank	Dypsis humilis is a rare species of stemless palm that was discovered in Madagascar in 2007 by a collaboration between botanists from Madagascar and Royal Botanical Gardens, Kew.	Dypsis humilis	species
taxon rank	Microcavia (mountain cavies) is a genus of rodents in the family Caviidae.	Microcavia	genus
taxon rank	Periptychidae is a family of Paleocene placental mammals, known definitively only from North America.	Periptychidae	family
taxon rank	Priolepis aureoviridis, the Yellow-green goby, is a species of goby native to the central Pacific Ocean where it is known to occur in Micronesia, Johnston Atoll and the Hawaiian Islands.	Priolepis aureoviridis	species
taxon rank	Heteronyx queenlandicus is a beetle species that was first described in 1909.	Heteronyx queenlandicus	species
taxon rank	Heterophotus ophistoma, the Wingfin snaggletooth, is a species of barbeled dragonfish found in oceans world wide at depths of 790 to 1,420 metres (2,590 to 4,660 ft).	Heterophotus ophistoma	species
taxon rank	Maubeugia is a genus of traversodontid cynodont from the Late Triassic of France.	Maubeugia	genus
taxon rank	The priapum fishes are a family, Phallostethidae, of atheriniform fish native to freshwater and brackish habitats in southeast Asia.	Phallostethidae	family
taxon rank	Flufftails (genus Sarothrura) are small birds related to rails and finfoots.	Flufftail	genus
taxon rank	Dolichoderus brevipennis is an extinct species of ant in the genus Dolichoderus.	Dolichoderus brevipennis	species
taxon rank	Mahonia monyulensis is a shrub in the Berberidaceae first described as a species in 1961.	Mahonia monyulensis	species
taxon rank	Oeceoclades, collectively known as the monk orchids, is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Oeceoclades	genus
taxon rank	Oenothera primiveris is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name desert evening primrose.	Oenothera primiveris	species
taxon rank	Psammathodoxa cochlidioides is a species of moth in the family Erebidae.	Psammathodoxa cochlidioides	species
taxon rank	Helianthus deserticola, the desert sunflower, is a plant species native to Arizona, Nevada and Utah.	Helianthus deserticola	species
taxon rank	Stylidium perplexum is a species of triggerplant that is endemic to south-west Western Australia.	Stylidium perplexum	species
taxon rank	Carabus trichothorax is a species of black-coloured ground beetle in the Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Sichuan, China.	Carabus trichothorax	species
taxon rank	Panulirus is a genus of spiny lobsters in the family Palinuridae, including those species which have long flagella on their first antennae.	Panulirus	genus
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus costulatus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae found in Malaysia (peninsular Malaysia and Sarawak) and Indonesia (Sumatra and Kalimantan).	Dipterocarpus costulatus	species
taxon rank	Tarascosaurus (``Tarasque lizard'') is a genus of, perhaps abelisaurid, theropod dinosaur from Late Cretaceous of France.	Tarascosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Raorchestes ochlandrae (Ochlandrae reed frog) is a species of shrub frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Raorchestes ochlandrae	species
taxon rank	Sericornis is a genus of small, mainly insectivorous, birds, the scrubwrens.	Sericornis	genus
taxon rank	The Lacertidae are the family of the wall lizards, true lizards, or sometimes simply lacertas, which are native to Europe, Africa, and Asia.	Lacertidae	family
taxon rank	Megacephala cruciata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Brulle in 1837.	Megacephala cruciata	species
taxon rank	Chaenodraco wilsoni, the Spiny Icefish, is a species of crocodile icefish native to the Southern Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 200 to 800 metres (660 to 2,620 ft).	Chaenodraco wilsoni	species
taxon rank	Carabus smaragdinus is a species of beetle belonging to the family Carabidae.	Carabus smaragdinus	species
taxon rank	Plectronocerida is a primitive order from which subsequent cephalopod orders are ultimately derived.	Plectronocerida	order
taxon rank	Tropheus is a small genus of six species of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.	Tropheus	genus
taxon rank	Prionosciadium watsonii is a plant species known from the Mexican states of Durango and Sinaloa.	Prionosciadium watsonii	species
taxon rank	Schizothorax is a genus of cyprinid fish from Central and East Asia.	Schizothorax	genus
taxon rank	Acanthotretella is a genus of brachiopod known from the Burgess Shale.	Acanthotretella	genus
taxon rank	Stephopoma roseum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Siliquariidae, the slit worm snails.	Stephopoma roseum	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces guanduensis is a acidophilic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyceswhich has been isolated from pine forest soil from Guandu in the Yunnan Province in China.	Streptomyces guanduensis	species
taxon rank	Gyrineum pusillum, common name the purple gyron triton, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae, the triton snails, triton shells or tritons.	Gyrineum pusillum	species
taxon rank	Desmos zeylanicus is a plant species in the plant family Annonaceae within the genus Desmos..	Desmos zeylanicus	species
taxon rank	Aloysia citrodora is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family Verbenaceae, native to western South America.	Aloysia citrodora	species
taxon rank	Colostethus jacobuspetersi, commonly known as Quito Rocket Frog, is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Colostethus jacobuspetersi	species
taxon rank	However, Bacillus oleronius has Gram-positive cell wall components shared among all bacillus species (Lacey N, 2007).	Bacillus oleronius	species
taxon rank	Mimosa verrucosa, jurema-branca (``white jurema'') or jurema-de-oeiras is a species of legume in the common bean family, Fabaceae, and in the subfamily and genus of Mimosa pudica, the touch me not.	Mimosa verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Dicrastylis is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae, first described in 1855.	Dicrastylis	genus
taxon rank	Moratia cerifera is a species of palm tree endemic to New Caledonia, and the only species in the genus Moratia.	Moratia	species
taxon rank	Typhlocaris ayyaloni is a species of troglobitic shrimp in the family Typhlocarididae.	Typhlocaris ayyaloni	species
taxon rank	Atherinops affinis, the topsmelt silverside or simply topsmelt, is a species of Neotropical silverside native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Atherinops affinis	species
taxon rank	Erythrolamprus ocellatus, commonly known as the Tobago false coral, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to the island of Tobago (in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago).	Erythrolamprus ocellatus	species
taxon rank	Gwyneddosaurus is an extinct genus of aquatic tanystropheid reptile.	Gwyneddosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Oedipina maritima (common name: maritime worm salamander) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Oedipina maritima	species
taxon rank	The New Zealand pea crab lives most commonly in green-lipped mussels (Perna canaliculus), but can also be found in many other bivalve molluscs including the blue mussel (Mytilus edulis aoteanus), the Pacific oyster (Crassostrea gigas) and a species of clam (Chione stutchburyi).	New Zealand pea crab	species
taxon rank	Neblinichthys pilosus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the upper Negro, Casiquiare and Baria River basins.	Neblinichthys pilosus	species
taxon rank	Calibanus is a genus of two species of flowering plants, both evergreen succulents from dry areas of northeastern Mexico.	Calibanus	genus
taxon rank	†Zygitidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Zygitidae	family
taxon rank	Haliotis squamosa, common name the squamose abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis squamosa	species
taxon rank	Edgarosaurus is a genus of polycotylid plesiosaur, containing one species, E. muddi.	Edgarosaurus	species
taxon rank	Carabus obsoletus is a species of black-coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Czech Republic, Hungary, Moldova, Romania, Slovakia, Ukraine.	Carabus obsoletus	species
taxon rank	Polyonychus is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the jewel beetles.	Polyonychus	genus
taxon rank	Haplochromis dichrourus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Victoria, but has not been seen since 1986.	Haplochromis dichrourus	species
taxon rank	Epilobium obcordatum is a species of perennial plant in the primrose family (Onagraceae), known by the common name rockfringe willowherb and rock fringe.	Epilobium obcordatum	species
taxon rank	Eremothera refracta is a species of evening primrose known by the common name narrowleaf suncup.	Eremothera refracta	species
taxon rank	Batheulima abbreviata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the genus Batheulima, a minor genus within the family Eulimidae.	Batheulima abbreviata	species
taxon rank	Cheilopogon pinnatibarbatus japonicus, is a subspecies of flyingfish of the family Exocoetidae, found in the seas around Japan.	Cheilopogon pinnatibarbatus japonicus	subspecies
taxon rank	Polymastiidae is a family of demosponges found in oceans throughout the world.	Polymastiidae	family
taxon rank	Nassella cernua (syn. Stipa cernua) is a species of grass known by the common name nodding needlegrass.	Nassella cernua	species
taxon rank	Dermophis parviceps is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family found in Costa Rica and Panama.	Dermophis parviceps	species
taxon rank	Metynnis argenteus is a species of serrasalmid endemic to the Tapajós River Basin in Brazil.	Metynnis argenteus	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos refugioensis is a species of manzanita, known by the common name Refugio manzanita.	Arctostaphylos refugioensis	species
taxon rank	Notharctus is a genus of adapiform primate that lived in North America during the late to middle Eocene.	Notharctus	genus
taxon rank	Gastrochilus obliquus is a species of orchid native to China, the Himalayas and Southeast Asia.	Gastrochilus obliquus	species
taxon rank	The common wall lizard (Podarcis muralis) is a species of lizard with a large distribution in Europe and well-established introduced populations in North America, where it is also called the European wall lizard.	Podarcis muralis	species
taxon rank	Nepanthia belcheri is a species of starfish in the family Asterinidae.	Nepanthia belcheri	species
taxon rank	Clematis versicolor, the Pale leatherflower, is a species of flowering plant in the Buttercup family.	Clematis versicolor	species
taxon rank	Paxillus is a genus of mushrooms of which most are known to be poisonous or inedible.	Paxillus	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces graminisoli is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated together with Streptomyces rhizophilus from rhizosphere soil from the plant Sasa borealis.	Streptomyces graminisoli	species
taxon rank	Lagenophora is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Lagenophora	genus
taxon rank	Microrasbora is a genus of small fishes.	Microrasbora	genus
taxon rank	Arundinelleae is a tribe of grasses with roughly 90 species in two genera, mainly distributed in tropical and subtropical areas.	Arundinelleae	tribe
taxon rank	Aquilegia brevistyla is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name smallflower columbine.	Aquilegia brevistyla	species
taxon rank	The Amphisbaenidae, common name worm lizards, are a family of legless lizards (amphisbaenians).	Amphisbaenidae	family
taxon rank	Earina autumnalis, (commonly known as Easter orchid, or in Māori, raupeka) is a species of orchid that is endemic to New Zealand (North and South Islands, plus Chatham Island).	Earina autumnalis	species
taxon rank	Congrosoma evermanni, or the Evermann's conger, is a species of eel in the family Congridae.	Congrosoma evermanni	species
taxon rank	Trichopus zeylanicus is a small herbaceous plant, which is one of only two species of its genus, Trichopus.	Trichopus zeylanicus	species
taxon rank	Planorbarius corneus, common name the great ramshorn, is a relatively large species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails, or planorbids, which all have sinistral or left-coiling shells.	Planorbarius corneus	species
taxon rank	Japigny kirschbaum is a species of glass knifefish discovered in 2011 in French Guiana.	Japigny kirschbaum	species
taxon rank	Lonchocarpus salvadorensis, the Sangre de Chucho, is a plant species in the genus Lonchocarpus.	Lonchocarpus salvadorensis	species
taxon rank	Bathyomphalus contortus is a species of small air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Bathyomphalus contortus	species
taxon rank	Hesperoyucca is a small genus of two recognized species of flowering plants closely related to, and recently split from, Yucca, which is in the century plant subfamily within the asparagus family.	Hesperoyucca	genus
taxon rank	Mimoserixia rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimoserixia.	Mimoserixia rondoni	species
taxon rank	Pouteria viridis is a species of flowering plant in the family Sapotaceae known by the common name green sapote.	Pouteria viridis	species
taxon rank	Paracatenula is a genus of millimeter sized free-living marine gutless catenulid flatworms.	Paracatenula	genus
taxon rank	Campylobacter fetus is a species of Gram-negative, motile bacteria with a characteristic ``S-shaped'' rod morphology similar to members of the genus Vibrio .	Campylobacter fetus	species
taxon rank	Smith's Snake Skink, Nessia bipes, also known as Two-legged nessia, is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Nessia bipes	species
taxon rank	Priscacara is an extinct genus of perch from the middle Eocene.	Priscacara	genus
taxon rank	Bulbine semibarbata, commonly known as leek lily, native leek or wild onion, is a species of annual herb native to Australia.	Bulbine semibarbata	species
taxon rank	Eresus moravicus is a spider species in the family Eresidae found in Austria, Hungary, Czech Republic and Slovakia.	Eresus moravicus	species
taxon rank	Paraceratherium is an extinct genus of hornless rhinoceros, and one of the largest terrestrial mammals that has ever existed.	Paraceratherium	genus
taxon rank	Lottia digitalis common name the ``fingered limpet'' or ribbed limpet, is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Lottiidae.	Lottia digitalis	species
taxon rank	Drakaea livida, commonly known as warty hammer orchid is a species of orchid endemic to the south--west of Western Australia.	Drakaea livida	species
taxon rank	Carabus blaptoides is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Japan and Russia.	Carabus blaptoides	species
taxon rank	Nematalosa is a genus of gizzard shads in the fish family Clupeidae.	Nematalosa	genus
taxon rank	Sceloporus merriami annulatus, commonly known as the Big Bend canyon lizard, is a subspecies of the canyon lizard, and is endemic to southwestern Texas and adjacent northeastern Mexico.	Sceloporus merriami annulatus	subspecies
taxon rank	Tapinocephalidae was an advanced family of tapinocephalians.It is defined as the clade containing Ulemosaurus, Tapinocaninus, and the Tapinocephalinae They are known from both Russia and South Africa.	Tapinocephalidae	family
taxon rank	Brachypterygius (meaning ``wide wing/paddle'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of platypterygiine ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaur known from the Late Jurassic of England.	Brachypterygius	genus
taxon rank	Chaenactis macrantha is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names bighead dustymaiden and Mojave pincushion.	Chaenactis macrantha	species
taxon rank	Amblyraja is a genus of skates.	Amblyraja	genus
taxon rank	Holospira oritis, common name mountain holospira, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Urocoptidae.	Holospira oritis	species
taxon rank	Salmophasia boopis, the boopis razorbelly minnow, is a species of cyprinid fish in the genus Salmophasia.	Salmophasia boopis	species
taxon rank	Lonchodytes is a Late Cretaceous genus of aquatic bird, which lived along the shores of the Western Interior Seaway.	Lonchodytes	genus
taxon rank	Stegnosperma is a genus of flowering plants, consisting of three species of woody plants, native to the Caribbean, Central America, and the Sonoran Desert.	Stegnosperma	genus
taxon rank	Delphinium grandiflorum is a species of Delphinium known by the common name Siberian larkspur.	Delphinium grandiflorum	species
taxon rank	Thomasomys is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae, named after British zoologist Oldfield Thomas.	Thomasomys	genus
taxon rank	Solidago curtisii, commonly called Curtis' goldenrod and mountain decumbent goldenrod, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Solidago curtisii	species
taxon rank	Artamidae is a family of passerine birds found in Australia, the Indo-Pacific region, and Southern Asia.	Artamidae	family
taxon rank	The planted tank forum http://www.plantedtank.net and Wikipedia's List of freshwater aquarium plant species include Limnobium laevigatum on lists of recommended ornamental plants for aquascapes.	Limnobium laevigatum	species
taxon rank	Neocaristius heemstrai is a species of fish in the family Caristiidae, the manefishes.	Neocaristius heemstrai	species
taxon rank	Catocala amestris, the three-staff underwing, is a species of Catocalini that occurs in North America.	Catocala amestris	species
taxon rank	Oenothera perennis is a species of herbaceous flowering plant native to the eastern United States and Canada.	Oenothera perennis	species
taxon rank	Trilobites (/ˈtraɪləˌbaɪt, ˈtrɪ-, -loʊ-/; meaning ``three lobes'') are a fossil group of extinct marine arthropods that form the class Trilobita.	Trilobite	class
taxon rank	Erannis is a geometer moth genus of the subfamily Ennominae.	Erannis	genus
taxon rank	The Draconettidae, slope dragonets, are a small family (about 14 species) of fish in the order Perciformes.	Draconettidae	family
taxon rank	Nicrophorus argutor is a species of burying beetle found in Russia, Mongolia, China and Kazakhstan.	Nicrophorus argutor	species
taxon rank	Petropedetes perreti is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family endemic to Cameroon.	Petropedetes perreti	species
taxon rank	Callionymus platycephalus is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific waters around the Philippines where it occurs from the surface to 48 metres (157 ft).	Callionymus platycephalus	species
taxon rank	Myriophyllum alterniflorum, known as alternate water-milfoil or alternateflower watermilfoil, is a species of water-milfoil.	Myriophyllum alterniflorum	species
taxon rank	Haplochromis cyaneus is a species of cichlid endemic to the Tanzanian part of Lake Victoria.	Haplochromis cyaneus	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe caeruleoannulata is a species of psilocybin mushroom found in Uruguay and Brazil, where it grows on marshy grounds, grasslands, or pastures.	Psilocybe caeruleoannulata	species
taxon rank	Richardia scabra, commonly called rough Mexican clover or Florida pusley, is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family.	Richardia scabra	species
taxon rank	The African wildcat (Felis silvestris lybica), also called Near Eastern wildcat is a wildcat subspecies that lives in Africa and around the periphery of the Arabian Peninsula.	African wildcat	subspecies
taxon rank	Lepraria is a genus of leprose crustose lichens that grows on its substrate like patches of granular, caked up, mealy dust grains.	Lepraria	genus
taxon rank	Hyparrhenia filipendula is a species of perennial bunchgrass commonly known as fine thatching grass and fine hood grass.	Hyparrhenia filipendula	species
taxon rank	This genus was named by Andrew T. McDonald and John R. Horner in 2010, and the type species is Rubeosaurus ovatus.	Rubeosaurus	species
taxon rank	Trachinus is a genus of weevers, order Perciformes that consists of seven extant species.	Trachinus	genus
taxon rank	Before the introduction of exotic fish species including the Eastern mosquitofish and trout to Australian waterways the Australian grayling and spotted galaxias were keenly fished by recreational anglers using fly-fishing gear.	Australian grayling	species
taxon rank	Thalassopterus zancleus is a species of swimming sea slug, a shell-less pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Clionidae.	Thalassopterus zancleus	species
taxon rank	Hymenocallis tubiflora is a plant species from Trinidad and northern South America.	Hymenocallis tubiflora	species
taxon rank	Recilia raoi is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family, that is endemic to India.	Recilia raoi	species
taxon rank	Curcuma zanthorrhiza, known as Temulawak, Java ginger or Javanese ginger, is a plant species, belonging to the ginger family.	Curcuma zanthorrhiza	species
taxon rank	Buniapone is a monotypic genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Buniapone	genus
taxon rank	Phasianella variegata, common name the variegated pheasant, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.	Phasianella variegata	species
taxon rank	Mitra mitra, common name the Episcopal miter, is a species of large predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters.	Mitra mitra	species
taxon rank	The Phlebovirus genus currently comprises over 70 antigenically distinct serotypes, only a few of which have been studied.	Phlebovirus	genus
taxon rank	Conus mitratus, common name the mitred cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus mitratus	species
taxon rank	Cyrtopodion elongatum, the Yangihissar gecko, is a lizard species in the genus Cyrtopodion.	Cyrtopodion elongatum	species
taxon rank	Qiliania (from the Xiongnu qilian, ``heaven'') is an extinct genus of early bird from the lower Cretaceous (Aptian stage) about 120 million years ago.	Qiliania	genus
taxon rank	Gibbohammus stricticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Gibbohammus.	Gibbohammus stricticollis	species
taxon rank	Melanella baldra is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.	Melanella baldra	species
taxon rank	Lophogobius is a genus of gobies native to the Pacific and western Atlantic oceans.	Lophogobius	genus
taxon rank	Paranaleptes reticulata, known commonly as the Cashew Stem Girdler, is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Paranaleptes reticulata	species
taxon rank	Agriomyia is a genus of wasp in the order Hymenoptera.	Agriomyia	genus
taxon rank	Mordellistena aethiops is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae discovered in 1882.	Mordellistena aethiops	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus sonomensis, with the common name Sonoma ceanothus, is a rare species of shrub in the buckthorn family Rhamnaceae.	Ceanothus sonomensis	species
taxon rank	It was described by Watson in 1975 and contains the single species Aphyarctia surinamensis, which is found in French Guiana, Surinam, Ecuador and Bolivia.	Aphyarctia	species
taxon rank	Gastromyzon contractus is a species of river loach in the genus Gastromyzon.	Gastromyzon contractus	species
taxon rank	The genus contains one species, Divarctia diva, from Central Asia.	Divarctia	species
taxon rank	Banksieaeformis is a genus that encompasses plant species only known from fossil leaves that can be attributed to the Proteaceae tribe Banksieae, but cannot be attributed to an extant (living) genus.	Banksieaeformis	genus
taxon rank	Zhouornis is an extinct genus of enantiornithine dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Jehol Group (Aptian stage) of western Liaoning Province, northeastern China.	Zhouornis	genus
taxon rank	Hylesia nigricans is a species of lepidoptera of the Saturniidae family.	Hylesia nigricans	species
taxon rank	Anomiopus parallelus is a species of true dung beetle that can be found in northern Brazil and French Guiana, and can be found in the Amazon and cerrado biomes.	Anomiopus parallelus	species
taxon rank	Lamprima micardi is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae, that is found in Western Australia.	Lamprima micardi	species
taxon rank	Carrierea calycina is a species of tree in the willow family.	Carrierea calycina	species
taxon rank	Cambarus chasmodactylus, commonly called the New River Crayfish, is a species of crayfish endemic to the New River drainage system	Cambarus chasmodactylus	species
taxon rank	Adinauclea is a monospecific genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.	Adinauclea	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoclyzomedus ohbayashii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudoclyzomedus.	Pseudoclyzomedus ohbayashii	species
taxon rank	Ephedra lomatolepis is a species of Ephedra that is native to Kazakhstan and to the Tuva region of Siberia.	Ephedra lomatolepis	species
taxon rank	Eotitanops ('dawn titan-face') is an extinct genus of brontothere native to North America and Asia.	Eotitanops	genus
taxon rank	Dorsetisaurus is a genus of extinct lizard from the Early Cretaceous (Berriasian) Purbeck Group of Durlston Bay, in Dorset.	Dorsetisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Alcmonacaris winkleri is an extinct species of shrimp in its own genus, Alcmonacaris, which cannot yet be placed in a family.	Alcmonacaris	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Plaesiostola diaplintha, which is found on Borneo.	Plaesiostola	species
taxon rank	Drosophila sharpi (syn. D. attigua) is a rare species of fly, one of several species known as the Hawaiian picture-wing flies.	Drosophila sharpi	species
taxon rank	Micropterocerus longifacies is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Micropterocerus of the family Ulidiidae.	Micropterocerus longifacies	species
taxon rank	Hymenopappus tenuifolius, the Chalk Hill hymenopappus, is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Hymenopappus tenuifolius	species
taxon rank	Piper marginatum, the cake bush, Anesi wiwiri, marigold pepper, Ti Bombé in Creole or Hinojo, is a plant species in the genus Piper found in moist, shady spots in the Amazon rainforest in Surinam, French Guiana and Brazil.	Piper marginatum	species
taxon rank	The Zeiformes are a small order of marine ray-finned fishes most notable for the dories, a group of common food fish.	Zeiformes	order
taxon rank	Bangaloides strandi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Bangaloides.	Bangaloides strandi	species
taxon rank	Papilio xanthopleura is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Peru and Brazil.	Papilio xanthopleura	species
taxon rank	Camissonia pubens is a species of evening primrose known by the common name hairy suncup.	Camissonia pubens	species
taxon rank	Trachelipus pierantonii is a species of woodlouse in the genus Trachelipus belonging to the family Trachelipodidae that can be found in Trento, Italy.	Trachelipus pierantonii	species
taxon rank	Penthorum chinense is a plant species native to much of East Asia.	Penthorum chinense	species
taxon rank	Philodromus medius is a spider species found in Europe (Greece, Cyprus) and Asia (Israel, Azerbaijan).	Philodromus medius	species
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos longiflorus is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common names desert snowberry and fragrant snowberry.	Symphoricarpos longiflorus	species
taxon rank	Antennaria aromatica (scented pussytoes) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Antennaria aromatica	species
taxon rank	Stygobromus lucifugus is an extinct species of amphipod crustacean in the family Crangonyctidae.	Stygobromus lucifugus	species
taxon rank	Pholas dactylus or common piddock is a bioluminescent clam-like species of marine mollusc found on the coasts of the North Atlantic and the Mediterranean Sea.	Pholas dactylus	species
taxon rank	Allium calyptratum is a plant species found in Israel, Syria, Palestine and Turkey.	Allium calyptratum	species
taxon rank	Yunnanilus paludosus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Yunnanilus.	Yunnanilus paludosus	species
taxon rank	Minicrania (``small skull'') is an extinct genus of tiny antiarch fish, with armor averaging up to about 2 centimetres (0.79 in) long, which lived during the Lochkovian epoch in Early Devonian Yunnan Province, China and northern Vietnam.	Minicrania	genus
taxon rank	Heteroteuthis hawaiiensis is a species of bobtail squid native to the central and western Pacific Ocean.	Heteroteuthis hawaiiensis	species
taxon rank	Pteraspidomorphi is an extinct class of early jawless fish.	Pteraspidomorphi	class
taxon rank	Blepharidachne is a small genus of New World plants in the grass family, generally knwn as eyelashgrass or desertgrass.	Blepharidachne	genus
taxon rank	The Dacrymycetes are a class consisting of only one family of jelly fungi, which has imperforate parenthesomes and basidia that are usually branched.	Dacrymycetes	class
taxon rank	Sagartia ichthystoma is a species of sea anemone in the family Sagartiidae, also known as the fish-mouth anemone.	Sagartia ichthystoma	species
taxon rank	Populus euphratica, commonly known as the Euphrates poplar or desert poplar, is a species of poplar tree in the willow family.	Populus euphratica	species
taxon rank	Lepidiolamprologus attenuatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika preferring areas with sandy substrates in which it digs crater-shaped nests.	Lepidiolamprologus attenuatus	species
taxon rank	Trionyx kansaiensis is an extinct species of softshell turtle uncovered from the Late Cretaceous of Tajikistan and Qyzylorda, Kazakhstan.	Trionyx kansaiensis	species
taxon rank	Anise is a food plant for the larvae of some Lepidoptera species (butterflies and moths), including the lime-speck pug and wormwood pug.	Anise	species
taxon rank	Luidia magnifica, the magnificent star, is a species of starfish in the family Luidiidae.	Luidia magnifica	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe corrugata is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name wrinkled spineflower.	Chorizanthe corrugata	species
taxon rank	Ixora brevipedunculata is a species of flowering plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Ixora brevipedunculata	species
taxon rank	Erythroxylaceae (or coca family) is a family of flowering trees and shrubs consisting of 4 genera and approximately 240 species.	Erythroxylaceae	family
taxon rank	Oxycera fallenii, the Irish major, is a European species of soldier fly.	Oxycera fallenii	species
taxon rank	Scobinancistrus is a genus of armored catfishes native to the southeastern Amazon Basin in Brazil.	Scobinancistrus	genus
taxon rank	Pachydactylus boehmei is a species of thick-toed gecko belonging to the Pachydactylus weberi group, found in Namibia.	Pachydactylus boehmei	species
taxon rank	The Karner blue (Lycaeides melissa samuelis) is an endangered subspecies of small blue butterfly which was once found in significant numbers in the Miller Beach community of the Indiana Dunes National Park.	Karner blue	subspecies
taxon rank	Lupinus tracyi is a species of lupine known by the common name Tracy's lupine.	Lupinus tracyi	species
taxon rank	Sabal palmetto, also known as cabbage palm, palmetto, cabbage palmetto, palmetto palm, blue palmetto, Carolina palmetto, common palmetto, swamp cabbage and sabal palm, is one of 15 species of palmetto palm (Arecaceae, genus Sabal).	Sabal palmetto	species
taxon rank	Tasmanipatus anophthalmus is a species of invertebrate in the Peripatopsidae family.	Tasmanipatus anophthalmus	species
taxon rank	Westonoceras is an extinct nautiloid genus from the Discosorida that lived during the Middle and Late Ordovician that has been found in North America, Greenland, and Northern Europe.	Westonoceras	genus
taxon rank	Perulibatrachus is a genus of toadfishes known from the Indian and Atlantic Oceans.	Perulibatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudolmedia is a flowering plant genus in the mulberry family (Moraceae).	Pseudolmedia	genus
taxon rank	Panulirus marginatus is a species of spiny lobster in the family Palinuridae which is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.	Panulirus marginatus	species
taxon rank	Xenophoridae, commonly called carrier shells, is a family of medium-sized to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Xenophoridae	family
taxon rank	The Brazil nut tree is the only species in the monotypic genus Bertholletia.	Brazil nut	species
taxon rank	Lycophidion variegatum, also known as the variegated wolf snake, is a species of small nocturnal snake in the family Lamprophiidae.	Lycophidion variegatum	species
taxon rank	The Pitcher's thistle (Cirsium pitcheri), sometimes called dune thistle, is a species of thistle native to sand dune shorelines along the upper Great Lakes.	Cirsium pitcheri	species
taxon rank	Porcellio novus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found in Portugal and Spain.	Porcellio novus	species
taxon rank	Ophiomorus raithmai is a species of skink endemic to India and Pakistan.	Ophiomorus raithmai	species
taxon rank	Tripedalia cystophora is a small species of box jellyfish in the family Tripedaliidae.	Tripedalia cystophora	species
taxon rank	Gaidropsarus is a genus of lotid fishes, with these currently recognized species:	Gaidropsarus	genus
taxon rank	Oreocereus is a genus of cacti (family Cactaceae), known only from high altitudes of the Andes.	Oreocereus	genus
taxon rank	Pandanus livingstonianus Rendle is one of some 752 palaeotropical species of dioecious tree in the genus Pandanus, popularly known as Screw pines, and occurs from Angola eastwards across tropical Africa and down the east coast of Southern Africa.	Pandanus livingstonianus	species
taxon rank	Chasmanthe is a genus of flowering plants in the iris family, first described in 1932.	Chasmanthe	genus
taxon rank	Labeobarbus osseensis is a species of cyprinid fish which is endemic to Ethiopia.	Labeobarbus osseensis	species
taxon rank	Amaurobius hercegovinensis is a spider species found in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Amaurobius hercegovinensis	species
taxon rank	Eunota togata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Eunota.	Eunota	species
taxon rank	Baeometra is a genus in the family Colchicaceae containing a single species, Baeometra uniflora.	Baeometra	species
taxon rank	Genevievella is a genus of trilobite with an short inverted egg-shaped outline, a wide headshield, small eyes, and long genal spines.	Genevievella	genus
taxon rank	The family contains the single genus Atractogloea, which in turn contains the single species Atractogloea stillata, found in the USA.	Atractogloea	species
taxon rank	Altica palustris is a species of flea beetle from a family of leaf beetles, that can be found in Asia, and North Africa.	Altica palustris	species
taxon rank	Orodrominae is a subfamily of Thescelosaurid Ornithopod dinosaurs from the Cretaceous of North America.	Orodrominae	subfamily
taxon rank	Nelson's kangaroo rat (Dipodomys nelsoni) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae which is endemic to the central plateau of Mexico.	Nelson's kangaroo rat	species
taxon rank	Uca annulipes is a species of fiddler crab found along the coastline from South Africa to Somalia, Madagascar, India, China, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines.	Uca annulipes	species
taxon rank	Luffa operculata (common name, sponge cucumber, wild loofa or mướp xơ in Vietnamese) is a species of Luffa.	Luffa operculata	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Pseudokoleps akainae, which is found in Costa Rica.	Pseudokoleps	species
taxon rank	Cheilotoma beldei is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily of Cryptocephalinae that can be found in Jordan and Turkey.	Cheilotoma beldei	species
taxon rank	Scincella reevesii (common name: Reeves' smooth skink) is a species of skink.	Scincella reevesii	species
taxon rank	Rubus alumnus, the oldfield blackberry, is a North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus alumnus	species
taxon rank	Isochilus aurantiacus is a species of orchid native to Mexico (Chiapas), south into to Central America.	Isochilus aurantiacus	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops striatulus is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops striatulus	species
taxon rank	Begoniaceae is a family of flowering plants with over 2000 species occurring in the subtropics and tropics of both the New World and Old World.	Begoniaceae	family
taxon rank	Tephrosia pondoensis (Pondo Poison Pea, Afrikaans: Pondo-Gifertjie) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Tephrosia pondoensis	species
taxon rank	Bradybaenidae is a taxonomic family of medium-sized to small land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea.	Bradybaenidae	family
taxon rank	Cornus alba (red-barked, white or Siberian dogwood) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cornaceae, native to Siberia, northern China and Korea.	Cornus alba	species
taxon rank	Ceanothus fendleri (Fendler('s) ceanothus, Fendler('s) buckbrush, deer brier) is a species of flowering shrub native to northern Mexico, Arizona, New Mexico, west Texas and the northeastern Texas panhandle, Utah, Colorado, eastern Wyoming, and western South Dakota.	Ceanothus fendleri	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Euzeugapteryx speciosa, which is found in French Guiana.	Euzeugapteryx	species
taxon rank	Dianthus gratianopolitanus (Cheddar pink) is a species belonging to the Caryophyllaceae family.	Dianthus gratianopolitanus	species
taxon rank	Elaeis oleifera is a species of palm commonly called the American oil palm.	Elaeis oleifera	species
taxon rank	Pionus is a genus of medium-sized parrots native to Mexico, and Central and South America.	Pionus	genus
taxon rank	Diplodactylinae is a subfamily in the family Gekkonidae sensu lato.	Diplodactylinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Aiphanes bicornis is a species of small, pinnately leaved palm which is endemic to Ecuador.	Aiphanes bicornis	species
taxon rank	Idiolychnus urolampus is a species of lanternfish known from the Pacific and Indian Oceans.	Idiolychnus urolampus	species
taxon rank	Acrobasis comptoniella, the sweetfern leaf casebearer, is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis.	Acrobasis comptoniella	species
taxon rank	Attonitus bounites is one of three species of fish of family Characidae in order of Characiformes.	Attonitus bounites	species
taxon rank	Harpactirinae (commonly called baboon spiders) are a subfamily of tarantulas which are native to the continent of Africa.	Harpactirinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Acanthephippium bicolor is a species of orchid that is native to South India, Sri Lanka and New Guinea.	Acanthephippium bicolor	species
taxon rank	The Nemacheilidae, or stone loaches, are a family of cypriniform fishes that inhabit stream environments, mostly in Eurasia, with one genus, Afronemacheilus, found in Africa.	Nemacheilidae	family
taxon rank	Kuiterichthys is a genus of frogfishes endemic to the coastal waters of Australia.	Kuiterichthys	genus
taxon rank	The Ancylostomatidae are a family of worms that includes the hookworms.	Ancylostomatidae	family
taxon rank	Slender lorises (Loris) are a genus of loris native to India and Sri Lanka.	Slender loris	genus
taxon rank	Synodontis laessoei is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Angola where it is only known from the Kokema River.	Synodontis laessoei	species
taxon rank	Wiebke's Beggarticks or Molokaʻi Koʻokoʻolau (Bidens wiebkei) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Bidens wiebkei	species
taxon rank	Arouva mirificana is a species of snout moth in the genus Arouva.	Arouva mirificana	species
taxon rank	Patelliconidae is an extinct family of Paleozoic fossil molluscs.	Patelliconidae	family
taxon rank	Machaeranthera asteroides (fall tansyaster) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Machaeranthera asteroides	species
taxon rank	The Snake River fine-spotted cutthroat trout is a form of the cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarkii) which is considered either as a separate subspecies Oncorhynchus clarkii behnkei, or as a variety of the Yellowstone cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarkii bouvieri).	Snake River fine-spotted cutthroat trout	subspecies
taxon rank	Ophiclinus gabrieli, the Frosted snake-blenny, is a species of clinid native to Amphibolis seagrass in the coastal waters of southern Australia.	Ophiclinus gabrieli	species
taxon rank	Amblyopone aberrans is a species of ant in the genus Amblyopone, endemic to Australia.	Amblyopone aberrans	species
taxon rank	Cosmoclostis is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family.	Cosmoclostis	genus
taxon rank	Beckidia is a genus of European and African non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.	Beckidia	genus
taxon rank	Labidiaster annulatus is a species of starfish in the family Heliasteridae.	Labidiaster annulatus	species
taxon rank	The Sesiinae are a subfamily of clearwing moths from the Lepidoptera family, identified by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1828.	Sesiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Herpetogramma bipunctalis, the southern beet webworm moth or two-spotted herpetogramma, is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Herpetogramma bipunctalis	species
taxon rank	Watsonia marginata is a species of flowering plant in the iris family known by the common name fragrant bugle-lily.	Watsonia marginata	species
taxon rank	Himatanthus is a genus of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1819.	Himatanthus	genus
taxon rank	The Cozumel harvest mouse (Reithrodontomys spectabilis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Cozumel harvest mouse	species
taxon rank	Opisthothelae is sometimes presented as an unranked clade and sometimes as a suborder of the Araneae.	Opisthothelae	suborder
taxon rank	Lioberus castaneus is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Lioberus castaneus	species
taxon rank	Fuchsia boliviana is a species of Fuchsia native to southern Peru, Bolivia and northern Argentina.	Fuchsia boliviana	species
taxon rank	Casea is an extinct genus of pelycosaur synapsid which was about 1.2 metres (4 ft) long, slightly smaller than the otherwise very similar Caseoides.	Casea	genus
taxon rank	The Azuero spider monkey (Ateles geoffroyi azuerensis) is a possible subspecies of spider monkey that is in critical danger of extinction according to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.	Azuero spider monkey	subspecies
taxon rank	Muramotoceras was an unusual genus of heteromorphic ammonite.	Muramotoceras	genus
taxon rank	Commiphora habessinica, sometimes known as Abyssinian myrrh, is a species of flowering plant in the Burseraceae native to Africa and the Arabian Peninsula.	Commiphora habessinica	species
taxon rank	Schefflera polyclada is a plant species found in Papua New Guinea.	Schefflera polyclada	species
taxon rank	Mammillaria grahamii is a species of cactus also known by the name Graham's nipple cactus.	Mammillaria grahamii	species
taxon rank	Rissoides desmaresti is a species of mantis shrimp native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea.	Rissoides desmaresti	species
taxon rank	Ephestiodes erasa is a species of snout moth in the genus Ephestiodes.	Ephestiodes erasa	species
taxon rank	Longanalus macrochirous is a species of cave-dwelling cyprinid fish endemic to the Maolan National Reserve in Guizhou, China.	Longanalus macrochirous	species
taxon rank	Semljicola lapponicus is a spider species found in Scandinavia, Russia and Alaska.	Semljicola lapponicus	species
taxon rank	Pharnaciini is a tribe of stick insects comprising nine genera.	Pharnaciini	tribe
taxon rank	Benthophilus kessleri is a species of goby widespread along the eastern coasts of the Caspian Sea from the Urdyuk Cape to Kuuli Cape and Türkmenbaşy at south.	Benthophilus kessleri	species
taxon rank	Hyperodapedon is a genus of rhynchosaur (a beaked, archosaur-like reptile) from the late Triassic period (Carnian stage).	Hyperodapedon	genus
taxon rank	Palaeotragus (``ancient goat'') is a genus of very large, primitive, okapi-like giraffid from the Miocene of Africa, Eurasia.	Palaeotragus	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops goudotii, or the black blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.	Leptotyphlops goudotii	species
taxon rank	Bothriochloa ischaemum is a species of perennial grass in the family Poaceae, found throughout much of the world.	Bothriochloa ischaemum	species
taxon rank	Coleonyx is a genus of terrestrial geckos commonly referred to as banded geckos.	Coleonyx	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus panamintensis is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Panamint milkvetch.	Astragalus panamintensis	species
taxon rank	Dexosarcophaga is a genus of flies.	Dexosarcophaga	genus
taxon rank	Aspidistra elatior, the cast-iron-plant or bar room plant, also known in Japanese as haran or baran (葉蘭) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to Japan and Taiwan.	Aspidistra elatior	species
taxon rank	Balanites aegyptiaca is a species of tree, classified either as a member of the Zygophyllaceae or the Balanitaceae.	Balanites aegyptiaca	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Scelophoromyces osorianus.	Scelophoromyces	species
taxon rank	Amparoina spinosissima is a species of fungus in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Amparoina.	Amparoina spinosissima	species
taxon rank	Carphephorus tomentosus (common name Woolly chaffhead) is a species of North American plants in the sunflower family.	Carphephorus tomentosus	species
taxon rank	Zanthoxylum psammophilum (synonym Fagara psammophila Aké Assi) is a species of shrub or small tree in the Rutaceae family.	Zanthoxylum psammophilum	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Emelieana aureolineata, which is found in Papua.	Emelieana	species
taxon rank	Cola nitida is a species of plant belonging to the family Malvaceae.	Cola nitida	species
taxon rank	Eohippus is an extinct genus of small equid ungulates.	Eohippus	genus
taxon rank	Scoliciosporum abietinum is a species of fungi within the Scoliciosporaceae family, first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia.	Scoliciosporum abietinum	species
taxon rank	Clarkia pulchella also known as pinkfairies, ragged robin, and deerhorn clarkia is a species of flowering plant in the Onagraceae family.	Clarkia pulchella	species
taxon rank	Bannapone scrobiceps is a species of ant in the genus Bannapone.	Bannapone scrobiceps	species
taxon rank	Goniopholis is an extinct genus of goniopholidid crocodyliform that lived in Europe during the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous.	Goniopholis	genus
taxon rank	Laubuka is a genus of cyprinid fish found in South and Southeast Asia.	Laubuka	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus turquinensis is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Cuba.	Eleutherodactylus turquinensis	species
taxon rank	Rhodanicaris is an extinct genus of prawn which is preserved in the Callovian la Voulte-sur-Rhône lagerstätte.	Rhodanicaris	genus
taxon rank	Habenaria, commonly called bog orchids, are a far ranging genus of orchid.	Habenaria	genus
taxon rank	Laurus azorica (also called Azores Laurel) is a species of plant in the Lauraceae family, related to Laurus nobilis.	Laurus azorica	species
taxon rank	Sphaeromorda atterrima is a species of beetle in the Sphaeromorda genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Sphaeromorda atterrima	species
taxon rank	Serromyia is a genus of biting midges in the subfamily Ceratopogoninae.	Serromyia	genus
taxon rank	Iris tenuissima is a species of iris known by the common name longtube iris.	Iris tenuissima	species
taxon rank	Palastericus is an extinct genus of sea star from the Devonian.	Palastericus	genus
taxon rank	Lebia nigripes is a species of ground beetles in the Harpalinae subfamily that can be found in southern part of Russia.	Lebia nigripes	species
taxon rank	Macrognathus semiocellatus is a species of ray-finned fish endemic to Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam; it found in marshlands and vegetated water bodies in Mekong Chao Phraya River and Mae Klong.	Macrognathus semiocellatus	species
taxon rank	Pollicipes polymerus, commonly known as the gooseneck barnacle or leaf barnacle, is a species of stalked barnacle.	Pollicipes polymerus	species
taxon rank	Emblemaria piratula, the Pirate blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Atlantic ocean.	Emblemaria piratula	species
taxon rank	Polydactylus sextarius, commonly known as the blackspot threadfin, is a species of marine fish native to the western Pacific and eastern Indian Oceans.	Polydactylus sextarius	species
taxon rank	Tetrodontium is a genus of two species of moss (Bryophyta).	Tetrodontium	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus meionanthus, commonly known as Lake Tahoe lupine, is a species of flowering plant from the order of Lamiales which can be found in Nevada and California where it can be found in Yosemite National Park.	Lupinus meionanthus	species
taxon rank	Porcellanopagurus is a genus of hermit crabs, containing the following species:	Porcellanopagurus	genus
taxon rank	Glossopetalon spinescens is a species of flowering shrub in the family Crossosomataceae known by the common names spiny greasebush, spiny greasewood and Nevada greasewood.	Glossopetalon spinescens	species
taxon rank	The Anatolian leopard (Panthera pardus tulliana), also called the Asia Minor leopard, was proposed in the 19th century as a distinct leopard subspecies native to southwestern Turkey.	Anatolian leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Vieja is a genus of fish from the family Cichlidae.	Vieja	genus
taxon rank	Argentozethus is a monospecific neotropical genus of potter wasps restricted to north-western Argentina.	Argentozethus	genus
taxon rank	Diorhabda meridionalis is a species of leaf beetle known as the southern tamarisk beetle (SoTB) which feeds on tamarisk trees from Syria to western and southern Iran and southern Pakistan.	Diorhabda meridionalis	species
taxon rank	Poblana ferdebueni, the Chignahuapan silverside is a species of neotropical silverside endemic to Mexico.	Poblana ferdebueni	species
taxon rank	Aeollanthus is a genus in the mint family, Lamiaceae.	Aeollanthus	genus
taxon rank	Aglaonema is a genus of flowering plants in the arum family, Araceae.	Aglaonema	genus
taxon rank	Raphiglossa is an African and Palearctic genus of potter wasps.	Raphiglossa	genus
taxon rank	The Hazeliidae are a family of spicular Cambrian demosponges known from the Burgess Shale, the Marjum Formation of Utah, and possibly Chengjiang.	Hazeliidae	family
taxon rank	Alphitonia marquesensis is a species of plant in the Rhamnaceae family.	Alphitonia marquesensis	species
taxon rank	Calibrachoa elegans is a plant species in the genus Calibrachoa found in Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Calibrachoa elegans	species
taxon rank	Varroa jacobsoni is a species of mite that parasitises Apis cerana (Asian honey bees).	Varroa jacobsoni	species
taxon rank	Chaenopsis limbaughi, the Yellowface pikeblenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Atlantic, including the Bahamas and Caribbean.	Chaenopsis limbaughi	species
taxon rank	Propanoplosaurus is a genus of herbivorous nodosaurid dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Patuxent Formation of Maryland, USA.	Propanoplosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Viola adunca is a species of violet known by the common names hookedspur violet, early blue violet, sand violet, and western dog violet.	Viola adunca	species
taxon rank	Procolophonoidea is an extinct superfamily of procolophonian parareptiles.	Procolophonoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Equisetum giganteum, with the common name Southern giant horsetail, is a species of horsetail native to South America and Central America, from central Chile east to Brazil and north to Southern Mexico.	Equisetum giganteum	species
taxon rank	Eriodictyon traskiae is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common names Pacific yerba santa and Trask's yerba santa.	Eriodictyon traskiae	species
taxon rank	``Yizhousaurus'' is an informally named genus of basal sauropod dinosaurs which existed in what is now Lower Lufeng Formation, Yunnan Province of southern China during the lower Jurassic period.	Yizhousaurus	genus
taxon rank	Amanita abrupta, commonly known as the American abrupt-bulbed Lepidella, is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family of mushrooms.	Amanita abrupta	species
taxon rank	Moniliformida is an order containing a single family, Moniliformidae, of microscopic parasitic worms that attach themselves to the intestinal wall of terrestrial vertebrates	Moniliformidae	order
taxon rank	Arnica parryi is a North American species of arnica known by the common name Parry's arnica or nodding arnica.	Arnica parryi	species
taxon rank	Salix jepsonii is a species of willow known by the common name Jepson's willow.	Salix jepsonii	species
taxon rank	Homalopoma radiatum, common name the radiate dwarf turban, is a species of small sea snail with calcareous opercula, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Colloniidae.	Homalopoma radiatum	species
taxon rank	Bythiospeum quenstedti is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Bythiospeum quenstedti	species
taxon rank	Mimulus latidens is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name broadtooth monkeyflower.	Mimulus latidens	species
taxon rank	Nanorana feae (common names: Kakhien paa frog, ocellated spiny frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana feae	species
taxon rank	Sedum lanceolatum is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common names spearleaf stonecrop and lanceleaf stonecrop.	Sedum lanceolatum	species
taxon rank	Angaria javanica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Angariidae.	Angaria javanica	species
taxon rank	Alosa macedonica, or the Macedonian shad (also known as liparia), is a landlocked species of clupeid fish endemic to Greece.	Alosa macedonica	species
taxon rank	Sepia faurei is a species of cuttlefish native to the southwestern Indian Ocean, specifically to the east of the Cape of Good Hope, South Africa.	Sepia faurei	species
taxon rank	Araucnephioides is a genus of black flies from Chile.	Araucnephioides	genus
taxon rank	Lobelia gaudichaudii is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Koolau Range lobelia.	Lobelia gaudichaudii	species
taxon rank	Austrodiscus lopesi is a fossil species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae, from the Paleocene deposits of the Itaboraí Basin in Brazil.	Austrodiscus lopesi	species
taxon rank	Agyneta insolita is a species of sheet weaver found in Nigeria.	Agyneta insolita	species
taxon rank	Platytropius siamensis is a species of schilbid catfish (order Siluriformes) family Schilbeidae.	Platytropius siamensis	species
taxon rank	The specific epithet of this species, arenaria calls attention to the specialized sandy habitat where Aleptina arenaria was discovered.	Aleptina arenaria	species
taxon rank	Trigonictis macrodon is an extinct genera and species of mammal related to a grison (genus Galictis) of North America living during the Pliocene through Pleistocene from ~4.1--1.6 Ma.	Trigonictis macrodon	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes thodai is a species of frog of the genus Raorchestes found in Ooty in the Nilgiris district of the Western Ghats of Tamil Nadu in India.	Raorchestes thodai	species
taxon rank	The Peary caribou (Rangifer tarandus pearyi) is a caribou subspecies found in the high Arctic islands of Canada's Nunavut and Northwest territories.	Peary caribou	subspecies
taxon rank	Cirrhitichthys is a genus of hawkfishes found on tropical reefs in the Indian and western Pacific oceans.	Cirrhitichthys	genus
taxon rank	Penicillium macrosclerotiorum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from soil in south China.	Penicillium macrosclerotiorum	species
taxon rank	Woodia is a genus in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1894.	Woodia	genus
taxon rank	Carabus cristoforii is a species of ground beetle from Carabidae family that can be found in Andorra and Spain.	Carabus cristoforii	species
taxon rank	The Blanco blind salamander (Eurycea robusta) is a species of aquatic, lungless salamander native to the United States.	Blanco blind salamander	species
taxon rank	Leucojum aestivum, commonly called summer snowflake, is a plant species widely cultivated as an ornamental.	Leucojum aestivum	species
taxon rank	Asterionella is a genus of pennate freshwater diatoms.	Asterionella	genus
taxon rank	Diploschistes (crater lichen) is a genus of crustose lichens with a thick, cracked (areolate) body (thallus) with worldwide distribution.	Diploschistes	genus
taxon rank	The Imbricate Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum imbricatum) is a species of orchid.	Bulbophyllum imbricatum	species
taxon rank	Anabaraspis is a genus of redlichiid trilobite.	Anabaraspis	genus
taxon rank	Leptosiphon nudatus (syn. Linanthus nudatus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Tehachapi linanthus.	Leptosiphon nudatus	species
taxon rank	The Yunnan lar gibbon (Hylobates lar yunnanensis), also known as the Yunnan white-handed gibbon, is a subspecies of the lar gibbon, a primate in the gibbon family, Hylobatidae.	Yunnan lar gibbon	subspecies
taxon rank	Cyrioides australis, commonly known as the dark blue banksia jewel beetle, is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae native to southeastern Australia.	Cyrioides australis	species
taxon rank	Plectritis is a genus of plants in the honeysuckle family.	Plectritis	genus
taxon rank	Jamesoniella undulifolia, the marsh flapwort, or marsh earwort, is a species of liverwort in the Jungermanniaceae family.	Jamesoniella undulifolia	species
taxon rank	Hedychrum nobile is a species of cuckoo wasp (the family Chrysididae).	Hedychrum nobile	species
taxon rank	Alcyna kingensis, common name the King Island kelp shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Alcyna kingensis	species
taxon rank	Naarda ivelona is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae from Madagascar.	Naarda ivelona	species
taxon rank	Conus figulinus, common name the fig cone, is a cone snail, a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus figulinus	species
taxon rank	Myrica rivas-martinezii is a species of plant in the Myricaceae family.	Myrica rivas-martinezii	species
taxon rank	Castanea pumila, commonly known as the Allegheny chinquapin, American chinquapin (from the Powhatan) or dwarf chestnut, is a species of chestnut native to the eastern United States from southern New Jersey and Pennsylvania south to central Florida, west to eastern Texas, and north to southern Missouri and Kentucky.	Castanea pumila	species
taxon rank	Pachyhalictus bedanus is a species of bees in the genus Pachyhalictus, of the family Halictidae.	Pachyhalictus bedanus	species
taxon rank	Gallardosaurus is a genus of pliosaurid plesiosaur from the Caribbean seaway.	Gallardosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Caeciliidae is the family of common caecilians.	Caeciliidae	family
taxon rank	Phyrganeoidea, the giant caddisfly superfamily, may be paraphyletic with Limnephiloidea.	Phyrganeoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Sepia trygonina, the trident cuttlefish, is a species of cuttlefish in the genus Sepia from the Red Sea and the western Indian Ocean.	Sepia trygonina	species
taxon rank	Araucaria muelleri is a species of conifer in the Araucariaceae family.	Araucaria muelleri	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia punicea is a species of euphorb commonly known as Jamaican poinsettia.	Euphorbia punicea	species
taxon rank	Acer glabrum is a species of maple native to western North America, from southeastern Alaska, British Columbia and western Alberta, east to western Nebraska, and south through Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana and Colorado to California, Arizona and New Mexico.	Acer glabrum	species
taxon rank	Eosuchians are an extinct order of diapsid reptiles.	Eosuchia	order
taxon rank	Zatheria is a group (sublegion) of mammals that includes the common ancestor of Arguitheriidae, Arguimuridae, Vincelestidae, Peramuridae and Tribosphenida (living therians plus all of its ancestors).	Zatheria	sublegion
taxon rank	Nebria simulator is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to North Korea.	Nebria simulator	species
taxon rank	Phlaocyon minor is an extinct species of canid mammal known from the Miocene-Oligocene (Arikareean NALMA, more than 20 million years ago) of the United States (Wyoming, South Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming, and Texas.)	Phlaocyon minor	species
taxon rank	Pratapa is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Far Eastern Palearctic ecozone (China) and in the Indomalaya ecozone.	Pratapa	genus
taxon rank	Leucactinia is a genus of flowering plants in the marigold tribe within the sunflower family.	Leucactinia	genus
taxon rank	Vateria indica, the white dammar, is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Vateria indica	species
taxon rank	Mimhoplomelas diadelioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimhoplomelas.	Mimhoplomelas diadelioides	species
taxon rank	Vexillum crocatum, common name : the saffron mitre, is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.	Vexillum crocatum	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma ornatum, common name the ornate topshell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma ornatum	species
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus rugatus was a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Pseudophilautus rugatus	species
taxon rank	Aparallactus jacksonii, or Jackson's centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Aparallactus jacksonii	species
taxon rank	Hyptis alata (musky mint, or clustered bushmint) is a shrub species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae, the mint family.	Hyptis alata	species
taxon rank	Osmorhiza brachypoda is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name California sweetcicely.	Osmorhiza brachypoda	species
taxon rank	Telescopus semiannulatus, commonly known as the tiger snake, tiger cat snake, or striped cat snake is a species of colubrid snake.	Telescopus semiannulatus	species
taxon rank	Eolepidopterigoidea is an extinct superfamily of moths, containing the single family Eolepidopterigidae, although the genus Undopterix is sometimes placed in a separate family Undopterigidae.	Eolepidopterigoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Rhinophis dorsimaculatus, commonly known as the polka-dot earth snake, is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family.	Rhinophis dorsimaculatus	species
taxon rank	Astianthus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Bignoniaceae family.	Astianthus	genus
taxon rank	Hollandaea riparia, sometimes named Roaring Meg Hollandaea, is a species of Australian rainforest small trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Hollandaea riparia	species
taxon rank	Lathyrus sphaericus is a species of wild pea known by the common names grass pea and round-seeded vetchling.	Lathyrus sphaericus	species
taxon rank	Lymania globosa is a species in the genus Lymania.	Lymania globosa	species
taxon rank	Nemegtomaia (``Nemegt mother'') is a genus of oviraptorid dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia.	Nemegtomaia	genus
taxon rank	Echinocactus horizonthalonius is a species of cactus known by several common names, including devilshead, turk's head cactus, blue barrel cactus, eagle's claw, horse maimer, horse crippler, and visnaga meloncillo.	Echinocactus horizonthalonius	species
taxon rank	The pike icefish, Champsocephalus esox, is a species of icefish found at depths of 50--250 m (160--820 ft) in the oceans off Patagonia, the Falklands and South Georgia.	Champsocephalus esox	species
taxon rank	Holothuria leucospilota, commonly known as the black sea cucumber, is a species of marine invertebrate in the family Holothuriidae.	Holothuria leucospilota	species
taxon rank	Gobitrichinotus is a genus of sand darters, with one species from rivers in Madagascar and another from coastal waters (salt, brackish and fresh) of the western Pacific Ocean.	Gobitrichinotus	genus
taxon rank	Caesalpinia sappan is a species of flowering tree in the legume family, Fabaceae, that is native to Southeast Asia and the Malay archipelago.	Caesalpinia sappan	species
taxon rank	Tropaeolum asplundii is a species of plant in the Tropaeolaceae family.	Tropaeolum asplundii	species
taxon rank	Heuchera merriamii is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Merriam's alumroot.	Heuchera merriamii	species
taxon rank	Acanthaspis siva is a species of assassin bug.	Acanthaspis siva	species
taxon rank	Caluromyinae is a subfamily of opossums.	Caluromyinae	subfamily
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Dacgleia cerata, which is found in Vietnam.	Dacgleia	species
taxon rank	Thaumatomastix is a Rhizaria genus.	Thaumatomastix	genus
taxon rank	Thelidomus aspera is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurodontidae.	Thelidomus aspera	species
taxon rank	Stefania satelles (Spanish: Rana Stefania Del Aprada-tepuy) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.	Stefania satelles	species
taxon rank	Verbesina virginica, the white crownbeard, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Verbesina virginica	species
taxon rank	Hypopygus is a genus of bluntnose knifefishes native to northern South America.	Hypopygus	genus
taxon rank	Acsala is a genus of lichen moths in the family Erebidae.	Acsala	genus
taxon rank	Melica frutescens, woody melicgrass, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in such US states as Arizona and California and in Mexico.	Melica frutescens	species
taxon rank	Suillus pseudoalbivelatus is a species of bolete fungus in the Suillaceae family.	Suillus pseudoalbivelatus	species
taxon rank	Ceropegia candelabrum is a plant species from the subfamily Asclepiadoideae.	Ceropegia candelabrum	species
taxon rank	The species Pseudomonas riboflavina was transfer to Devosia riboflavina	Devosia riboflavina	species
taxon rank	Parastrigulia africana is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Parastrigulia.	Parastrigulia	genus
taxon rank	Solariella micraulax, common name the fine-groove solarelle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Solariella micraulax	species
taxon rank	Leontopodium coreanum is a species of plant in the Asteraceae family.	Leontopodium coreanum	species
taxon rank	Centotheceae is a small tribe of grasses with six species in two genera, distributed in Africa and Asia.	Centotheceae	tribe
taxon rank	Paraponera clavata is a species of ant, commonly known as the bullet ant, named on account of its powerful and potent sting due to its venom.	Paraponera clavata	species
taxon rank	Heterodactylus is a genus of gymnophthalmid lizards endemic to Brazil.	Heterodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Bourreria velutina is a species of plant in the family Boraginaceae.	Bourreria velutina	species
taxon rank	Xanthoceras sorbifolium (yellowhorn, shiny leaf yellowhorn, goldenhorn, Chinese flowering chestnut) is a woody perennial in the soapberry family, Sapindaceae, and the only species in the genus Xanthoceras.	Xanthoceras	species
taxon rank	Taruga longinasus (common names: southern whipping frog, long-snouted tree-frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Taruga longinasus	species
taxon rank	Lycodon osmanhilli, commonly known as the Colombo wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to Sri Lanka.	Lycodon osmanhilli	species
taxon rank	Lithospermum incisum is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by several common names, including narrowleaf stoneseed, fringed gromwell, narrowleaf puccoon, and plains stoneseed.	Lithospermum incisum	species
taxon rank	Ruellia simplex (Britton's wild petunia, Mexican petunia, Mexican bluebell) is a species of flowering plant in the acanthus family, Acanthaceae.	Ruellia simplex	species
taxon rank	Theba pisana, common names the white garden snail, sand hill snail, white Italian snail, Mediterranean coastal snail, and simply just the Mediterranean snail, is an edible species of medium-sized, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Theba pisana	species
taxon rank	Athamanta turbith is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae.	Athamanta turbith	species
taxon rank	Vitis heyneana is a species of climbing vine in the grape family endemic to Asia.	Vitis heyneana	species
taxon rank	Adelotypa bolena is a species of butterfly in the Riodinidae family.	Adelotypa bolena	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe medullosa is a species of psychoactive mushroom.	Psilocybe medullosa	species
taxon rank	Chanaresuchus is an extinct genus of proterochampsian archosauriform.	Chanaresuchus	genus
taxon rank	Conus canonicus, common name the tiger cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus canonicus	species
taxon rank	Camptoceras hirasei is a species of air-breathing freshwater snails with sinistral shells, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae.	Camptoceras hirasei	species
taxon rank	Howea belmoreana, the curly palm, kentia palm, or Belmore sentry palm, is a species of flowering plant in the family Arecaceae, endemic to Lord Howe Island, Australia.	Howea belmoreana	species
taxon rank	Leptophilypnion is a genus of small sleeper gobies endemic to the Amazon Basin in South America.	Leptophilypnion	genus
taxon rank	Rafflesia philippensis is a parasitic plant species of the genus Rafflesia that was named by Blanco in his Flora de Filipinas in 1845.	Rafflesia philippensis	species
taxon rank	Allium teretifolium is a plant species native to Xinjiang, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.	Allium teretifolium	species
taxon rank	Donax vittatus, or the banded wedge shell, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the order Veneroida.	Donax vittatus	species
taxon rank	Calliclinus nudiventris is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific coast of Chile.	Calliclinus nudiventris	species
taxon rank	Lancetilla del Páramo (Castilleja pumila) is a flowering species of plant in the Orobanchaceae family.	Castilleja pumila	species
taxon rank	Trichilogaster acaciaelongifoliae is a species of Australian chalcid wasps that parasitises, among others, Acacia longifolia (long-leaved wattle, or Sydney golden wattle), which has become an invasive pest in several countries.	Trichilogaster acaciaelongifoliae	species
taxon rank	Cochlespira radiata, common name the common star turret, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlespiridae.	Cochlespira radiata	species
taxon rank	Hemiscorpiidae is a family of scorpions with 72 described species in 12 genera.	Hemiscorpiidae	family
taxon rank	Fritillaria viridea is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common name San Benito fritillary.	Fritillaria viridea	species
taxon rank	Callicarpa ampla, also called the capa rose, is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family.	Callicarpa ampla	species
taxon rank	Diaptomus is a genus of copepods with a single eye spot.	Diaptomus	genus
taxon rank	Griphotherion is an extinct genus of notoungulate mammal from the Eocene of Argentina.	Griphotherion	genus
taxon rank	Paraphago rostratus is a species of distichodontid fish endemic to the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Paraphago rostratus	species
taxon rank	Naziritor zhobensis, the Zhobi mahseer, is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Pakistan.	Naziritor zhobensis	species
taxon rank	†Libera tumuloides was a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Endodontidae.	Libera tumuloides	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia porteri is a species of grass known by the common names bush muhly and Porter's muhly.	Muhlenbergia porteri	species
taxon rank	Hylaeochampsa is an extinct genus of eusuchian crocodylomorph.	Hylaeochampsa	genus
taxon rank	Bathysciadium costulatum is a species of sea snail, deep-sea limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bathysciadiidae.	Bathysciadium costulatum	species
taxon rank	Temnocephala lamothei is a species of flatworm in the family Temnocephalidae.	Temnocephala lamothei	species
taxon rank	Termitaradus dominicanus is an extinct species of termite bug in the family Termitaphididae known from a Miocene fossil found on Hispaniola.	Termitaradus dominicanus	species
taxon rank	Terebra guttata, common name the eyed auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra guttata	species
taxon rank	Paragraciella schoudeteni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paragraciella.	Paragraciella schoudeteni	species
taxon rank	Strobilurus tenacellus, commonly known as the pinecone cap, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Physalacriaceae.	Strobilurus tenacellus	species
taxon rank	Clathrina cordata is a species of sponge in the genus Clathrina from South Africa.	Clathrina cordata	species
taxon rank	Amblyomma americanum, or lone star tick, is a species of tick in the genus Amblyomma.	Amblyomma americanum	species
taxon rank	Catharia is a monotypic genus of moths, containing the single species Catharia prenealis.	Catharia	genus
taxon rank	The Lago Blanco tuco-tuco (Ctenomys fodax) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Lago Blanco tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Vanilla raabii is a species of orchid in the Vanilla genus.	Vanilla raabii	species
taxon rank	Pholidotrope is a genus of mostly small deep water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chilodontidae.	Pholidotrope	genus
taxon rank	Cyperus grayoides is a species of sedge known by the common names Illinois flatsedge and Mohlenbrock's umbrella sedge.	Cyperus grayoides	species
taxon rank	Ericameria cuneata is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common name cliff goldenbush.	Ericameria cuneata	species
taxon rank	Kennedia coccinea (coral vine) is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae, endemic to the south-west of Western Australia.	Kennedia coccinea	species
taxon rank	Contusus is a genus of pufferfishes native to the coastal waters of southern Australia and New Zealand.	Contusus	genus
taxon rank	Hornungia is a small genus of plants in the mustard family.	Hornungia	genus
taxon rank	Dermatobranchus glaber is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Arminidae.	Dermatobranchus glaber	species
taxon rank	Leccinum insigne, commonly known as the aspen bolete or the aspen scaber stalk, is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Leccinum insigne	species
taxon rank	Ctenochaetus hawaiiensis (commonly known as chevron tang, but also known as black surgeonfish, Hawaiian bristletooth, Hawaiian kole or Hawaiian surgeonfish) are a species of reef surgeonfish in the family Acanthuridae.	Ctenochaetus hawaiiensis	species
taxon rank	Antirrhinum virga (syn. Sairocarpus virga) is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name tall snapdragon.	Antirrhinum virga	species
taxon rank	Telmatochromis dhonti is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers rocky substrates.	Telmatochromis dhonti	species
taxon rank	Idotea granulosa is a species of marine isopod in the family Idoteidae.	Idotea granulosa	species
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus multifilis, the Featherduster blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Atlantic ocean, around Texas, USA.	Hypleurochilus multifilis	species
taxon rank	Paddlefish (family Polyodontidae) are basal Chondrostean ray-finned fish.	Paddlefish	family
taxon rank	Horezmia is an extinct Mesozoic genus of prehistoric salamanders.	Horezmia	genus
taxon rank	Nyssodesmus python also known as the python millipede or large forest-floor millipede is a species of flat-backed millipede of the family Platyrhacidae commonly found in Costa Rica, where it occurs widely and is locally abundant in the Caribbean slopes from sea level to around 365 meters (1,200 feet) in elevation.	Nyssodesmus python	species
taxon rank	Lepidurus arcticus is a species of tadpole shrimp which inhabits both ephemeral pools and permanent freshwater lakes of Norway, Greenland, Finland, Sweden, Svalbard, Iceland, Russia and the Kuril Islands.	Lepidurus arcticus	species
taxon rank	The genus Legionella is a pathogenic group of Gram-negative bacteria that includes the species L. pneumophila, causing legionellosis (all illnesses caused by Legionella) including a pneumonia-type illness called Legionnaires' disease and a mild flu-like illness called Pontiac fever.	Legionella	genus
taxon rank	Spencer's goanna or Spencer's monitor (Varanus spenceri) is a species of monitor lizards native to the Barkly region in central Queensland/Northern Territory, Australia.	Spencer's goanna	species
taxon rank	Luvaris necopinatus is a species of extinct louvar that lived in the Tethys Ocean during the early Paleogene.	Luvaris necopinatus	species
taxon rank	Deinonychus (/daɪˈnɒnᵻkəs/ dy-NON-i-kəs; Greek: δεινός, 'terrible' and ὄνυξ, genitive ὄνυχος 'claw') is a genus of carnivorous dromaeosaurid coelurosaurian dinosaurs, with one described species, Deinonychus antirrhopus.	Deinonychus	genus
taxon rank	Rhytida meesoni is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Rhytididae.	Rhytida meesoni	species
taxon rank	Lespedeza leptostachya is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names prairie lespedeza and prairie bush-clover.	Lespedeza leptostachya	species
taxon rank	Saprinus ornatus is a species of clown beetles belonging to the family Histeridae.	Saprinus ornatus	species
taxon rank	Arthrochilus, commonly called elbow orchids, is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Arthrochilus	genus
taxon rank	The Savalai hairtail, Lepturacanthus savala, also known as Small-head hairtail, is a species of snapper native to the Indian Ocean and into the west Pacific Ocean as far east as Australia.	Lepturacanthus savala	species
taxon rank	Lasioderma serricorne, commonly known as the cigarette beetle, cigar beetle, or tobacco beetle, is an insect very similar in appearance to the drugstore beetle (Stegobium paniceum) and the common furniture beetle (Anobium punctatum), and all three species belong to the family Anobiidae.	Lasioderma serricorne	species
taxon rank	Hoplocorypha narocana is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Tanzania, Chad, and Zambia.	Hoplocorypha narocana	species
taxon rank	Parrotiopsis is a genus of deciduous shrub or small tree in the witch hazel family.	Parrotiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Ilanga illustris is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Solariellidae.	Ilanga illustris	species
taxon rank	Cumulopuntia is a genus of cactus (family Cactaceae).	Cumulopuntia	genus
taxon rank	The Ceram mangrove monitor, Varanus cerambonensis, is a species of monitor lizards found in Indonesia.	Ceram mangrove monitor	species
taxon rank	Larinus is a genus of true weevils, comprising about 180 species, mostly in the Palaearctic region.	Larinus	genus
taxon rank	Leptodirus hochenwartii, or L. hohenwarti, is a cave beetle in the family Leiodidae and the only species in the genus Leptodirus.	Leptodirus hochenwartii	species
taxon rank	Trifolium barbigerum is a species of clover known by the common name bearded clover.	Trifolium barbigerum	species
taxon rank	Fucus radicans is a species of brown algae in the family Fucaceae, endemic to and recently evolved within the Baltic Sea.	Fucus radicans	species
taxon rank	Chiropsalmus quadrigatus is a species of box jellyfish in the Chiropsalmidae family and can be found in the waters around Malaysia.	Chiropsalmus quadrigatus	species
taxon rank	Prodajus ostendensis is a species of marine isopod in the family Dajidae and is found in the North Sea.	Prodajus ostendensis	species
taxon rank	Treponema is a genus of spiral-shaped bacteria.	Treponema	genus
taxon rank	Echiniscoides sigismundi is the type species of Echiniscoides the oldest genus of tardigrades.	Echiniscoides sigismundi	species
taxon rank	Squalogadus modificatus, the Tadpole whiptail, is a species of rattail found in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans where it occurs at depths of from 600 to 1,740 metres (1,970 to 5,710 ft).	Squalogadus modificatus	species
taxon rank	Sicyopterus is a genus of gobies native fresh waters from Madagascar to the Pacific islands.	Sicyopterus	genus
taxon rank	Aporrhais pesgallinae is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Aporrhaidae, the pelican's foot snails or pelican's foot shells.	Aporrhais pesgallinae	species
taxon rank	Loweriella boltoni is a species of ant and is the only known species of genus Loweriella.	Loweriella	species
taxon rank	Anhydrophryne is a genus of frogs in the Pyxicephalidae family, formerly in Petropedetidae.	Anhydrophryne	genus
taxon rank	Esomus is a genus comprising the Flying Barbs.	Esomus	genus
taxon rank	Esperiana daudebartii is a species of a freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Melanopsidae.	Esperiana daudebartii	species
taxon rank	Traccatichthys is a genus of stone loaches from southern China and Vietnam.	Traccatichthys	genus
taxon rank	Arnica dealbata is a species of Californian plants in the tarweed tribe within the aster family The species is known by the common name mock leopardbane.	Arnica dealbata	species
taxon rank	Allium simillimum, the Simil Onion, or dwarf onion, is a plant species native to Idaho and Montana (Gallatin and Ravalli Counties).	Allium simillimum	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Herpolirion novae-zelandiae, commonly known as Sky Lily.	Herpolirion	species
taxon rank	Lavigeria paucicostata is a species of tropical freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusc in the family Paludomidae.	Lavigeria paucicostata	species
taxon rank	Pycnogonidae is a family of sea spiders.	Pycnogonidae	family
taxon rank	Trachycephalus lepidus is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.	Trachycephalus lepidus	species
taxon rank	Helicarion mastersi is a species of air-breathing land snail, also referred to as a semi-slug because of its small shell.	Helicarion mastersi	species
taxon rank	Dendrelaphis is a genus of colubrid snakes, distributed from Pakistan, India and southern China to Indonesia, Timor-Leste, the Philippines, Australia, New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.	Dendrelaphis	genus
taxon rank	Homogalax is an extinct genus of tapir-like herbivore.	Homogalax	genus
taxon rank	Sargassum pallidum is a species of seaweed native to East Asia and Southeast Asia.	Sargassum pallidum	species
taxon rank	Paradistichodus dimidiatus is a species of distichodontid fish that occurs in the African nations of Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Chad, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, and Senegal.	Paradistichodus dimidiatus	species
taxon rank	Pteroplius acuminatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pteroplius.	Pteroplius acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Gelechioidea (from the type genus Gelechia, ``resting on the ground'') is the superfamily of moths that contains the case-bearers, twirler moths, and relatives, also simply called curved-horn moths or gelechioid moths.	Gelechioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Anserimimus (/ˌænsərᵻˈmaɪməs/ AN-sər-i-MY-məs; ``goose mimic'') is a genus of ornithomimid theropod dinosaur, from the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia.	Anserimimus	genus
taxon rank	Aetheolirion is a genus of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family, first described in 1962.	Aetheolirion	genus
taxon rank	Brickelliastrum is a North American genus of flowering plants in the tribe boneset tribe within the sunflower fammily.	Brickelliastrum	genus
taxon rank	†Partula imperforata was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula imperforata	species
taxon rank	Dolichamphilius brieni is a species of loach catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is found in Pool Malebo.	Dolichamphilius brieni	species
taxon rank	Sanzinia madagascariensis (also known as the Malagasy tree boa, or Madagascar tree boa) is a non-venomous boa species endemic to the island of Madagascar.	Sanzinia madagascariensis	species
taxon rank	Congochromis is a genus of small cichlids native to river basins in Middle Africa.	Congochromis	genus
taxon rank	Scaptotrigona mexicana is a species of stingless bee that lives throughout Mexico and is part of the Meliponini tribe.	Scaptotrigona mexicana	species
taxon rank	Sargocentron tiere or the blue-lined squirrelfish is one species of Squirrelfish from the Indo-Pacific.	Sargocentron tiere	species
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis mackenziei also known as the Robust zipper loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis mackenziei	species
taxon rank	Olybria aliculella is a species of snout moth, and the type species in the genus Olybria.	Olybria aliculella	species
taxon rank	Hapalopilus croceus is a species of polypore fungus.	Hapalopilus croceus	species
taxon rank	Cleistocactus hyalacanthus is a species of columnar cactus in the genus Cleistocactus.	Cleistocactus hyalacanthus	species
taxon rank	Aphthona is a genus of beetle, in the leaf beetle family Chrysomelidae, native to Europe and Asia.	Aphthona	genus
taxon rank	Iguanodontidae is a family of iguanodontians belonging to Styracosterna, a derived clade of the iguanodont group Ankylopollexia.	Iguanodontidae	family
taxon rank	Archidistoma is a genus of tunicates.	Archidistoma	genus
taxon rank	Denticetopsis epa is a species of whale catfish endemic to Brazil where it is known from several localities in the lower portions of the Tocantins River basin.	Denticetopsis epa	species
taxon rank	Rhizospalax is a genus of extinct rodent from Europe thought to be distantly related to modern beavers.	Rhizospalax	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtodactylus rubidus, or the red bow-fingered gecko, is a species of gecko found in the Andaman Islands (India) and the Coco Islands (Myanmar).	Cyrtodactylus rubidus	species
taxon rank	Potamocorbula amurensis is a species of small saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the order Myoida.	Potamocorbula amurensis	species
taxon rank	Haliotis australis, common name the ``queen paua'' or austral abalone, is a species of edible sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis australis	species
taxon rank	Platyhypnidium riparioides, the long-beaked water feathermoss, is a species of aquatic moss commonly found in many regions.	Platyhypnidium riparioides	species
taxon rank	Stenocorus meridianus is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lepturinae subfamily that can be found anywhere in Europe (except for Faroe Islands, Iceland and Ireland, Malta, and parts of Italy such as San Marino, Sardinia, Sicily, and Vatican city), Caucasus, and Kazakhstan.	Stenocorus meridianus	species
taxon rank	Caldesia is a genus of aquatic plants.	Caldesia	genus
taxon rank	Dioryctria auranticella, the ponderosa pineconeworm moth, is a species of moth of the family Pyralidae.	Dioryctria auranticella	species
taxon rank	Puccinia psidii can have very serious consequences to various species of plants in the Myrtaceae.	Puccinia psidii	species
taxon rank	Estiella is a monotypic South African genus of potter wasps.	Estiella	genus
taxon rank	Lithoxus boujardi is a species of armored catfish endemic to French Guiana where it occurs in the Approuague and Oyapock River basins.	Lithoxus boujardi	species
taxon rank	Astragalus asymmetricus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name San Joaquin milkvetch.	Astragalus asymmetricus	species
taxon rank	The Astrocoeniidae are a small family of stony corals.	Astrocoeniidae	family
taxon rank	Pinus durangensis, the Durango pine, is a pine tree species endemic to the Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range of Northwestern Mexico.	Pinus durangensis	species
taxon rank	Tasmanophlebi lacuscoerulei is a species of mayfly in family Siphlonuridae.	Tasmanophlebi lacuscoerulei	species
taxon rank	The family is monogeneric, containing the single genus Gyroporus, which, according to a 2008 estimate, contains ten widely distributed species.	Gyroporus	genus
taxon rank	Bacteroides ureolyticus is a species in the bacterial genus of Gram-negative, obligately anaerobic bacteria.	Bacteroides ureolyticus	species
taxon rank	Emarginula fissura, the common slit limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Emarginula fissura	species
taxon rank	Crossodactylodes (common name: bromeliad frogs) is a genus of leptodactylid frogs from the Atlantic Forest of eastern Brazil.	Crossodactylodes	genus
taxon rank	Mastixia arborea is a species of plant in the Cornaceae family.	Mastixia arborea	species
taxon rank	Baru is an extinct genus of Australian mekosuchine crocodilian.	Baru	genus
taxon rank	Chaerilus celebensis also known as the Asian bush scorpion or speckled bush scorpion is a species of scorpion from the family Chaerilidae.	Chaerilus celebensis	species
taxon rank	Asarta alpicolella is a species of snout moth in the genus Asarta.	Asarta alpicolella	species
taxon rank	Thelephon is an extinct genus of procolophonine procolophonid parareptile from middle Triassic (early Anisian stage) deposits of Free State Province, South Africa.	Thelephon	genus
taxon rank	Juncus regelii is a species of rush known by the common name Regel's rush.	Juncus regelii	species
taxon rank	Micropterix trifasciella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1965, It is known from the French and Italian Alps, and is known to inhabit herbacious plants at an elevation range of 1,400--1,900 metres (4,600--6,200 ft).	Micropterix trifasciella	species
taxon rank	Atheloca subrufella is a species of snout moth, a member of the genus Atheloca.	Atheloca subrufella	species
taxon rank	Graptemys is a genus of aquatic, freshwater turtles known commonly as map turtles or sometimes sawback turtles, endemic to North America.	Graptemys	genus
taxon rank	Festuca brevipila, the hard fescue, is a species of grass which can be found everywhere in Canada and in both Eastern and Central United States (except for Arkansas, Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and South Dakota).	Festuca brevipila	species
taxon rank	Gentiana scabra (or Japanese gentian) is a species of flowering plant in the Gentian family (Gentianaceae), found in much of the United States and Japan.	Gentiana scabra	species
taxon rank	The Gulf Coast horned lizard (Phrynosoma wigginsi) is a horned lizard species native to Baja California, Mexico.	Gulf Coast horned lizard	species
taxon rank	Acleisanthes nevadensis (syn. Selinocarpus nevadensis) is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common names desert moonpod and desert wing-fruit.	Acleisanthes nevadensis	species
taxon rank	The Iberian wolf (Canis lupus signatus) is a subspecies of grey wolf that inhabits the forest and plains of northern Portugal and northwestern Spain.	Iberian wolf	subspecies
taxon rank	Kukufeldia is a genus of iguanodont dinosaur that existed in what is now England during the Early Cretaceous period.	Kukufeldia	genus
taxon rank	Nymphargus ruizi (common name: Ruiz's Cochran frog) is a species of frog in the Centrolenidae family, formerly placed in Cochranella.	Nymphargus ruizi	species
taxon rank	Lethrinus atkinsoni is a species of emperor fish described by Alvin Seale in 1910.	Lethrinus atkinsoni	species
taxon rank	Solanum tepuiense is a plant species native to Venezuela.	Solanum tepuiense	species
taxon rank	Agabus bipustulatus is a species of beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Afro-tropical region, the Near East and North Africa.	Agabus bipustulatus	species
taxon rank	Trypauchen is a genus of burrowing gobies native to the Indo-Pacific region.	Trypauchen	genus
taxon rank	Sulcavis is a genus of enantiornithine bird.	Sulcavis	genus
taxon rank	Callionymus sereti is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific Ocean around Futuna Island where it occurs at depths of from 245 to 400 metres (804 to 1,312 ft).	Callionymus sereti	species
taxon rank	Erethistes pusillus is a species of South Asian river catfish native to India, Bangladesh and Myanmar where it is mostly found in hill streams.	Erethistes pusillus	species
taxon rank	Pseudoscopelus is a genus of snaketooth fishes.	Pseudoscopelus	genus
taxon rank	Lockhartia micrantha is a species of orchid native to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama and Colombia.	Lockhartia micrantha	species
taxon rank	Montia is a genus of plants in the purslane family, Montiaceae.	Montia	genus
taxon rank	Heterocapsa circularisquama is a species of Dinoflagellate notable for the production of a biotoxin affecting marine fauna.	Heterocapsa circularisquama	species
taxon rank	Rubus cockburnianus (white-stemmed bramble) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae.	Rubus cockburnianus	species
taxon rank	Locastra crassipennis is a species of snout moth in the genus Locastra.	Locastra crassipennis	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops sundewalli, or Sundevall's worm snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops sundewalli	species
taxon rank	Trichocoma is a genus of fungi in the family Trichocomaceae.	Trichocoma	genus
taxon rank	Catoxantha opulenta is a species of jewel beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae, subfamily Chrysochroinae.	Catoxantha opulenta	species
taxon rank	Diplurus is a genus of prehistoric coelacanth fish which lived during the Triassic period.	Diplurus	genus
taxon rank	Chrysomya rufifacies is a species belonging to the blow fly family, Calliphoridae, and is most significant in the field of forensic entomology due to its use in establishing or altering post mortem intervals.	Chrysomya rufifacies	species
